--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
US$6,000,000,000 
Medium Term Notes Program 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones, 
acting directly or through its Miami Branch 
US$6,000,000,000 
Medium Term Notes Program 
Under this US$6,000,000,000 Medium Term Notes Program (the “Program”), Banco de Crédito e Inversiones (the “Issuer,” the “Bank” or “Bci”) 
may from time to time issue medium term notes (“Notes”) which may be issued on a subordinated or unsubordinated basis.  The Notes will be offered (i) inside 
the United States of America (the “United States”) in reliance on an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) only to qualified institutional buyers (“QIBs”), within the meaning of Rule 144A (“Rule 144A”) under the Securities Act, and/or (ii) outside 
the United States to non-U.S. persons (as such term is defined in Rule 904 under the Securities Act (a “non-U.S. person”)) pursuant to Regulation S 
(“Regulation S”) under the Securities Act.  The Notes will be denominated in any currency agreed upon between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined 
below).  The final terms of each Note will be specified in the Final Terms (as defined below).  For more information, see “Description of the Notes.” 
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of the Notes offered hereby in making its purchase will be deemed to have made certain acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes and may in certain circumstances be required to provide 
confirmation of compliance with such resale or other transfer restrictions below and as set forth in “Important Notices” and “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms 
contemplated herein which are applicable to a particular issuance of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms relating to such Notes.  
See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 4 of this Prospectus for a discussion of certain significant risks you should consider in connection with 
an investment in the Notes. 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II.  Prospective investors are referred to the section headed “Important Notices” on page iv of this Base Prospectus (the “Prospectus”). 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Application may be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Program (other than Indexed Notes (as defined below)) to 
be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  Notes issued under the Program (other than Indexed 
Notes) may also be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (an MTF for the purposes of MiFID II), any other or further stock exchange(s) or may not be admitted to trading or listed.  Indexed Notes will not 
be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and are not in the scope of the approval by the Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier under this Prospectus. 
This document comprises a Base Prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  
This Prospectus may be used only for the purposes for which it has been prepared.  This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du 
Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. By approving this Prospectus in accordance with Article 20 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the issuer that is the subject of this Prospectus. You should make your own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Arrangers 
BofA Securities 
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
Dealers 
BofA 
Securities, 
Inc. 
BNP 
PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Daiwa 
Capital 
Markets  
Goldman 
Sachs & 
Co. LLC 
HSBC 
J.P. 
Morgan 
Mizuho 
Securities  
Morgan 
Stanley 
MUFG 
Standard 
Chartered 
Bank 
 
July 19, 2024

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
Page
 
Responsibility Statement ............................................... iii 
Important Notices ...........................................................iv 
Notice to Prospective Investors in Chile ........................vi 
Notification under Section 309b of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore ..............vi 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors In The 
United Kingdom .........................................................vi 
Additional Notice to Investors in the United 
Kingdom ................................................................... vii 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors ............... vii 
MIFID II Product Governance / Target Market ........... vii 
UK MIFIR Product Governance / Target Market......... vii 
Ratings......................................................................... viii 
Available Information ................................................. viii 
Certain Terms and Conventions .....................................ix 
Enforcement of Civil Liabilities ...................................... x 
Cautionary Disclosure Regarding Forward-
Looking Statements ....................................................xi 
General Description of the Program ................................ 1 
Risk Factors ..................................................................... 4 
Use of Proceeds ............................................................. 43 
Presentation of Financial and Other Information .......... 44 
Capitalization ................................................................ 46 
Exchange Rates ............................................................. 47 
Exchange Controls ........................................................ 48 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations ......... 49 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About 
Market Risk............................................................... 86 
The Chilean Banking Industry .................................... 100 
Business ...................................................................... 106 
Selected Statistical Information .................................. 124 
Regulation and Supervision ........................................ 165 
Management ............................................................... 191 
Principal Shareholders ................................................ 200 
Related Party Transactions ......................................... 201 
Description of the Notes ............................................. 206 
Form of Final Terms ................................................... 242 
Taxation ...................................................................... 250 
Certain ERISA Considerations ................................... 263 
Special Provisions Relating to Foreign Currency 
Notes ....................................................................... 265 
Book-Entry Clearance Systems .................................. 268 
Plan of Distribution .................................................... 271 
Transfer and Selling Restrictions ................................ 273 
Legal Matters .............................................................. 282 
Independent Auditors ................................................. 283 
General Information ................................................... 284 
Clearing Systems ........................................................ 285 
Documents on Display ................................................ 285 
Annex A—Significant Differences Between Chilean 
GAAP and IFRS .................................................. A-1 
Annex B—Significant Departures from International 
Standards on Auditing ......................................... B-1 
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements ................ F-1 
_______________________

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer with its registered office in Santiago, Chile is solely responsible for the information given in this 
Prospectus and in any Final Terms for each Series or Tranche of Notes issued under the Program.  The Issuer hereby declares 
that to the best of its knowledge and belief, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information 
contained in this Prospectus and in any Final Terms for each Series or Tranche of Notes issued under the Program is in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office set out below 
of each of the paying agents  (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA or in the UK nor offered in the EEA or in the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation, including as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, will only 
be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity).  
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto.  Full information on the 
Issuer and any Notes issued under the Program is only available on the basis of the combination of this Prospectus (including 
any supplement) and the relevant Final Terms. 
No person is or has been authorized to give any information or to make any representations, other than those 
contained in this Prospectus, in connection with the Program or the issue and sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by Bci.  Neither the delivery of this 
Prospectus nor any sale made hereunder shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that the information herein is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date hereof. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Program or any Notes (i) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer 
or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any recipient of any other information supplied in connection 
with the Program or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make 
its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the 
Issuer.  Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Program or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of either Issuer or any of the Dealers to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
This Prospectus is valid for twelve months upon its date of approval.  This Prospectus has been approved on 
July 19, 2024 and will expire on July 19, 2025.  This Prospectus and any supplement thereto as well as any Final Terms 
reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue.  Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Notes shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained in the related documents is 
accurate and complete subsequent to the date hereof or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
condition of the Issuer since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Program is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
For so long as any Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Prospectus that is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of any significant new 
factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Prospectus shall expire when this 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notes issued under the Program may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor 
should: (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in such Notes and the information contained in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement; (ii) have 
access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an 
investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; (iii) have sufficient 
financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Notes, including Notes with principal 
or interest payable in one or more Specified Currencies, or where the Specified Currency for principal or interest payments 
is different from the potential investor’s usual currency for holding investments; (iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the 
relevant Notes and be familiar with the behavior of any relevant indices and financial markets; and (v) be able to evaluate 
(either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment in the relevant Notes and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by United States

--- Page 5 ---
v 
Treasury Regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any jurisdiction 
to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The distribution of this Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent 
that this Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the 
Dealers which would permit an offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances 
that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or 
any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or 
sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (and, in particular, without limitation, in Luxembourg, France, Italy and the 
Netherlands), the UK, Australia, Brazil, Chile, Dubai, Hong Kong, Japan, Peru, Singapore and Switzerland (see “Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions”).  In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and 
the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved.  The Notes have not been approved or 
disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or any other securities commission or 
other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Prospectus or confirmed the 
accuracy or the adequacy of the information contained in this Prospectus.  Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold 
in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons unless the Notes are registered under the Securities 
Act or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available.  See “Description of the Notes—
Forms of Notes” for a description of the manner in which Notes will be issued.  Registered Notes are subject to certain 
restrictions on transfer (see “Transfer and Selling Restrictions”).  Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United 
States only to QIBs in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act (see “U.S. Information” below). 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in any 
jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer 
or solicitation. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any Final Terms should be considered as a recommendation or a statement of an opinion 
(or a report of either of those things) by Bci, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Prospectus or any Final 
Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes.  Each recipient of this Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to 
have made its own appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any purchaser of the Notes regarding the legality of 
its investment under any applicable laws.  Any purchaser of the Notes should be able to bear the economic risk of an 
investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no representation, warranty 
or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained in this Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer.  The Dealers do not accept 
any liability in relation to the information contained in this Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Program. 
U.S. Information 
This Prospectus is being submitted on a confidential basis in the United States to a limited number of QIBs for 
informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of the Notes being offered hereby.  Its use for 
any other purpose in the United States is not authorized.  It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it 
be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
Registered Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only to QIBs in transactions exempt from 
registration under the Securities Act.  Each U.S. purchaser of Registered Notes is hereby notified that the offer and sale of

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
any Registered Notes to it may be made in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Each purchaser or Noteholder represented by a Rule 144A Global Note (as defined under “Registered Notes” below) 
or any Notes issued in registered form in exchange or substitution therefor (together “Legended Notes”) will be deemed, by 
its acceptance or purchase of any such Legended Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to 
restrict the resale or other transfer of such Notes as set out in “Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” Unless otherwise stated, 
terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in “Description of the Notes—Forms of Notes.” 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates.  
Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “BMR”).  If any 
such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is 
provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) 
of the BMR.  Transitional provisions in the BMR may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not 
required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the relevant Final Terms.  The registration 
status of any administrator under the BMR is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer 
does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to the reference rates described in this Prospectus.  
As of the date of this Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR (as defined below)) 
appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to article 36 of 
the BMR, and none of the other benchmarks referred to in section 5(ii) of Part A of the Form of Final of Terms is provided 
by an administrator included in such register. 
As far as the Bank is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited is not currently required to obtain authorization or registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
Any websites hyperlinks included in this Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of this 
Prospectus. 
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN CHILE 
The Notes will not be registered in the Securities Registry (Registro de Valores) or in the Foreign Securities Registry 
(Registro de Valores Extranjeros)  of the Chilean Financial Markets Authority (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero) 
(“CMF”), and, therefore, the Notes are not subject to the supervision of the CMF as unregistered securities, we are not 
required to disclose public information about the Notes in Chile.  Accordingly, the Notes cannot and will not be publicly 
offered to persons in Chile.  The Notes may only be offered in Chile in circumstances that do not constitute a “Public Offering” 
(as defined under Law No. 18,045 on securities market (“Chilean securities market law”), and in compliance with General 
Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 336, dated June 27, 2012, issued by the CMF, as amended (“Rule 336”)).  The Notes 
may be privately offered in Chile to certain Chilean “Qualified Investors” which in turn are further described in General Rule 
(Norma de Carácter General) No. 216, dated June 12, 2008, of the CMF) (“Rule 216”) (such as banks, pension funds and 
insurance companies), which are required to comply with specific restrictions relating to the purchase of the Notes. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
(CHAPTER 289) OF SINGAPORE 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, in connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined the 
classification of the Notes as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM 
This Prospectus is only being distributed to, and is only directed at, persons in the UK that are “qualified investors” 
within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Prospectus Regulation”) and that also (i) are “investment professionals” as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the “Order”), (ii) are persons falling within Article 
49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.”) of the Order, or (iii) are persons to whom an 
invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) in connection with 
the issue or sale of any Notes may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons 
together being referred to as “relevant persons”).  In the UK, this Prospectus is directed only at relevant persons and must 
not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons.  Any investment or investment activity to which this 
Prospectus relates is available in the UK only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product 
Governance Rules.  
 
RATINGS 
As of the date of this Prospectus, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) has assigned an A2 senior unsecured 
debt rating to the Bank and Standard & Poor’s International LLC (“Standard & Poor’s”) has assigned an A- long-term 
foreign issuer credit rating to the Bank.  
Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s are not incorporated in the European Union or currently registered in accordance 
with the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit 
rating agencies, amended by Regulation (EC) No. 513/2011, Directive 2011/61/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 462/2013 (the 
“CRA Regulation”), nor have the ratings given by these agencies been endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation.  The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its 
website (www.esma.europa.eu) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  That list 
is updated within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 of the CRA Regulation.  
The European Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days 
following such update. 
The rating of a certain Series or Tranche of Notes to be issued under the Program may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series or Tranche of Notes will be issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed clearly 
and prominently in the Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes issued under the Program and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. A suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the 
rating assigned to the Bank may adversely affect the market price of the Notes issued under the Program. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
To permit compliance with Rule 144A in connection with any resales or other transfers of Notes that are “restricted 
securities” within the meaning of the Securities Act, the Issuer has undertaken in the Dealer Agreement dated July 25, 2016 
(as amended, the “Dealer Agreement”) to furnish, upon the request of a holder of such Notes or any beneficial interest 
therein, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him, the information required to be delivered under Rule 
144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, the Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 
or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) nor exempt from reporting pursuant 
to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder.

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
CERTAIN TERMS AND CONVENTIONS 
General 
Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references in this Prospectus to the “Bank,” “we,” 
“our,” “ours,” “us” or similar terms refer to Banco de Crédito e Inversiones together with its Miami branch and its 
consolidated subsidiaries.  We conduct our Chilean commercial banking activities through Bci and various non-banking 
activities through subsidiaries.  See “Business.” All references in this Prospectus to “City National Bank of Florida” or “CNB” 
refer to our subsidiary City National Bank of Florida and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. 
Currency Presentation 
In this Prospectus, references to “US$,” “U.S. dollars” and “dollars” are to United States dollars, references to 
“Chilean pesos”, “pesos” or “Ch$” are to Chilean pesos, references to “CHF” are to Swiss francs and references to “JPY” are 
to the Japanese Yen. 
References to “UF” are to Unidades de Fomento.  The UF is an inflation-indexed Chilean monetary unit with a value 
in Chilean pesos that is adjusted daily to reflect changes in the official consumer price index of the Instituto Nacional de 
Estadísticas (the “Chilean National Institute of Statistics”).  The UF is revalued in monthly cycles.  Each day in the period 
beginning on the tenth day of the current month through the ninth day of the succeeding month, the nominal peso value of 
the UF is indexed up (or down in the event of deflation) in order to reflect a proportionate amount of the change in the Chilean 
consumer price index during the prior calendar month.  As of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the value of the UF was 
Ch$30,991.74, Ch$35,110.98 and Ch$36,789.36, respectively. 
This Prospectus contains translations of certain Chilean peso amounts into U.S. dollars at specified rates solely for 
the convenience of the reader.  These translations should not be construed as representations that the Chilean peso amounts 
actually represent such U.S. dollar amounts or could be converted into U.S. dollars at the rates indicated, at any particular 
rate or at all.  
Unless otherwise indicated, the exchange rate used in converting Chilean pesos into U.S. dollars for amounts 
presented as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, as the case may be, were based on the observed 
exchange rate (dólar observado) reported by the Central Bank of Chile (Banco Central de Chile) for December 31, 2021, 
which was Ch$844.69 per US$1.00, for December 31, 2022, which was Ch$855.86 per US$1.00 and for December 31, 2023, 
which was Ch$877.12 per US$1.00, respectively. 
The rates reported by the Central Bank of Chile for December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 are based upon the observed 
exchange rate which it publishes on the first business day following the respective date.  The Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (the “FRBNY”) does not report a noon buying rate for pesos. See “Exchange Rates” for additional information 
regarding rates of exchange.

--- Page 10 ---
x 
ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
We are an open stock corporation (sociedad anónima abierta) organized under the laws of Chile and are licensed as 
a commercial bank by the CMF.  Substantially all of our directors and officers and certain experts named herein reside outside 
the United States (principally in Chile).  A substantial portion of our assets and the assets of these persons are located outside 
the United States.  As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon 
us or such persons or to enforce against us or them in U.S. courts judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of 
the laws of jurisdictions other than Chile, including any judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal 
securities laws of the United States.  
We have been advised by our external Chilean counsel that no treaty exists between the United States and Chile for 
the reciprocal enforcement of foreign judgments.  Chilean courts would enforce judgments rendered by U.S. courts by virtue 
of the legal principles of reciprocity and comity, subject to review in Chile of any such U.S. judgment in order to ascertain 
whether certain basic principles of due process and public policy have been respected, without retrial or review of the merits 
of the subject matter.  If a U.S. court grants a final judgment, enforceability of this judgment in Chile will be subject to 
obtaining the relevant exequatur (i.e., recognition and enforcement of the foreign judgment) according to Chilean civil 
procedure law in force at that time and satisfying certain legal requirements.  Currently, the most important of these 
requirements are:  
 
the existence of reciprocity, absent which the foreign judgment may not be enforced in Chile;  
 
the absence of any conflict between the foreign judgment and Chilean law (excluding for this purpose the laws 
of civil procedure) and public policy; 
 
the absence of a conflicting judgment by a Chilean court relating to the same parties and arising from the same 
facts and circumstances;  
 
the observance of all applicable laws to serve process on the defendant and protect the defendant’s right to 
defense; and 
 
the absence of any further means for appeal or review of the judgment in the jurisdiction where judgment was 
rendered.  
We have been advised by our external Chilean counsel that there is doubt as to the enforceability, in original actions 
in Chilean courts, of liabilities predicated solely on the U.S. federal securities laws and as to the enforceability in Chilean 
courts of judgments of U.S. courts obtained in actions predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal 
securities laws.

--- Page 11 ---
xi 
CAUTIONARY DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. 
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements appear throughout this Prospectus.  Examples of such 
forward-looking statements include: 
 
expectations of revenues, net income (expense), capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure, liquidity, 
asset portfolios or other financial items or ratios; 
 
statements of our plans, objectives or goals, including those related to anticipated trends, competition or 
regulation; 
 
statements about our future economic performance and that of Chile or other countries in which we operate; 
 
statements about our exposure to market risks, including interest rate risks, foreign exchange risk and equity 
price risk; and 
 
statements of assumptions underlying such statements. 
The sections of this Prospectus that contain forward-looking statements include, without limitation, “Risk Factors” 
and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Words such as “believes,” 
“expects,” “anticipates,” “projects,” “intends,” “should,” “could,” “may,” “seeks,” “aim,” “combined,” “estimates,” 
“probability,” “risk,” “target,” “goal,” “objective,” “future” or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking 
statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements.  These statements may relate to (i) our asset growth 
and financing plans, (ii) trends affecting our financial condition or results of operations, and (iii) the impact of competition 
and regulations, but are not limited to such topics.  Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially and adversely from those described in such forward-
looking statements included in this Prospectus as a result of various factors (including, without limitation, the actions of 
competitors, future global economic conditions, market conditions, foreign exchange rates and operating and financial risks), 
many of which are beyond our control.  The occurrence of any such factors not currently expected by us would significantly 
alter the results set forth in these statements. 
You should understand that the following important factors, in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this 
Prospectus, could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially and adversely 
from those expressed in our forward-looking statements: 
 
changes in capital market conditions in general that may affect policies or attitudes towards lending to Chile or 
Chilean companies or securities issued by Chilean companies; 
 
our ability to service our debt, fund our working capital requirements and comply with financial covenants in 
certain of our debt instruments; 
 
changes in general economic, legal, business, social, political or other conditions in Chile or elsewhere in Latin 
America or in the United States;  
 
the monetary and interest rate policies of the Central Bank of Chile; 
 
unanticipated movements or volatility in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or 
prices, including as a result of the conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, and Israel and Hamas; 
 
inflation or deflation; 
 
competition from other financial institutions and changes in pricing environments; 
 
changes in, or our failure to comply with, Chilean and foreign laws and regulations, including banking 
regulations and capital requirements; 
 
the impact of pandemics, epidemics and other health events, including the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-

--- Page 12 ---
xii 
19) and measures taken in response to them, on our resources, net profits and liquidity; 
 
changes in taxes; 
 
credit and other lending risks, including an increase in defaults on our loan portfolio; 
 
acquisitions, and our ability to successfully integrate the operations of the businesses or assets that we acquire; 
 
our inability to hedge certain risks economically; 
 
the adequacy of allowances for loan losses; 
 
extraneous events, such as terrorist attacks, organized crime activities, geopolitical events, war or natural 
disasters, such as earthquakes, tsunamis and wildfires; 
 
unemployment; 
 
public health emergencies; 
 
changes in technology or failure of or interruptions to our technology systems, including those caused by 
cyberattacks; 
 
inability to timely and duly enforce our claims on collateral provided by borrowers; 
 
changes in consumer spending and saving habits; 
 
unanticipated increases in financing and other costs or the inability to obtain additional debt or equity financing 
on attractive terms; 
 
loss of reputation for our brands or services and maintenance of our relationships with customers;  
 
any loss of significant customers; 
 
our ability to retain our key personnel and to hire additional key personnel; 
 
changes in labor relations, including any increases in labor costs or any labor strikes; and 
 
the factors described under “Risk Factors” beginning on page 4. 
You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements 
contained in this document speak only as of the date of this Prospectus, and we do not undertake to update any forward-
looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

--- Page 13 ---
1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAM 
General 
Under this Program, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes to one or more of the following Dealers: BofA 
Securities, Inc., BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Daiwa 
Capital Markets America Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, 
Mizuho Securities USA LLC, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, Standard Chartered 
Bank, and any other Dealer appointed from time to time in accordance with the Dealer Agreement which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”).  References in this Prospectus to 
the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, 
be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes. 
Each Series of Notes is issued either in bearer form or in registered form and Notes comprising each such Series 
will be issued in each case in the nominal amount of the denomination specified (the “Specified Denomination”) in the 
applicable final terms (the “Final Terms”). The maximum aggregate principal amount of all Notes from time to time 
outstanding under the Program will not exceed US$6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Dealer Agreement), subject to increase in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Notes will be issued by the Issuer, indistinctly, through its head office in Santiago, Chile, or its branch office in 
Miami, Florida, United States, as it will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes may be distributed by way of public offer (in jurisdictions in which a public offer of the Notes is permitted) 
or private placement and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  The method of distribution of each Tranche 
will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in tranches (each a “Tranche”), each Tranche consisting of Notes which 
are identical in all respects (including as to admission to trading and listing).  One or more Tranches which are (i) expressed 
to be consolidated and forming a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (except for different issue dates, interest 
commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments) may form a series (“Series”) of Notes.  Further Notes 
may be issued as part of existing Series.  The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market or other trading platform 
in the EEA or UK or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA or in the UK in circumstances which would otherwise 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation, the minimum 
Specified Denomination of the Notes will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than the 
Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Notes having a maturity of less than 12 months will not be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over par, as specified in the 
applicable final terms. 
The offering of the Notes by the Dealers is subject to receipt and acceptance of orders and subject to the Dealers’ 
right to reject any order in whole or in part. 
References in this Prospectus to Notes which are intended to be listed (and all related references) shall mean that an 
application will be made for such Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange is a regulated market for purposes of MiFID II.  The Program provides that the Notes (other than Indexed Notes) 
may be listed or admitted to trading on other or further stock exchanges including, but not limited to, the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange and the SIX Swiss Exchange, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each 
issue.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.

--- Page 14 ---
2 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant Notes and the 
extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the relevant Notes as an investment in the 
light of their own financial situation.  Certain issues of Notes involve a high degree of risk and potential investors 
should be prepared to sustain a loss of all or part of their investment.  It is the responsibility of prospective purchasers 
to ensure that they have sufficient knowledge, experience and professional advice to make their own legal, financial, 
tax, accounting and other business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and are not relying on 
the advice of the Issuer or any Dealer in that regard.  See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 4.  
Bearer Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  These Clearing Systems will include those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (“CBF”), Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”). 
Registered Notes will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of The 
Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), (ii) be deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a common 
nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or (iii) be deposited with a custodian or depositary for, and registered 
in the name of, a nominee of any other clearing system specified for a particular Tranche or Series of Notes, in each case, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Note will be able to transfer such 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case 
to the extent applicable. 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch will act as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”) and paying agent (the “Paying Agent”), 
unless otherwise stated in the applicable final terms. Citibank, N.A., London Branch will act as transfer agent (the “Transfer 
Agent”), registrar (the “Registrar”), and exchange agent (“Exchange Agent”).  The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent, the 
Transfer Agent, the Registrar and the Exchange Agent are hereinafter referred to as the “Agents.” 
The Issuer reserves the right to vary such appointments and will publish notice of such change of appointment in a 
newspaper having a general circulation in Luxembourg (which is currently expected to be LuxemburgerWort) or on the 
official website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones 
We are the largest commercial bank in Chile in terms of total net loans, deposits and assets, according to information 
published and calculated by the CMF. Our market share of total net loans, deposits and total assets, in the Chilean banking 
system was 19.66%, 21.69% and 19.76% respectively, as of December 31, 2023, in each case according to the CMF and 
taking into consideration Itaú CorpBanca’s investment in Colombia and our acquisition of City National Bank of Florida and 
the subsequent mergers effected in connection therewith. Our risk index, calculated as allowances for loan losses as a 
percentage of our total loans (excluding loans and receivables from banks), was 1.69%, as of December 31, 2023, compared 
to a weighted average of 2.57% for the Chilean banking system as a whole on such date, according to the CMF.  
We combine what we believe are a full service banking platform and a solid franchise with a growing international 
presence, particularly in the U.S., where as part of our international expansion strategy, (i) in October 2015, we acquired 
100% of BCI Financial Group, Inc., formerly known as CM Florida Holdings, Inc., a registered U.S. bank holding company 
that owns 99.9% of City National Bank of Florida, (ii) in June 2018, we acquired TotalBank, and (iii) in October 2020, City 
National Bank of Florida acquired Executive National Bank. See “–City National Bank of Florida.” In addition, we offer 
international banking services through our branch in Miami, our representative offices in Lima, São Paulo, Mexico City, 
Bogotá and Shanghai, and a worldwide network of correspondent banks.  
In addition to traditional banking products such as lending and deposit taking, our banking services for our 
approximately 130,591 active commercial checking account customers (not including individual clients in the retail segment) 
include working capital financing, lines of credit, foreign trade financing, mortgage loans, foreign exchange and non-credit 
services such as cash management, payroll and payment services, and a wide range of treasury and risk management products. 
We provide our approximately 840,686 active retail checking account customers with deposit services such as 
checking and savings accounts and also offer residential mortgage and consumer loans, lines of credit, credit cards and 
diversified products such as mutual funds, stock brokerage services, financial advisory services, insurance brokerage, and 
private and public investment fund management services. We serve our retail customers through a nationwide network of 
points of contact, which include 186 multiservice branches, cash agencies, point of sale branches, private banking commercial 
platforms and automated branches, and 547 ATMs. We have made significant investments in alternate distribution channels,

--- Page 15 ---
3 
including online banking, telephonic banking and other electronic financial services, to facilitate implementation of our 
market segmentation strategy and strengthen our competitive position in electronic payment transfers. 
In December 2018, we acquired Walmart Chile Servicios Financieros, which became our fifth reporting segment.  
This reporting segment includes the results of operations of four entities forming Walmart Chile Servicios Financieros.  These 
four entities that constituted the financial services division of Walmart Chile provide financing for its customers with the 
Líder MasterCard and Presto credit cards, along with other products. The Servicios Financieros reporting segment operates 
as an independent unit under the supervision of our senior management in Chile. Servicios Financieros, the name under which 
the four entities operate, continues to market the financial products and services offered before by Walmart Chile, which 
include the issue and operation of Líder Bci MasterCard, along with the origination of cash advances, super cash advances 
and personal insurance, among others.  This business is undertaken as a ten-year commercial cooperation agreement between 
Bci and Walmart, a leading global company in the retail sector.  We believe Servicios Financieros enables Bci to bolster its 
position among the credit card market leaders, enhance the development of products and services and generate value with the 
complementary capacities of two partners that are leaders in their respective industries.  This acquisition is part of our strategy 
to continuously seek growth opportunities in Chile and abroad and consistent with our goal of becoming a major player in 
the credit card industry in Chile.  This acquisition helped us grow our credit card market share 1.7 times as of December 
2018, compared to the 7.9% as of November, right before the acquisition (both figures exclude City National Bank of Florida 
and Executive National Bank), as Servicios Financieros allows us to reach approximately 1.5 million credit card customers 
through digital channels. 
We have been present in Peru for 20 years through a representative office. In 2022, we obtained the required 
authorizations from the SBS to operate our new subsidiary in Peru, BCI Peru. With an initial capital of US$60 million, we 
expect that this subsidiary will allow us to be a relevant player in the region focusing on corporate clients and large companies 
for Peruvian and Chilean customers. Our objective through our operations in Peru is to increase our presence in the Peruvian 
market and continue to strengthen our financial solutions platform in three countries, along with Chile and the United States, 
which will act as a single bank throughout Latin America and North America. This will allow us to be an increasingly relevant 
player at the regional level. Along with this new venture, we will continue to focus on our growth in Florida, a gateway for 
investments to and from Latin America, in addition to continue to analyze new growth opportunities in the region. 
On December 31, 2023, shareholders related to the Yarur family held 63.57% of our issued and outstanding 
shares.  Such shareholders are parties to a shareholders’ agreement dated October 7, 2015, last amended as of September 29, 
2023, pursuant to which they agree to vote their shares as a group.  In addition, they reiterated their intention to preserve the 
principles upon which the management of the institution has been based. 
Bci’s subsidiary group includes BCI Financial Group Inc., BCI Miami Branch, BCI Peru, BCI Asesoría Financiera 
S.A., BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos S.A., BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A., BCI Corredores de 
Seguros S.A., BCI Factoring S.A., BCI Securitizadora S.A., BCI Securities Inc., BCI Corredores de Bolsa de Productos S.A, 
Servicio de Normalización y Cobranza Normaliza S.A. and the five entities that comprise Servicios Financieros (as defined 
in this Prospectus). 
We are registered and headquartered in Santiago, Chile and had 11,423 employees worldwide as of December 31, 
2023. We are a public company in Chile whose common shares are listed on the Santiago Stock Exchange (Bolsa de Comercio 
de Santiago).

--- Page 16 ---
4 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes is subject to risks and uncertainties.  You should carefully consider the risks described 
below, in addition to the other information contained in this Prospectus, before deciding whether to purchase the Notes.  
Realization of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and 
results of operations or could materially and adversely affect the value or liquidity of the Notes and result in the loss of all 
or part of your investment in the Notes.  Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently 
deem to be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect us, which could also result in the loss of all or part of your 
investment in the Notes. 
Risks Relating to our Business 
Inflation and government measures to curb inflation may adversely affect the Chilean economy and our business and 
results of operations. 
Chile experienced inflation of 3.0%, 3.0%, 7.2%, 12.8% and 3.9% during 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023, 
respectively. The increase in inflation in 2021 and 2022 was due to the measures adopted by the Chilean government to 
provide additional liquidity to the Chilean markets and households in order to mitigate the negative effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic. The measures taken by the Central Bank of Chile to control inflation have included tightening monetary policy 
with a significant increase of interest rates, thereby restricting the availability of credit and economic growth. From August 
2021 to November 2022, the Central Bank of Chile raised the monetary policy interest rate from 0.75% to 11.25%, which is 
the highest rate since October 1998. The Central Bank kept the market risk premium at 11.25% until July 2023. As of the 
date of this Prospectus, the Central Bank’s monetary policy interest rate is 6.0%. Inflation, measures to control inflation and 
public speculation about possible additional actions have also contributed materially to economic uncertainty in Chile and to 
heightened volatility in its securities markets. High and extended levels of inflation and interest rates in Chile could adversely 
affect the Chilean economy and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In 
particular, increases in inflation and in interest rates could decrease the value of, and extend the life of, fixed rate assets, 
which could restrict our ability to reinvest in higher yielding alternatives. The possibility of a deflationary environment could 
also have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   
Our assets and liabilities are denominated in Chilean pesos, UF and foreign currencies. The UF is revalued in 
monthly cycles. On each day in the period beginning on the tenth day of any given month through the ninth day of the 
succeeding month, the nominal peso value of the UF is indexed up (or down in the event of deflation) in order to reflect a 
proportionate amount of the variation in the Chilean consumer price index during the prior calendar month. Inflation could 
also increase some of our costs and expenses, given that the majority of our supply contracts in Chile are UF-denominated or 
are indexed to the Chilean consumer price index. There can be no assurance that our business, financial condition and result 
of operations in the future will not be adversely affected by changing levels of inflation, including from extended periods of 
inflation that adversely affect economic growth or periods of deflation. In addition, we cannot assure you that, under 
competitive pressure, we will be able to carry out price increases with an impact in interest expense related to deposits, bonds, 
among others, which could adversely impact our operating margins and operating income.  
Our results of operations are affected by interest rate volatility.  
Our results of operations depend to a great extent on our net interest income, which represented 63.1%, 57.8% and 
62.0% of our operating income in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Changes in market interest rates could affect the interest 
rates earned on our interest-earning assets differently from the interest rates paid on our interest-bearing liabilities, leading to 
a reduction in our net interest income.  In addition, increases in interest rates could increase the debt service obligations of 
our customers and result in higher levels of impaired loans. 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control, including the reserve policies of the Central 
Bank of Chile, inflation, deregulation of the financial sector in Chile, domestic and international economic and political 
conditions, among other factors.  
In response to the deterioration of the global macroeconomic conditions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
central banks adopted significant monetary stimulus in order to provide liquidity and improve the functioning of credit 
markets. On March 16, 2020, the Central Bank of Chile announced a reduction of 75 basis points in the monetary policy 
interest rate bringing it down to 1%, and on March 31, 2020, the Central Bank of Chile announced a further reduction in the 
monetary policy interest rate to 0.5%. In 2021, as economic activity resumed and inflation increased due to the Chilean

--- Page 17 ---
5 
Government’s financial aid, from August 2021 to November 2022, the Central Bank of Chile raised the monetary policy 
interest rate from 0.75% to 11.25%, which is the highest rate since October 1998. 
Any changes in interest rates could adversely affect our business, our future financial performance and the price of 
our securities.  The following table shows the monetary policy interest rate as reported by the Central Bank of Chile at the 
dates indicated. 
Date 
Average Monetary Policy  
Interest Rate (%) 
December 31, 2014 .................................................................................................................................  
3.7 
December 31, 2015 .................................................................................................................................  
3.1 
December 31, 2016 .................................................................................................................................  
3.5 
December 31, 2017 .................................................................................................................................  
2.7 
December 31, 2018 .................................................................................................................................  
2.6 
December 31, 2019 .................................................................................................................................  
2.4 
December 31, 2020 .................................................................................................................................  
0.8 
December 31, 2021 .................................................................................................................................  
1.2 
December 31, 2022 .................................................................................................................................  
8.5 
December 31, 2023 .................................................................................................................................  
10.5 
 
Source: Central Bank of Chile. 
 
Increased competition and industry consolidation may adversely affect our results of operations.  
The Chilean market for financial services is highly competitive.  We compete with other private sector Chilean and 
non-Chilean banks, with Banco del Estado de Chile (the only public sector bank) and with department stores and larger 
supermarket chains that make consumer loans and sell other financial products to a large portion of the Chilean population.  
The lower middle- to middle-income segments of the Chilean population and the small- and medium-sized corporate 
segments have become the target markets of numerous other banks, and competition in these segments is likely to increase.  
As a result, net interest margins in these segments are likely to decline generally, and we cannot assure you that our net 
interest margins will be maintained at their current levels.  In addition, there has been a trend towards consolidation in the 
Chilean banking industry in recent years, which has created larger and stronger banks with which we must now compete. 
There can be no assurance that this increased competition will not adversely affect our growth prospects and operations by 
decreasing the net interest margins we are able to generate. 
We also face competition from non-banks (such as leasing, factoring and automobile finance companies, as well as 
savings associations), non-finance competitors (principally department stores and large supermarket chains), and insurance 
companies with respect to some of our credit products, such as credit cards, consumer loans and insurance brokerage, mutual 
funds, pension funds and savings products.  
Non-traditional providers of banking services, such as internet based e-commerce providers, mobile telephone 
companies and internet search engines may offer and/or increase their offerings of financial products and services directly to 
customers.  These non-traditional providers of banking services currently have an advantage over traditional providers 
because they are not subject to banking regulation.  Several of these competitors may have long operating histories, large 
customer bases, strong brand recognition and significant financial, marketing and other resources.  They may adopt more 
aggressive pricing and rates and devote more resources to technology, infrastructure and marketing. 
The persistence or acceleration of this shift in demand towards internet and mobile banking may necessitate changes 
to our retail distribution strategy, which may include closing and/or selling certain branches and restructuring our remaining 
branches and work force.  These actions could lead to losses on these assets and may lead to increased expenditures to 
renovate, reconfigure or close a number of our remaining branches or to otherwise reform our retail distribution channel.  
Furthermore, our failure to swiftly and effectively implement such changes to our distribution strategy could have an adverse 
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
Our ability to maintain our competitive position depends, in part, on the success of new products and services we offer our 
clients and our ability to continue offering products and services from third parties, and we may not be able to manage

--- Page 18 ---
6 
the various risks we face as we expand our range of products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on 
us.  
The success of our operations and our profitability depends, in part, on the success of new products and services we 
offer our clients.  However, we cannot guarantee that our new products and services will be responsive to client demands, or 
that they will be successful.  
In addition, our clients’ needs or desires may change over time, and such changes may render our products and 
services obsolete, outdated or unattractive and we may not be able to develop new products that meet our clients’ changing 
needs. Our success is also dependent on our ability to anticipate and leverage new and existing technologies that may have 
an impact on products and services in the banking industry and our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging 
technologies or changes in customer behavior, including among younger customers, could delay or prevent our access to new 
digital-based markets, which would in turn have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 
Technological changes, including cryptocurrencies and payment systems, may further intensify and complicate the 
competitive landscape and influence client behavior and could require substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our existing 
products and services as we continue to grow our internet and mobile banking capabilities. Our customers may choose to 
conduct business or offer products in areas that may be considered speculative or risky.  Such new technologies could 
negatively impact our investments in bank, premises, equipment and personnel for our branch network.  If we cannot respond 
in a timely fashion to the changing needs of our clients or our competitors are better able to anticipate market trends, we may 
lose clients and market share, which could in turn materially and adversely affect us. 
We are vulnerable to disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets. 
A contraction of the global financial system or a rapid reversal of favorable financial conditions could adversely 
affect our ability to access capital and liquidity on financial terms acceptable to us.  If capital market financing ceases to 
become available, or becomes excessively expensive, we may be forced to raise the rates we pay on deposits to attract 
customers.  Any such increase in capital market funding costs or in deposit rates could have a material adverse effect on our 
interest margins. 
In Chile, the global economic recession of 2008 caused an increase in unemployment, a decline in consumption, 
housing market and economic activity in general.  However, helped by a significant increase in investment in mining, the 
economy was able to grow about 5.5% between 2010 and 2013.  Thereafter, as the mining investing boom started to come to 
an end and international financial conditions started to normalize, the rate of growth decreased towards levels that are closer 
to Chile’s current potential growth. Chilean GDP grew 1.4% in 2017, 4.0% in 2018, and 0.6% in 2019. Although Chilean 
GDP contracted 6.1% in 2020, mainly due to the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Chilean economy, 
Chilean GDP grew 11.3% in 2021, mainly due to an increase in fiscal transfers to households approved by the Chilean 
Congress in 2020 and 2021. In 2022, Chilean GDP grew 2.1%, mainly due to the growth in the Chilean service sectors. In 
2023, Chilean GDP grew 0.2%, mainly due to the impact of high interest rates and political uncertainty on the Chilean 
economy. 
A slowdown in the world economy could have a materially negative impact on the Chilean economy. Global markets 
could experience volatility and disruption following an escalation of geopolitical tensions such as the ongoing conflicts 
between Russia and Ukraine and Israel and Hamas, the Houthi movement’s attacks on marine vessels in the Red Sea, and the 
potential expansion of such conflicts in surrounding areas. In addition, social and political circumstances in Chile and around 
the world (including wars and other forms of conflict) may also contribute to increased market volatility, especially stocks 
and exchange rates, and economic uncertainties or deterioration in Chile and worldwide. Any consequent disruptions in the 
Chilean economy, as a consequence of global disruptions, may lead to tightening financial conditions, a decrease in demand 
for individual and corporate borrowing, a decrease in demand for financial services, a decrease in credit card spending and 
an increase in past due or delinquent loans which may in turn materially and adversely affect our financial condition and 
results of operation. 
We are currently operating in a period of economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been 
significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due to the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, and Israel and 
Hamas, among other events. 
Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by any negative 
impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting from the conflicts in Ukraine, Gaza or any other geopolitical 
tensions.

--- Page 19 ---
7 
On February 24, 2022, a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine by Russian troops was reported. This invasion had 
an immediate impact on the global economy resulting in higher energy prices and higher prices for certain commodities, such 
as oil and natural gas, and goods and services which in turn is contributing to higher inflation in countries across the globe 
with significant disruption to financial markets and supply and distribution chains for certain raw materials and goods and 
services on an unprecedented social unrest. The Russian invasion of Ukraine has continued to escalate without any resolution 
of the invasion foreseeable in the near future with the short and long-term impact on financial and business conditions 
remaining highly uncertain. 
Following a terrorist attack by Hamas in the Gaza strip on October 7, 2023, Israel declared war on Hamas and other 
terrorist organizations in Gaza. On October 7, 2023, Hamas terrorists infiltrated Israel’s southern border from the Gaza strip 
and conducted a series of attacks on civilian and military targets.  Hamas also launched extensive rocket attacks on the Israeli 
population and industrial centers located along Israel’s border with the Gaza strip and in other areas within Israel.  Following 
the attack, Israel’s security cabinet declared war against Hamas and the Israeli military began to call up reservists for active 
duty.  At the same time, the conflict between Israel and Hezbollah in Lebanon escalated and the Houthi movement initiated 
attacks on marine vessels in the Red Sea. There is a possibility that it will turn into a greater regional conflict in the future.  
Although the length and impact of these ongoing conflicts is highly unpredictable, these conflicts could lead to 
market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices (in particular oil and gas), credit and capital markets, 
increase in our energy and other input costs, and supply chain interruptions for some of our and our customers’ equipment 
and vehicles’ components, including as a result of uncertainties with regard to Russia’s production and export of oil and gas, 
aluminum and other materials. Any escalation of these conflicts could have a significantly adverse impact on commodities 
prices and increase volatility in the financial market. We continue to monitor the situation in Ukraine, the Middle East and 
globally and assessing its potential impact on our business. 
Additionally, Russia’s prior annexation of Crimea, recent recognition of two separatist republics in the Donetsk and 
Luhansk regions of Ukraine and subsequent military interventions in Ukraine have led to sanctions and other penalties being 
levied by the United States, European Union and other countries against Russia, Belarus, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the 
so-called Donetsk People’s Republic, and the so-called Luhansk People’s Republic, including agreement to remove certain 
Russian financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication payment system. 
Russian military actions, the Israel-Hamas conflict, the Houthi movement’s attacks on marine vessels in the Red Sea 
and the subsequent disruptions to traditional trade routes, the potential expansion of such conflicts in surrounding areas, and 
the potential sanctions from these conflicts could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to 
instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets, potentially making it more difficult for us to obtain additional funds. 
Specifically, these ongoing conflicts, the sanctions and restrictive actions resulting from these conflicts, and the resulting 
market volatility, could adversely affect the Chilean economy and could lead to a decrease in demand for individual and 
corporate borrowing, a decrease in demand for financial services, and an increase in past due or delinquent loans, which may 
in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
Any of the abovementioned factors could affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 
The extent and duration of the military action, sanctions and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could 
be substantial. Any such disruptions may also magnify the impact of other risks described in this Prospectus. 
The lending business involves the risk of credit losses and our allowances for loan losses may not be adequate to cover the 
future actual losses on our loan portfolio. 
During 2021, 2022 and 2023, we increased the amount of our voluntary loan loss provisions due to the downturn in 
existing and projected macroeconomic conditions, including the performance of Chile’s economy. As of December 31, 2023, 
our total provisions to cover loan losses was Ch$1,222,606 million, which consists of our portfolio-specific allowance for 
loan losses (contra-asset account) plus an additional voluntary provision recorded in provisions which, in turn, are recorded 
in liabilities.  The ratio of this total amount to our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2023 was 2.52%.  The amount of 
provisions is based on our current assessment of, and expectations relating to, various factors affecting the quality and the 
expected losses of our loan portfolio.  These factors are beyond our control and include, among others, our borrowers’ current 
and projected financial condition, repayment ability and repayment intentions, the realizable value of any collateral and 
changes thereto, the prospects for support from guarantors, and the impact of Chile’s economic situation, government 
macroeconomic policies, changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and in commodity prices in general, and changes 
to the legal and regulatory environment.

--- Page 20 ---
8 
In addition, as these factors evolve, we may from time to time change our level of provisions for loan losses which 
can lead to increased provision expense.  If our assessment of, and expectations relating to, the above mentioned factors differ 
from actual developments, or if the quality of our loan portfolio deteriorates or if our assessment of future losses exceed our 
previous estimates, our allowances for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses and we may need to make 
additional provisions which may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Our exposure to individuals and small businesses could lead to higher levels of past due loans and provisions for credit 
loss. 
A substantial number of our corporate customers consists of small- and mid-sized companies (those with annual 
sales revenues primarily in the range of UF1,000 to UF100,000) and individual customers in the low to middle income range 
of the Chilean population (those with monthly incomes between Ch$550,000 and Ch$3,000,000). As of December 31, 2023, 
loans to individuals and to small and medium-sized enterprises (“SME”) represented together 33.4% of our loan portfolio. 
These loans consisted primarily of mortgage loans and consumer loans granted to low and medium-income individuals, and 
commercial loans to SMEs. 
In addition, important features of our growth strategy include growing our loan portfolio in the retail segments and 
providing a wider variety of banking services to SMEs and individuals. We expect that this growth will be driven by existing 
customers and new customers. The quality of our loan portfolio to individuals and SMEs depends significantly on economic 
conditions prevailing from time to time in Chile. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations—Overview—Impact of Economic Conditions in Chile.” Low and middle-income individuals as well 
as SMEs are likely to be more severely affected by adverse developments in the Chilean economy than large corporations 
and high-income individuals. As a result, lending to these segments represents a relatively higher degree of risk, which could 
result in higher levels of past due amounts, larger provisions and larger credit losses.  
The growth of our loan portfolio may expose us to increased loan losses.  
During the period from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2023, our consumer loan portfolio decreased 10.15% 
to Ch$3,177,794 million, and our aggregate commercial loan portfolio increased 8.98% from Ch$29,747,185 million as of 
December 31, 2022 to Ch$32,417,376 million as of December 31, 2023. The further expansion of our loan portfolio 
(particularly in the consumer, small- and medium-sized companies and real estate segments) can be expected to expose us to 
a higher level of loan losses and require us to establish higher levels of provision for loan losses, particularly if our loans to 
borrowers in certain riskier industries do not perform as we expect. 
Our loan portfolio may not continue to grow at the same or similar rates as it has grown in the past. 
Our acquisitions of TotalBank in June 2018, the four entities forming part of Walmart Chile Servicios Financieros 
(Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales S.A., Administradora de Tarjetas Servicios Financieros 
Limitada, SSFF Corredores de Seguros y Gestión Financiera LTDA, and Servicios y Cobranzas SEYCO LTDA, which we 
refer to collectively as “Servicios Financieros”) in December 2018, and the acquisition of Executive National Bank by City 
National Bank of Florida in October 2020 led to growth of our loan portfolio. 
Past performance of our loan portfolio may not be indicative of future performance. Our loan portfolio may not 
continue to grow at the same or similar rates as the growth rate that we historically experienced. Additionally, changes in the 
Chilean economy, a slowdown in the growth of customer demand, an increase in market competition or changes in 
governmental regulations could also adversely affect the rate of growth of our loan portfolio and our risk index. 
The value of the collateral securing our loans may not be sufficient or may be less than initially estimated, and we may be 
unable to realize the full value of the collateral securing our loan portfolio. 
The value of the collateral securing our loan portfolio may significantly fluctuate or decline due to factors beyond 
our control, including macroeconomic factors affecting Chile’s economy. For instance, the real estate market is particularly 
vulnerable in the context of negative economic conditions. Decreased real estate prices may adversely affect us because real 
estate represents a significant portion of the collateral securing our residential mortgages loan portfolio.  We may also not 
have sufficient information on the value of collateral, which may result in an inaccurate assessment for impairment losses of 
our loans secured by this collateral.  If this were to occur, we may need to make additional provisions to cover actual losses 
of our loans, which may materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 21 ---
9 
In addition, there are certain provisions under Chilean Law No. 19,335 that may limit our ability to foreclose upon 
and dispose of mortgaged residential property if the real estate in question has been declared “family property” by a court. 
There can also be no assurance that the assumptions relied on to assess the value of such collateral are accurate measures and 
thus the value of such collateral may be evaluated inaccurately. Consequently, the price at which we are able to sell any 
collateral in the event of an attachment or foreclosure may be lower than the valuation of such collateral.  All of this may 
have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
A sudden shortage of deposits could cause an increase in costs of funding and an adverse effect on our revenues. 
Deposits (current accounts and demand deposits plus term deposits and saving accounts as shown in our consolidated 
financial statements) are our primary source of funding, representing 57.7% of our total liabilities as of December 31, 2023.  
As of the same date, 76.0% of our deposits had remaining maturities of one year or less or were payable on demand.  A 
significant portion of our assets have longer maturities, resulting in a mismatch between the maturities of liabilities and the 
maturities of assets.  If a substantial number of our depositors withdraw their demand deposits or do not roll over their deposits 
upon maturity, our liquidity position, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.  
For example, large-denominations in deposits from institutional investors may be a less stable source of funding than savings 
and bonds under some circumstances, such as during periods of significant changes in market interest rates for these types of 
deposits and any resulting increased competition for these funds.  In the event of a sudden or unexpected shortage of funds 
in the banking system, the money markets in which we operate may not be able to maintain the levels of funding and we may 
not have access to funding without incurring higher costs or the liquidation of certain assets.  If this were to happen, our 
results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.  
Liquidity risk may impair our ability to fund our operations and adversely affect our financial condition. 
Ready access to funds is essential to any banking business, including ours.  We rely on access to financial markets 
for short- and long-term financing.  An inability on our part to access funds or to access the markets from which we raise 
funds may put our positions in assets at risk and lead us to be unable to finance our operations adequately.  These and other 
factors also could lead creditors to form a negative view of our liquidity, which could result in less favorable credit ratings, 
higher borrowing costs and less accessible funds.  We may be unable to secure additional funding in the capital markets if 
conditions in these markets or our credit ratings were to deteriorate.  As an integral part of our liquidity management strategy 
involves accessing capital markets in order to ensure that a significant portion of our funding matures at a predictable rate, 
an inability to secure funding at favorable rates in the capital markets could affect the soundness of our liquidity position and 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, our ability to raise or access funds may be impaired by factors that are not specific to our operations, 
such as general market conditions, severe disruption of the financial markets or negative views about the prospects of the 
industries to which we provide a large proportion of our loans.  Strains on our liquidity caused by any of these factors or 
otherwise could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
We have exposure to certain clients and groups of related companies. 
We have loan exposure to certain groups of companies that are related to each other and/or under common control.  
As of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, our loans to borrowers in each of the related companies with respect to which we 
had our highest levels of loan exposure accounted for 5.9%, 4.8% and 4.6%, respectively, of our total loan portfolio. The 
percentage of these loans to borrowers as of December 31, 2023 considers clients with loans of more than Ch$5,000 million.  
The deterioration of the financial condition of one or more of these related companies and/or their principal shareholders 
could materially and adversely affect the group of related companies which in turn could adversely affect our asset quality, 
results of operations and financial condition.  
Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, 
defaults or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our current 
and projected business operations and its financial condition and results of operations. 
Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. 
We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in 
the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks, and other institutional 
clients. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, 
our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be readily realized or liquidated at prices which 
allow us to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due to us. Any such losses could have a material

--- Page 22 ---
10 
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the capital and credit markets have recently 
experienced extreme volatility and economic disruption. Inflation and rapid increases in interest rates have also led to a 
decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest rates below current market interest rates, 
which may result in additional liquidity concerns for us and/or in the broader financial services industry.  
On March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank (“SVB”) was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection 
and Innovation and the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) was appointed as receiver. On March 12, 2023, 
Signature Bank (“Signature Bank”) was closed by the New York State Department of Financial Services and the FDIC was 
appointed as receiver. Also on March 12, 2023, U.S. Secretary of the Treasury Janet L. Yellen, Federal Reserve Board Chair 
Jerome H. Powell, and FDIC Chairman Martin J. Gruenberg released a joint statement  to the effect that depositors at SVB 
and Signature Bank will be made whole, and that any losses to the FDIC’s Deposit Insurance Fund used to support depositors 
above the FDIC-insured limit will be recovered by a special assessment on banks. To ensure availability of liquidity following 
these developments, the Federal Reserve announced on March 12, 2023, the creation of a Bank Term Funding Program 
offering loans of up to one year to eligible depository institutions. Later in March, the FDIC entered into a purchase and 
assumption agreement with Flagstar Bank, National Association, for substantially all deposits and certain loan portfolios 
formerly held by Signature Bank. The FDIC also entered into a purchase and assumption agreement with First-Citizens Bank 
& Trust Company for all deposits and loans formerly held by SVB, subject to a loss-share agreement. On March 19, 2023, 
UBS Group AG announced that it had agreed to acquire Credit Suisse Group AG, with support from the government of 
Switzerland, following deterioration of the financial condition of Credit Suisse. On May 1, 2023, JPMorgan Chase announced 
that it acquired the substantial majority of assets and assumed the deposits and certain other liabilities of First Republic Bank 
from the FDIC. 
The impact of these developments, including any subsequent policy responses, represents a significant source of 
uncertainty for the economy, particularly for banking institutions and, more broadly, the financial markets. Our business, our 
business partners, or the broader financial services industry as a whole may be adversely impacted by such developments, 
including resulting from overall declines in confidence in the global banking system, in ways that we cannot predict at this 
time. Even without additional bank closures, uncertainty caused by recent bank failures – and general concern regarding the 
financial health and outlook for other financial institutions – could have an overall negative effect on banking systems and 
financial markets generally, both in the U.S. and internationally.  
These type of developments may also have other implications for broader economic and monetary policy, including 
interest rate policy, and may impact the financial condition of banks and other financial institutions outside of the United 
States.  There is no guarantee that the U.S. or other international governmental authorities will provide access to uninsured 
funds or other governmental support in the future in the event of the failure or financial distress of other banks or financial 
institutions, or that they would do so in a timely fashion. 
Our FDIC deposit insurance premiums and assessments may increase, which would reduce our profitability. 
The deposits of CNB are insured by the FDIC up to legal limits and, accordingly, subject to the payment of FDIC 
deposit insurance assessments. CNB’s regular assessments are determined by its risk classification, which is based on a 
number of factors, including regulatory capital levels, asset growth and asset quality. On March 12, 2023, the Department of 
the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC issued a joint statement relating to the resolution of SVB, Santa Clara, 
California, and Signature Bank, which stated that losses to support uninsured deposits of those banks would be recovered via 
a special assessment on banks. During 2023, CNB’s credit risk provision expense remained stable, but there was a higher 
operating expenditure of Ch$17,526 million, mainly due to a one-time effect of a FDIC fee (US$19.8 million). In addition, 
other changes to the assessment regime, including as a result of additional bank failures and any potential increase in the 
statutory deposit insurance limits or rates are likely to result in increased deposit insurance costs to CNB. The announced 
special assessment, as well as any future special assessments, increases in assessment rates or required prepayments in FDIC 
insurance premiums could reduce our profitability or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities, which could 
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
If we are unable to maintain the quality of our loan portfolio, our financial condition and results of operations may be 
materially and adversely affected. 
As of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, our impaired loans were Ch$1,502,866 million, Ch$1,562,680 million 
and Ch$1,796,958 million, respectively, and the ratio of our impaired loans to total loans was 3.7%, 3.4% and 3.6%, 
respectively.  Although we seek to continue to improve our credit risk management policies, procedures and systems, they 
may have deficiencies. Failure of credit risk management policies is likely to result in an increase in the level of impaired 
loans and adversely affect the quality of our loan portfolio. The quality of our loan portfolio may also deteriorate due to

--- Page 23 ---
11 
various other reasons, including factors beyond our control, such as the macroeconomic factors affecting Chile’s economy. 
Any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The effectiveness of our credit risk management is affected by the quality and scope of information available in Chile. 
In assessing customers’ creditworthiness, we rely largely on the credit information available from our own internal 
databases, on consolidated information from borrowers provided by the CMF, Dicom (a Chilean nationwide credit bureau) 
and other sources. Some of this information is provided with some time lag and does not consolidate all financial indebtedness 
of our borrowers. Additionally, the accuracy of financial information provided by our borrowers depends on the level of 
financial education and data management and information sophistication each borrower has, which may be lower in the retail 
segments. Due to these limitations in the availability of information, timing, quality and accuracy, our assessment of the credit 
risks associated with our customers may not be based on complete, accurate or reliable information. In addition, our credit 
scoring systems may not be able to collect complete or accurate information reflecting the actual behavior of customers and 
customers’ credit risk may be assessed incorrectly. Additionally, information from the past and present is not necessarily the 
best indicator of future financial condition, particularly in changing environment and in a particularly exceptional scenario 
where we face economic slowdowns, periods of recession, high inflation levels or increased interest rates, and a certain level 
of uncertainty in the political and regulatory environments. As a result, our ability to effectively manage our credit risk may 
be materially and adversely affected. 
We may generate less income from fee- and other commission-based transactions. 
Market downturns as well as below-market performance of the assets we manage usually result in a decrease in the 
number of transactions carried out by us on behalf of our clients and, consequently, a decrease in our fee income. Furthermore, 
as the portfolio management fees charged by us to our clients are often based on the value or performance of these portfolios, 
below-market performance which reduces the value of our client portfolios or which increases the number of fund 
withdrawals may reduce our income derived from portfolio management, private banking and securities deposits. Below-
market performance of our investment funds may also cause client investments to be withdrawn or reduced, thereby reducing 
our asset management income. 
The legal restrictions on the exposure of Chilean pension funds may affect our access to funding. 
Chilean regulations impose restrictions on the share of assets that a Chilean pension fund management company 
(Administradora de Fondos de Pensión, or “AFPs,” and each, an “AFP”) may allocate to a single issuer, which is currently 
7.0% per fund managed by an AFP (including any securities issued by the issuer and any bank deposits with the issuer of the 
securities). If the exposure of an AFP to a single issuer exceeds the 7.0% limit, the AFP is required to reduce its exposure 
below the limit within three years.  If the exposure of any AFP to us exceeds the regulatory limit or the regulatory limit is 
reduced, we would need to seek alternative sources of funding, which could be more expensive and, as a consequence, may 
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. As of December 31, 2023, no AFP that 
had term deposits with us had exceeded the regulatory limit. 
Pension funds must also comply with other investment limits.  As of December 31, 2023, the limit on investments 
abroad was within a range of 9.8% to 83.4%, depending on the nature of the fund.  If the AFPs significantly change the 
composition of their portfolios and withdraw a considerable part of their term deposits with us, we may not be able to 
substitute these institutional funds with retail deposits, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
In January 2020, the Chilean government introduced a new bill to the Chilean Congress to reform the country’s 
pension system. The potential adverse effect of the proposed law on our financial condition and results of operations cannot 
yet be ascertained.  For more information, see “—Chile’s banking regulatory and capital markets environment is continually 
evolving, and new regulation of the financial services industry in Chile could increase our costs and result in lower profits.” 
In February 2022, the Chilean Congress approved the Law. No. 21,419 in order to make supplemental payments to 
individuals with low pension contributions. Such supplemental payments will be financed with the reallocation of public 
sources and new taxes. As of December 31, 2022, pension fund withdrawals totalized US$48.3 billion, which is equivalent 
to approximately 20% of Chile’s GDP. As of December 31, 2023, there were no pension fund withdrawals.

--- Page 24 ---
12 
We may be unable to meet requirements relating to capital adequacy. 
Chilean banks are required by the Chilean General Banking Law (Ley General de Bancos) to maintain regulatory 
capital of at least 8% of consolidated risk-weighted assets, net of required loan loss allowance and deductions, and paid-in 
capital and reserves (“basic capital”) of at least 4.5% of their risk-weighted assets and 3.0% of their total consolidated assets, 
both net of required loan loss allowances. As of December 31, 2023, the ratio of our regulatory capital to consolidated risk-
weighted assets, net of loan loss allowance and deductions, was 14.42%. As of the same date, we had a basic capital to 
consolidated risk-weighted assets ratio of 11.08%. Certain developments could affect our ability to continue to satisfy the 
current capital adequacy requirements applicable to us, including: 
 
the increase of risk-weighted assets as a result of the expansion of our business; 
 
the failure to increase our capital correspondingly; 
 
losses resulting from a deterioration in our asset quality; 
 
declines in the value of our investment instrument portfolio; 
 
changes in accounting rules; 
 
changes in the guidelines regarding the calculation of the capital adequacy ratios of banks in Chile; and 
 
changes in the guidelines regarding required additional allowances for loan losses. 
In January 2019, the Chilean government passed Law No. 21,130 that amends, among others, the General Banking 
Law (the “Amendment to the General Banking Law”) and establishes new capital regulations for banks in Chile in line 
with Basel III standards.  Pursuant to the Amendment to the General Banking Law, the CMF assumed the authority of the 
Superintendency of Banks and Financial Institutions’s (“SBIF”), the former Chilean regulator for banks and financial 
institutions, as of June 1, 2019, and the CMF (or other regulators, as applicable) must enact all applicable regulations 
implementing the changes provided for in the Amendment to the General Banking Law.  The implementation of the Basel III 
standards has been scheduled for December 31, 2025. 
Further, pursuant to articles 66 bis and ter of the General Banking Law, we will also be required to maintain a 
conservation buffer corresponding to a fixed amount equal to 2.5% of our risk-weighted assets, over the effective equity 
required in accordance with article 66 of the General Banking Law, using basic capital. Additionally, in May 2023 the Central 
Bank of Chile activated the countercyclical buffer, which incresed the basic capital requirement to 0.5% of the risk-weighted 
assets effective as of May 2024.  In order for us to maintain our solvency classification at level A (the highest level), we must 
fully satisfy the aforementioned capital buffers. If we have a deficit in compliance with the capital buffers, distribution of 
profits for the year will be limited, and our shares will be restricted from being acquired by its controlling shareholders, unless 
we have prior authorization from the CMF.  
See “Regulation and Supervision—The Banking System—Capital Adequacy Requirements.”   
We may be required to raise additional capital in the future in order to maintain our capital adequacy ratios above 
the minimum required levels.  Our ability to raise additional capital may be limited by numerous factors, including: our future 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; any necessary government regulatory approvals; our credit ratings; 
general market conditions for capital raising activities by commercial banks and other financial institutions; and domestic 
and international economic, political and other conditions. 
If we require additional capital in the future, we may not be able to obtain such capital on favorable terms, in a timely 
manner or at all.  Furthermore, the CMF may increase the minimum capital adequacy requirements applicable to us and we 
may face difficulties in meeting these requirements in the future.  If we fail to meet the capital adequacy requirements, we 
may be required to take corrective actions.  These measures could materially and adversely affect our business reputation, 
financial condition and results of operations.  In addition, if we are unable to raise sufficient capital in a timely manner, the 
growth of our loan portfolio and other risk-weighted assets may be restricted, and we may face significant challenges in 
implementing our business strategy.  As a result, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and 
adversely affected.

--- Page 25 ---
13 
The Pillar II banking supervision process will be carried out annually by the CMF, and may impose additional equity 
requirements on those banks that have risks not sufficiently covered with the requirements set forth in Pillar II. Such 
requirements may be satisfied through additional basic capital, or with AT1 (perpetual bonds and preferred shares) and/or T2 
instruments (subordinated bonds and voluntary provisions). The equity requirement imposed on the Bank may not exceed 
4% of its risk-weighted assets. In April 2021, banks in Chile delivered their first Effective Equity Self-Assessment Report, 
which describes the process to identify, measure and add risks, and determine the effective equity necessary to cover them in 
the short and medium-term horizon (at least three years). On January 17, 2024, as result of the evaluation by the CMF of the 
business models of the Chilean banks, the CMF by Resolution No. 779, started to apply capital requirements to nine Chilean 
banks in accordance with Pillar II. These Chilean banks must comply with such equity requirements no later than June 30, 
2024. The regulatory requirements for us under Pillar II is 0%. 
Our trading activities expose us to volatility in market prices, declines in market liquidity, large losses, or fluctuations in 
foreign currency exchange rates, which may result in losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
As part of our treasury operations, we trade various financial instruments and other assets, including debt, fixed 
income, currency and related derivatives both as agent and as principal, and we derive a portion of our non-interest income 
from trading revenues.  Our Assets and Liabilities Committee sets position limits for Chilean pesos, UF and foreign currency-
denominated securities in accordance with our overall risk management policy as well as the requirements of the CMF.  In 
addition, a major part of our trading activity is related to customer transactions and we may still be exposed to a number of 
risks related to the variation of market prices in the underlying instruments, including the risk of unfavorable market price 
movements relative to our long or short positions, a decline in the market liquidity of the related instruments, volatility in 
market prices, interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates relating to these positions and the risk that the instruments 
that we use to hedge certain positions do not provide an effective hedge to the risk of those positions.  If we incur any losses 
from these exposures, it would reduce our trading activity revenues or cause us to suffer losses from trading activities, either 
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
We have committed substantial amounts of capital to our businesses such as arbitrage, market-making, underwriting, 
lending and other trading and principal activities and may continue to do so in the future. These types of businesses often 
require us to take large positions in the securities of a particular issuer or issuers in a particular industry, country or region. 
Moreover, the trend in all major capital markets is towards larger and more frequent commitments of capital in many of these 
activities. Holding large and concentrated positions in any particular issuer may expose us to large losses that could adversely 
affect us.  
Our business is highly dependent on proper functioning and improvement of information technology systems. 
Our business is highly dependent on the ability of our information technology systems to accurately process a large 
number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets and products in a timely manner. The proper functioning of our 
financial control, risk management, accounting, customer service and other data processing systems is critical to our business 
and our ability to compete effectively. A partial or a complete failure of any of these primary systems could materially and 
adversely affect our decision-making process, our risk management and internal control systems as well as our ability to 
respond on a timely basis to changing market conditions. In addition, we may experience difficulties in upgrading, developing 
and expanding our information technology systems quickly enough to accommodate our growing customer base. 
We have an architecture that operates based on cloud-based and on-premise data centers which cover our critical 
and non-critical systems, and multichannel services that are used on an ongoing basis 24-hours a day, seven days per week, 
which allows us to run the business and also covers the event of a catastrophe or a failure of our primary systems in a 
distributed model. However, we do not operate all of our back-up systems on a real-time basis and our business activities 
may be materially disrupted if there were a partial or complete failure of any of these primary information technology systems 
or communication networks. System failures may occur as a result of a variety of causes including software bugs, computer 
virus or other cyberattacks or conversion errors due to system upgrading. The corporate cybersecurity strategy is based on 
the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (“FFIEC”) and the risks mentioned before are permanently monitored 
by three defense lines (Cybersecurity, Information Security and Risk Compliance). In addition, any security breach caused 
by unauthorized access to information or systems, or intentional malfunctions or loss or corruption of data, software, hardware 
or other computer equipment could have a material adverse effect on our business.  If we cannot maintain an effective data 
collection and management system or if there is any substantial failure to improve or upgrade our information technology 
systems effectively or on a timely basis to meet the changing circumstances of our business, our business, our ability to 
compete, our financial condition and our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

--- Page 26 ---
14 
We continue to improve our security controls in order to mitigate the risks of cyberattacks, including through remote 
connections and service providers. Cybersecurity training was focused on remote work issues and we were able to maintain 
the existing pre-pandemic controls, which include disaster recovery plan testing, vendor reviews, ethical hacking and cyber 
defense combat. As a result, we did not experience any material cybersecurity incidents during 2021, 2022 and 2023. 
Failure to protect personal information could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
The secure transmission of confidential information over the internet is essential to maintain our clients’ confidence 
in our online services. We manage and hold confidential personal information of customers in the conduct of our banking 
operations, and offer various internet-based services to our clients, including online banking services. We are responsible for 
protecting customers’ proprietary information as well as their accounts with us. As a result, we could be liable for breaches 
of security in our online banking services, including cybersecurity breaches.  
We have a cybersecurity strategy based on the FFIEC, and have security measures and processes in place to defend 
against these cybersecurity risks. However, these cyber-attacks (including computer viruses, malicious code, phishing or 
other information security threats) are rapidly evolving, and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks, 
which could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of our or our customers’ 
confidential, proprietary and other information.  In 2018, we and several other Chilean banks were subject to attempted 
cyberattacks.  In 2020, other Chilean banks, customers and suppliers, were subject to malware threats, DDOS attacks and 
attacks directed at cybersecurity companies. Due to our security measures and processes, our systems were not breached.  
During 2021, 2022 and 2023, we did not experience any material cybersecurity incidents.  However, failure to protect against 
or mitigate breaches of security or other unauthorized disclosures could constitute a breach of privacy or other laws, subject 
us to legal actions and administrative sanctions as well as damages, adversely affect our ability to offer and grow our online 
services, result in the loss of customer relationships, negatively impact our reputation, and have an adverse effect on our 
business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Operational problems or errors can have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Like all large financial institutions, we are exposed to many types of operational risks, including the risk of fraud by 
employees and outsiders, failure to obtain proper internal authorizations, failure to properly document transactions, equipment 
failures and errors by employees.  Fraud or other misconduct by our employees or third parties may be difficult to detect and 
prevent and subject us to financial losses and sanctions imposed by governmental authorities. Furthermore, potential or actual 
fraud or other misconduct by our employees may seriously harm our reputation.  Although we maintain a system of 
operational controls, operational problems or errors may occur and their occurrence may have a materially adverse impact on 
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Changes in accounting standards could impact reported earnings. 
The accounting standard setters and other regulatory bodies periodically change the financial accounting and 
reporting standards that govern the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. During 2021, the CMF issued 
Circular No. 2,295 pursuant to which it amended the Compendium of Accounting Standards (Compendio de Normas 
Contables) (the “New Compendium”). Chapter E of the New Compendium amends the accounting regulations that remained 
in force until December 31, 2021. The first application date of the New Compendium is January 1, 2022, with a transition 
date from January 1, 2021 for the purposes of comparative financial statements reports. The New Compendium incorporates 
a greater convergence to IFRS, as well as certain amendments to the disclosure of financial information. The main changes 
introduced by the New Compendium are: (i) new presentation formats for the statement of other comprehensive income and 
the statement of changes in equity, as well as new guidelines for investing and financing activities in the statement of cash 
flows and changes in the presentation format for the statements of financial position and statements of income; (ii) 
modifications to the accounting system of standardized financial statements and the disaggregation of certain complementary 
information included in the New Compendium; and (iii) changes in the classification, measurement and presentation of 
financial instruments in the statements of financial position and statements of income upon adoption of International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) 9 – Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”) superseding IAS 39 (except for Chapter 5.5 with respect 
to impairment). These amendments are expected to facilitate the implementation of Basel III. For more information, see notes 
1 and 4 to our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2023 and 2022.

--- Page 27 ---
15 
Our insurance coverage may not adequately cover losses resulting from the risks for which we are insured. 
We maintain insurance policies for our operations, including insurance for property, our money transport and 
directors’ and officers’ liability, as well as insurance against computer crimes and for employee dishonesty and mistakes, 
theft and fraudulent use of credit cards, central processing and automatic teller errors and our vehicles.  Due to the nature of 
our operations and the nature of the risks that we face, there can be no assurance that the coverage that we maintain is adequate 
to cover the losses for which we believe we are insured. 
Banking regulations may restrict our operations and thereby adversely affect our financial condition and results of 
operations. 
We are subject to regulation by the CMF.  In addition, we are subject to regulation by the Central Bank of Chile 
with regard to certain matters, including reserve requirements, interest rates, foreign exchange mismatches and market risks. 
New regulations could require us to inject further capital into our business as well as in businesses we acquire, restrict the 
type or volume of transactions we enter into, or set limits on or require the modification of rates or fees that we charge on 
certain loans or other products, any of which could lower the return on our investments, assets and equity and, as a result, 
materially affect our financial condition and results of operations in the future.  
Pursuant to the General Banking Law, all Chilean banks may, subject to the approval of the CMF, engage in certain 
businesses in addition to commercial banking depending on the risk associated with such business and their financial strength. 
Such additional businesses include securities brokerage, mutual fund management, retirement fund plans, securitization, 
insurance brokerage, leasing and factoring.  There can be no assurance that regulators will not in the future impose more 
restrictive limitations on the activities of banks, including us.  The General Banking Law also applies to the Chilean banking 
system a modified version of the capital adequacy guidelines issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Regulation and 
Supervisory Practices and limits the discretion of the CMF to deny new banking licenses. 
In Chile, higher capital requirements, heightened disclosure standards and restrictions on certain types of transaction 
structures have been imposed in the recent past.  For example, on May 29, 2020, Law No. 21,234, which amended Law No. 
20,009, established that transactions that customers of payment services, including those made by electronic means, do not 
recognize must be returned to the holder of the credit or debit card that was used in the transaction. This law does not allow 
payment service providers, such as banks, to offer fraud insurance for the use of credit or debit cards and holds payment 
service providers liable for damages caused as a result of security and protection deficiencies in their technological systems 
through which payment services are provided.  
On May 23, 2023, the Central Bank of Chile agreed to activate the Countercyclical Capital Requirement at a level 
of 0.5% of risk-weighted assets, due within one year. The Countercyclical Capital Requirement is a macroprudential 
requirement aimed at increasing the economy’s resilience to severe stress scenarios resulting from systemic risks. 
Furthermore, the CMF regulations may also impose restrictions that may adversely affect our business. For instance, 
Circular No. 3,573 passed by the former SBIF, dated December 30, 2014, amended the Compendium of Accounting Standards 
(Compendio de Normas Contables) (the “Old Compendium”) to establish a standard method to calculate allowances for 
residential loans applicable from 2016, and to incorporate new instructions on provisions and allowances on impaired 
portfolio.  
In 2021, the CMF issued Circular No. 2,295, which updated the compendium of accounting standards for banks and 
made changes to the accounting regulations that remained in force until December 31, 2021 according to the Chapter E of 
the New Compendium. See “—Changes in accounting standards could impact reported earnings.” The first application date 
of this updated version is January 1, 2022, with a transition date from January 1, 2021 for the purposes of comparative 
financial statements reports to be published as of the first quarterly interim period of 2022. 
With regard to our business in the United States, comprehensive financial regulatory reform legislation was enacted 
on July 21, 2010.  Known as the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”), the 
law has significantly changed the regulation of financial institutions and the U.S. financial services industry in general.  The 
Dodd-Frank Act includes provisions affecting large and small financial institutions alike, including provisions that affect the 
lending, deposit, investment, trading and operating activities of banks and their holding companies.  
The Dodd-Frank Act, as well as future related legislation, may have an adverse effect on the financial services 
industry, generally, and/or on Bci’s U.S. operations, specifically.  The current regulatory environment in the United States 
may be impacted by future legislative developments, such as amendments to key provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. For

--- Page 28 ---
16 
example, on May 24, 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the “Reform Act”) was 
signed into law.  Among other regulatory changes, the Reform Act amends various sections of the Dodd-Frank Act, including 
by, in some ways, reducing the regulatory burden on smaller financial institutions.  In October 2019, the Federal Reserve 
Board issued a final rule to implement the Reform Act’s changes to the application of enhanced prudential standards with 
respect to U.S. bank holding companies and the U.S. operations of non-U.S. banking organizations, including capital, 
liquidity, and risk management requirements.  The ultimate consequences of the Reform Act and other legislative and 
regulatory developments on Bci and our activities (particularly of our U.S. banking operations) remain uncertain.  There can 
be no assurance that regulators will not in the future impose more restrictive limitations on the activities of banks, including 
us, or that we will not in the future be subject to further enhanced governmental scrutiny and/or increased regulation, including 
resulting from changes in U.S. executive administration or Congressional leadership.  Any such change could have a material 
adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
For more information about the current U.S. and Chilean banking legal framework, see “Regulation and 
Supervision.” 
We are subject to regulatory inspections and examinations. 
We are subject to various inspections, examinations, inquiries, audits and other regulatory requirements by Chilean 
regulatory authorities.  With respect to our U.S. operations, we are subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”) as a result of our ownership and control of CNB, 
a U.S. national bank subsidiary that is subject to regulatory oversight by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the 
“OCC”).  In addition, our Miami branch is subject to examinations by the Federal Reserve and the Florida Office of Financial 
Regulation.  CNB is subject to examination by the OCC.  We may not be able to meet all of the applicable regulatory 
requirements and guidelines, and we may be subject to sanctions, fines and restrictions on our business or other penalties in 
the future as a result of our noncompliance.  If sanctions, fines, restrictions on our business or other penalties are imposed on 
us for failure to comply with applicable requirements, guidelines or regulations, our financial condition and results of 
operations, and our reputation and ability to engage in business, may be materially and adversely affected.  
Our loan and investment portfolios are subject to risk of prepayment, which may result in reinvestment of assets on less 
profitable terms. 
Our loan and investment portfolios are subject to prepayment risk, which results from the ability of a borrower or 
issuer to pay a debt obligation prior to maturity.  Generally, in a declining interest rate environment, prepayment activity 
increases, which reduces the weighted average lives of our earning assets and adversely affects our operating results.  
Prepayment risk also has an adverse impact on our residential mortgage portfolio, since prepayments could shorten the 
weighted average life of this portfolio, which may result in a mismatch in funding or in reinvestment at lower yields.  
Prepayment risk is inherent to our commercial activity and an increase in prepayments could have a material adverse effect 
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Political uncertainty and monetary policy normalization in the United States may adversely affect the results of operations 
of City National Bank of Florida. 
City National Bank of Florida’s business and financial performance are impacted by market interest rates and 
movements in those rates.  Since a high percentage of City National Bank of Florida’s assets and liabilities are interest bearing 
or otherwise sensitive in value to changes in interest rates, such changes in rates, in the shape of the yield curve or in spreads 
between different types of rates can have a material impact on its results of operations and the values of its assets and 
liabilities.  
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors over which City National Bank of Florida has no control and which 
we may not be able to anticipate adequately, including general economic conditions and the monetary and tax policies of 
various governmental bodies, particularly the Federal Reserve. In response to the recession in 2008 and the following uneven 
recovery, the Federal Reserve implemented a series of domestic monetary initiatives. Several of these have emphasized so-
called quantitative easing strategies, which ended during 2014. Between 2015 and 2019, the Federal Reserve raised rates nine 
times and decreased rates three times, in each case by a modest 25 basis points. However, in 2019 the Federal Reserve 
reversed course, lowering rates in a sign that growth was beginning to slow. On March 15, 2020, in response to the escalating 
outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Federal Reserve reduced short-term rates to a range between 0% and 0.25%, which 
have been maintained since then.  A policy change was announced in August 2020 to the way the Federal Reserve sets interest 
rates that will likely keep interest rates in the U.S. relatively low until it is confident that the economy is on track to achieve

--- Page 29 ---
17 
its maximum employment and price stability goals, and launched a new round of quantitative easing to purchase US$700 
billion worth of asset purchases including U.S. Treasury securities and mortgage-backed securities. On June 10, 2020, the 
Federal Reserve extended its quantitative easing program, committing to buy at least US$80 billion of Treasury Securities 
and US$40 billion in mortgage-backed securities. Since then, the economic recovery has accelerated and GDP increased by 
5.7% in 2021. Inflation, however, increased to 7.2% in 2021. In response, the Federal Reserve announced the end of the 
quantitative easing program by March 2022 and raised the federal funds rate several times during 2022 in order to curb 
inflationary pressures. As of December 31, 2022, the federal funds rate reached 4.50%, and in February, March, May and 
July 2023 the rate was increased to 4.75%, 5.0%, 5.25% and 5.50%, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the federal funds 
rate remained at 5.50%. In addition, in December  2022, the Federal Reserve raised the interest rate paid on reserve balances 
to 4.4%, and in February, May, and July 2023, the Federal Reserve further raised the interest rate paid on reserve balances to 
4.65%, 5.15% and 5.4%, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the interest rate paid on reserve balances remained at 5.4%. 
City National Bank of Florida’s earnings and cash flows depend upon the level of its net interest income.  Low levels 
of market interest rates may limit our ability to add higher yielding assets to the balance sheet and may exacerbate downward 
pressure on City National Bank of Florida’s interest margin and have a negative impact on its net interest income in the future.  
A flattening or inversion of the yield curve or a negative interest rate environment in the United States could create downward 
pressure on City National Bank of Florida’s interest margin. 
See also “—Banking regulations may restrict our operations and thereby adversely affect our financial condition 
and results of operations.” 
The geographic concentration of City National Bank of Florida’s markets in Florida makes its business highly susceptible 
to local economic conditions. 
Unlike some larger financial institutions that are more geographically diversified, City National Bank of Florida’s 
operations are concentrated in Florida.  Additionally, a significant portion of City National Bank of Florida’s loans secured 
by real estate are secured by commercial and residential properties in this geographic region.  Accordingly, the ability of 
borrowers to repay their loans, and the value of the collateral securing such loans, may be significantly affected by economic 
conditions in this region or by changes in the local real estate markets.  
The business and earnings of City National Bank of Florida are directly affected by general conditions in the U.S. 
economy and, in particular, economic conditions in Florida.  These conditions include legislative and regulatory changes, 
inflation, and changes in government and monetary and fiscal policies, increases in unemployment rates, and declines in real 
estate values, all of which are beyond our control.  Florida has historically experienced deeper recessions and more dramatic 
slowdowns in economic activity than other states.  The Florida economy and City National Bank of Florida’s sub-markets in 
particular have been affected by downturns in commercial and residential property values, and the decline in real estate values 
in Florida during such downturns was higher than the national average.  Additionally, the Florida economy relies heavily on 
tourism and seasonal residents.  Disruption or deterioration in economic conditions in the Florida markets we serve, including 
declines in home prices and the volume of home sales in Florida, could result in one or more of the following: 
● 
an increase in loan delinquencies;  
● 
an increase in problem assets and foreclosures;  
● 
a decrease in the demand for our products and services; or  
● 
a decrease in the value of collateral for loans, especially real estate, in turn reducing customers’ borrowing 
power, the value of assets associated with problem loans and collateral coverage. 
In addition, declines in home prices coupled with high or increased unemployment levels and increased interest rates 
can cause losses which adversely affect our earnings and financial condition, including our capital and liquidity.  Because of 
City National Bank of Florida’s concentration in Florida, it is less able to respond or diversify credit risk among multiple 
markets.  These factors could result in an increase in the provision for loan losses, thus reducing net income.

--- Page 30 ---
18 
 Exposure to government debt could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
We invest in debt securities issued by the Chilean government, and other government debt securities that, for the 
most part, are short-term and highly liquid instruments.  If these governments default on the timely payment of such securities, 
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
Our anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing measures may not prevent third parties from using us as a conduit 
for those activities, which could damage our reputation and expose us to fines, sanctions or legal enforcement, which, in 
turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
We believe that we are in compliance with applicable anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing laws and 
regulations and we have adopted various policies and procedures, including internal controls and “know-your customer” 
procedures, aimed at preventing money laundering and terrorist financing.  We believe that our anti-money laundering 
policies and procedures are based upon, and are in material compliance with, the applicable provisions of Chilean law and, 
as applicable, with the provisions of laws of the other countries in which we operate, including applicable U.S. law in 
connection with our U.S. operations.  In addition, because we also rely on our correspondent banks having their own 
appropriate anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing procedures, we use what we believe are commercially 
reasonable procedures for monitoring our correspondent banks. Despite these measures, procedures and compliance, third 
parties may use us (and our correspondent banks) as a conduit for money laundering (including illegal cash operations) or 
terrorist financing without our (and our correspondent banks’) knowledge.  If we were to be associated with money laundering 
(including illegal cash operations) or terrorist financing, our reputation could be harmed and we could become subject to 
fines, sanctions or legal enforcement (including being added to any “blacklists” that would prohibit certain parties from 
engaging in transactions with us), which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results 
of operation. 
Any loss of key personnel may materially and adversely affect our business. 
Our success depends, in large measure, on the skills, experience and efforts of our senior management team and 
other key personnel.  While we believe that we have depth throughout our management team and in all key skill levels of our 
employees, the loss of the services of key members of our senior management or of employees with critical skills could have 
a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  If we are not able to attract or retain highly 
skilled, talented and committed senior managers or other key personnel, our ability to fully implement our business objectives 
may be materially and adversely affected.  
A worsening of labor relations in Chile could impact our business. 
As of December 31, 2023, 648 of our 11,423 employees in Chile were unionized. We have traditionally enjoyed 
good relations with our employees and their unions. We have entered into three collective bargaining agreements with the 
Chilean Union of Workers Banco de Crédito y Inversiones, which expires in September 2025, the Union No. 1 of Workers 
of Banco de Credito e Inversiones, which expires in May 2025, and the Union of Financial Services Corporation Bci 
(Santiago), which expires in November 2025. We cannot assure you that our employees will initiate strikes or work stoppages 
in the future. Any strike or work stoppage by our unionized or other employees could materially and adversely affect our 
business, financial condition or results of operations.  
We engage in transactions with related parties that could result in conflicts of interest. 
Certain parties related to us have been involved, directly or indirectly, in credit transactions with us.  In accordance 
with the General Banking Law, related parties include directors, certain principal executive officers and holders that own, 
directly or indirectly, more than 5% of our shares, and companies controlled (for purposes of the General Banking Law) by 
any of them. The CMF regulates related-party transactions and establishes a limit on aggregate related-party transactions 
equivalent to 5.0% of a bank’s regulatory capital (and up to 25.0% of our regulatory capital if any loan granted in excess of 
the 5.0% is secured by collateral) (on an unconsolidated basis, which includes subsidiaries as related parties). Our loans to 
related parties (excluding loans receivables from Banks), on a consolidated basis, represented 4.9%, 3.7% and 4.2% of our 
regulatory capital as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 
As of December 31, 2023, our outstanding loans to related parties were Ch$313,848 million in the aggregate, 
representing 0.64% of our total loan portfolio.

--- Page 31 ---
19 
We believe we are in compliance with all related-party transaction requirements imposed by the General Banking 
Law and the CMF.  Although we intend to enter into transactions with related parties only on terms similar to those that 
would be offered by or to an unaffiliated third party, such transactions create the potential for, or could result in, conflicts of 
interest.  See “Related Party Transactions.” 
Our principal shareholders have substantial influence over our management, and the interests of our principal 
shareholders may differ from those of the holders of the Notes. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, 63.57% of our outstanding common shares were beneficially owned, directly or 
indirectly, by members of the Yarur family. Common shares are our only class of capital stock and the holders are entitled to 
elect our board of directors.  As our controlling shareholder group, the Yarur family controls our business through its power 
to elect a majority of our board of directors and to determine the outcome of almost all actions that require shareholder 
approval.  See “Principal Shareholders” and “Related Party Transactions.” In circumstances involving a conflict of interest 
between the controlling shareholders and other shareholders or the holders of the Notes, the controlling shareholders may 
exercise their ability to control us in a manner that would benefit the controlling shareholders to the detriment of other 
shareholders or the holders of the Notes.  If members of our controlling shareholder group purchase Notes of any Series, there 
is no restriction on their ability to vote the notes in the event of a modification, amendment or acceleration of the Notes of 
such Series. 
Damage to our reputation connected to various proceedings could cause harm to our business prospects. 
We are exposed to risk of loss from legal and regulatory proceedings, including tax proceedings, which could subject 
us to monetary judgments, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and penalties.  The current regulatory environment in which 
we operate, which reflects an increased supervisory focus on enforcement, may lead to material operational and compliance 
costs.  The impact of any or multiple unfavorable outcomes related to the aforementioned proceedings could cause 
reputational damage which may harm our business prospects. 
Inadequate customer service that negatively affects the customer experience, could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 
A negative customer experience in any of our services, products, news or positioning, due to a certain event or 
perception can affect the continuation of their relationship with us, in addition to influencing other clients to terminate the 
relationship, or impact the beginning of a relationship with us, adversely affecting our business and the ability to meet strategic 
objectives in the medium and long term. Technological and digital developments, the increasingly competitive market and 
the ease of disseminating information and opinions on social networks, among other reasons, considerably increased the 
relevance and scalability of the customer’s opinion about companies and their power to choose products and services. We 
cannot guarantee that internal or external events will not result in a negative experience for the client, nor that the mitigation 
and contingency actions will be effective to reduce any negative effects, which could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 
The occurrence of fraud against our clients may occur outside the reach of our operations, such as the use of our 
name inappropriately by fraudsters (in physical or virtual actions over the Internet) to perform false transactions or send false 
payment slips. This type of fraud can also generate litigation against us which could negatively affect our results of operations 
and reputation, and increase our operating costs. 
Climate change can create transition risks, physical risks, and other risks that could adversely affect us. 
There is increasing concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. 
Climate change may imply three primary drivers of financial risk that could adversely affect us: 
● 
transition risks associated with the move to a low-carbon economy, both at idiosyncratic and systemic levels, 
such as through policy, regulatory and technological changes, which could increase its exposures and impact its 
strategies; 
● 
physical risks related to discrete events, such as flooding and wildfires, and extreme weather impacts and longer 
term shifts in climate patterns, such as extreme heat, rising sea level and more frequent and prolonged drought, 
which could result in financial losses that could impair asset values and the creditworthiness of the our 
customers. Such events could disrupt our operations or those of its customers or third parties on which it relies

--- Page 32 ---
20 
and does business with, including through direct damage to assets and indirect impacts from supply chain 
disruption and market volatility; and 
● 
liability risks derived from parties who may suffer losses from the effects of climate change and may seek 
compensation from those they hold responsible such as state entities, regulators, investors and lenders. 
These primary drivers could result, among others, in the following financial risks: 
● 
credit risks: physical climate change could lead to increased credit exposure and companies with business 
models not aligned with the transition to a low-carbon economy may face a higher risk of reduced corporate 
earnings and business disruption due to new regulations or market shifts; 
● 
market risks: market changes in the most carbon-intensive sectors could affect energy and commodity prices, 
corporate bonds, equities and certain derivatives contracts. Increasing frequency of severe weather events could 
affect macroeconomic conditions, weakening fundamental factors such as economic growth, employment and 
inflation; 
● 
operational risks: severe weather events could directly impact our business continuity and operations; and 
● 
reputational risk: our reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of its practices and decisions 
related to climate change and the environment, or to the practices or involvement of its clients, in certain 
industries or projects associated with causing or exacerbating climate change. 
As climate risk is interconnected with all key risk types, we have developed and continue to enhance processes to 
embed climate risk considerations into its risk management strategies; however, because the timing and severity of climate 
change may not be predictable, its risk management strategies may not be effective in mitigating climate risk exposure. 
Any of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
Risks Relating to Chile 
Our growth and profitability depend on the level of economic activity in Chile and elsewhere. 
A substantial amount of our loans are to borrowers doing business in Chile.  Accordingly, the recoverability of these 
loans in particular, our ability to increase the amount of loans outstanding and our results of operations and financial condition 
in general, are dependent to a significant extent on the level of economic activity in Chile.  The Chilean economy has been 
influenced, to varying degrees, by economic conditions in other countries, especially the United States and China.  
Historically, lower economic growth has adversely affected the overall asset quality of the Chilean financial system and our 
loan portfolio. Changes in Chilean economic growth in the future or developments affecting the Chilean economy, including 
consequences from a monetary policy normalization in the United States or a deceleration of economic growth in China or 
other developed nations to which Chile exports a majority of its goods, could materially and adversely affect our business, 
financial condition or results of operations. Our results of operations and financial condition could also be affected by changes 
in economic or other policies of the Chilean Government, which has exercised and continues to exercise a substantial 
influence over many aspects of the private sector, or other political or economic developments in Chile. 
Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to economic and political 
developments in one country may affect the prices of the securities of issuers in other countries, including Chile.  For example, 
the 1994 devaluation of the Mexican peso, the 1997 crisis in the Asian markets, the 1998 crisis in Russia, the 1999 devaluation 
of the Brazilian real had a significant impact on the Chilean stock market. The 2008 housing crisis in the United States and 
the concerns over the sovereign debt obligations of several European countries (including Greece, Portugal, Spain, Ireland, 
and to a lesser extent, Italy) in the second half of 2011 and 2012 caused a slowdown in world economic growth and a 
significant fall in copper prices which, together with significant tax and social reforms, diminished both investment and 
consumption in Chile.   
Chilean GDP grew 0.6% in 2019. Although Chilean GDP contracted 6.1% in 2020, mainly due to the negative 
effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Chilean economy, similar to other emerging countries, Chilean GDP increased to 
11.3% in 2021. In 2022, Chilean GDP grew 2.1% in comparison to 2021. In 2023, Chilean GDP grew 0.2%, mainly due to

--- Page 33 ---
21 
the impact of high interest rates and political uncertainty on the Chilean economy. Historically, lower economic growth has 
adversely affected the overall asset quality of the Chilean banking system and our loan portfolio.  The table below shows the 
risk index of the banks comprising the Chilean financial system according to information published by the CMF: 
Year Ended 
Risk Index(1) 
December 31, 2019 ...........................................................................................................................................  
2.6% 
December 31, 2020 ...........................................................................................................................................  
2.7% 
December 31, 2021 ...........................................................................................................................................  
2.4% 
December 31, 2022 ...........................................................................................................................................  
2.5% 
December 31, 2023 ...........................................................................................................................................  
2.6% 
 
(1) 
Provisions divided by total loans.   
 
The continuing trade war between the United States and China as well as the evolution of the Chinese economy and 
the impact that a slowdown would have on the price of copper may have an adverse effect on international trade. Persistent 
declines in the price of copper would impact negatively the Chilean economy and would adversely affect investment in the 
Chilean mining sector, which has been a major source of growth in recent years. A second external risk is related to a faster-
than-expected increase in international interest rates and the subsequent adjustment of investment portfolios and capital flows, 
which would adversely affect the Chilean economy. This situation would negatively affect the Chilean economy because of 
the reduced availability of external funds and the effects that a large depreciation of the Chilean peso would have on inflation, 
a phenomenon that would hamper the work of the Chilean Central Bank. 
Additionally, volatility in the global financial markets in recent periods has also resulted in volatility in the credit, 
equity and fixed income markets. In particular, war and armed conflicts have resulted in major disruptions in the global 
financial markets, including in Europe and the United States. See “–We are currently operating in a period of economic 
uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due to the 
ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, and Israel and Hamas, among other events.” 
A deterioration in global business and economic conditions, which may erode consumer and investor confidence 
levels or increased volatility of global financial markets, also could adversely affect financial results for our fee-based 
businesses, including our financial planning products and services. 
In addition, we also have material loan exposure to borrowers doing business in certain foreign countries.  As a 
result, adverse political or economic developments in one or more of such countries where we have material credit exposure 
could have a material adverse effect on the quality of our loan portfolio. Furthermore, crisis and political uncertainty in other 
Latin American countries may have an adverse effect on Chile’s economic activity, the price of our securities or our business. 
Currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and the value 
of our securities. 
Our business is exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Any future changes in the value of the Chilean 
peso against the U.S. dollar will affect the U.S. dollar value of our securities. The Chilean peso has been subject to large 
depreciations and appreciations in the past and could be subject to significant fluctuations in the future.  The main drivers of 
exchange rate volatility in past years were the significant fluctuations of commodity prices, general uncertainty and trade 
imbalances in the global markets, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and political uncertainty surrounding Chile’s new 
constitution and tax and pensions reforms. 
Following the widespread protests and social unrest that began in Chile in October 2019, the value of the Chilean 
peso experienced increased volatility. As a result, the Central Bank of Chile launched a US$20 billion foreign exchange 
intervention program to mitigate exchange rate volatility until January 2021, through spot and forward operations. In January 
2021, the Central Bank of Chile unveiled a new program to reboost international reserves and as of December 2021, 
international reserves reached 16% of total GDP. In July 2022, the Central Bank of Chile launched a US$35 billion foreign 
exchange intervention program to mitigate exchange rate volatility until the end of September 2022, through spot, forward 
and exchange rate swap operations. In June 2023, the Central Bank of Chile launched a US$10 billion foreign exchange 
intervention program to reinforce is international reserves over the next twelve months. 
Our results of operations may be affected by fluctuations in the exchange rates between the peso and the dollar 
despite our policy and Chilean regulations relating to the general avoidance of material exchange rate exposure.  In order to 
avoid material exchange rate exposure, we enter into forward currency exchange transactions.  The following table shows the

--- Page 34 ---
22 
value of the Chilean peso relative to the U.S. dollar, as reported by the Central Bank of Chile as of the last day of the years 
indicated and the appreciation/depreciation of the Chilean peso relative to the U.S. dollar during years periods. 
Year Ended  
Exchange rate (Ch$)  
Year-end 
Appreciation  
(Depreciation) (%) 
December 31, 2019 ................................................................................  
744.62 
(6.6) 
December 31, 2020 ................................................................................  
711.24 
4.5 
December 31, 2021 ................................................................................  
850.25 
(16.6) 
December 31, 2022 ................................................................................  
859.51 
(1.09) 
December 31, 2023 ................................................................................  
884.59 
(2.92) 
 
Source: Central Bank of Chile. 
 
We may decide to change our policy regarding exchange rate exposure.  Regulations that limit such exposures may 
also be amended or eliminated.  Greater exchange rate risk may increase our exposure to the devaluation of the peso, and any 
such devaluation may impair our capacity to service foreign currency obligations and may, therefore, materially and adversely 
affect our financial condition and results of operations.  Notwithstanding the existence of general policies and regulations 
that limit material exchange rate exposures, the economic policies of the Chilean government and any future fluctuations of 
the peso against the dollar could affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
Our business may be affected by political, legal and economic uncertainty, as well as political developments. 
Beginning on October 18, 2019, widespread protests took place in Chile. These protests began over the government’s 
announcement of an increase in subway fares in Santiago and quickly grew into broader unrest over economic inequality, 
including claims about transportation costs, funding for education, health care costs and pension amounts, among others.  
Demonstrations spread across the country and resulted in violent, and sometimes deadly acts, causing significant damage to 
subway stations in Santiago, shops, houses and other public and private property.  The government imposed a state of 
emergency and nighttime curfews in Santiago and other cities; however, protests and violence continued.  
In response, the Chilean government announced a reshuffling of the cabinet and a series of social and economic 
reforms to tackle issues at the heart of the unrest, including cancellation of the increased subway fares, increases in 
government-subsidized pension, a guaranteed minimum monthly income, affordable medical insurance, lowering the price 
of medicine and a cancellation of energy price hikes.  
The Chilean Congress also reached an agreement to reform the Chilean Constitution and convened a nationwide 
referendum to vote for a new Chilean Constitution. On September 4, 2022, a referendum on the approval or rejection of the 
draft constitution proposed by the Constitutional Convention took place, with 61.86% of the votes rejecting it and 38.14% of 
the votes approving it. On December 17, 2023, a second referendum took place, with 55.76% of the votes rejecting it and 
44.24% of the votes approving it. Given that the second proposed draft was rejected, the current Chilean Constitution remains 
in force. Following these results, the President of the Republic, Mr. Gabriel Boric, announced that during his electoral term 
(due to expire in 2026) there will be no more referendums to approve a new Chilean Constitution. We cannot assure you 
whether additional referendums to amend the Chilean Constitution will be held and, if so, what will be the outcome of these 
referendums. 
In addition, Chile’s general elections to elect the president of the country and congressional members were held on 
November 21, 2021. Mr. Gabriel Boric Font was elected as the new President of Chile and took office on March 11, 2022. 
As a result, the Congress members are expected to remain politically split, mainly in the Chilean Senate. 
We cannot predict the extent to which the Chilean economy will be affected by the constitutional and political 
processes currently underway. These processes may result in further social unrest and changes in laws and policies that could 
result in a less favorable environment for private businesses. We cannot assure you that measures taken by the government 
impacting private investment, such as higher taxation, will not be implemented, and we cannot assure you whether the newly-
elected Chilean government will continue to pursue business-friendly and open-market economic policies that stimulate 
economic growth and stability. Further, there can be no assurance that future developments in or affecting the Chilean political 
landscape, including economic, social or political instability in Chile, will not materially and adversely affect our business, 
financial condition and results of operation.

--- Page 35 ---
23 
Chile’s banking regulatory and capital markets environment is continually evolving, and new regulation of the financial 
services industry in Chile could increase our costs and result in lower profits. 
Changes in banking regulations may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of 
operations.  Chilean laws, regulations, policies and interpretations of laws relating to the banking sector and financial 
institutions are continually evolving and changing.  
On January 19, 2019, the Chilean government passed a law that amends, among others, the Amendment to the 
General Banking Law and establishes new capital regulation for banks in Chile in line with Basel III standards.  See 
“Regulation and Supervision—Banking Legislation.” In the event of an equity deficit, the banks must propose mitigation 
actions to overcome this deficit, with measures such as (i) a reduction in loan targets, (ii) adjustments to dividend policy, 
and/or (iii) carrying out level 1 or 2 capital increases. In the latter case, the issuance of capital instruments (AT1, T2) may be 
limited by numerous factors, such as complying with the general conditions for access to the capital market by banks; and 
national and international economic, political and other conditions. If the market conditions are not given, it will be more 
difficult, in the short term, to raise enough additional capital to comply with the demands of the regulator, while the creation 
of available credit to grant loans could be affected, as well as limit dividend distributions. 
In February 2020, the Chilean government enacted Law No. 21,210 containing the Tax Modernization Project.  
Among its changes, this law provides for (i) the elimination of the “attributed system”, (ii) a 27% rate of corporate income 
tax for large companies, (iii) a simplified tax regime for small and medium-sized companies with yearly gross income below 
UF75,000 and that comply with certain requirements regarding their activities, (iv) a new 40% rate bracket of personal income 
tax for those earning more than approximately Ch$15 million a month and a new surtax to properties worth more than 
approximately Ch$440 million, (v) application of the 19% value-added tax to digital services provided by persons, not 
domiciled or resident in Chile, and modification to the exemption of value-added tax to imports of certain capital goods, and 
(vi) reforms to tax proceedings, among others. In May 2020, Law No. 21,234, which amended Law No. 20,009, established 
that transactions that customers of payment services, including those made by electronic means, do not recognize must be 
returned to the holder of the credit or debit card that was used in the transaction. See “—Banking regulations may restrict our 
operations and thereby adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.” 
In September 2020, Law No. 21,256 was enacted by the Chilean government, which established new tax measures 
and modifies some existing ones, as part of the emergency plan for the reactivation of the economy and employment due to 
the COVID-19 pandemic. Among its changes, this law provides for (i) the reduction to 10% of the rate of the corporate 
income tax for small and medium-sized companies; (ii) the possibility of claiming reimbursement of remaining VAT tax 
credit for small and medium-sized companies under certain circumstances for the months of July, August or September 2020; 
(iii) the release under certain circumstances of payment of the contribution for regional development, established by means 
of Law No. 21,210; (iv) a transitory immediate depreciation and amortization of 100% of investments in fixed assets and 
certain intangible assets until December 31, 2022; and (v) the temporary extension of the VAT deferral period from 2 to 3 
months, until December 31, 2022.  
In April 2021 and August 2021, respectively, the Chilean government enacted amendments to Laws No. 19,946 on 
consumer rights and to Law No. 19,986 on service agreements, respectively. These amendments had been under discussion 
since 2019 and adopt measures that seek to protect the rights of consumers. The amendments provide that consumers have a 
right to obtain a copy of credit checks performed by financial institutions prior to credit operations, prohibits institutions of 
higher education from offering financial services, seeks to better regulate the right of withdrawal in online purchases and pre-
formulated standard contracts, and expands the rights of financial consumers, among others. It is unclear whether these new 
regulations will have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
On August 5, 2022, the CMF issued General Rule No. 484, which establishes the requisites for charges associated 
with lending transactions governed by Law No. 18,010 to be considered as commissions, as opposed to be deemed interest, 
in which case such charges would be subject to maximum interest caps according to the laws on credit transactions. Such 
requisites are: (i) the amount charged to the debtor must be calculated on the basis of the cost of providing the service, (ii) 
the service must be real, effectively rendered to the debtor and different from those “inherent” to the money credit transaction, 
(iii) the concept to which the charge corresponds, as well as the total amount charged to the debtor, must have been expressly 
informed to and accepted by the debtor prior to its collection and the rendering of the service, regardless of whether the 
collection of the charge is made prior to rendering the service, and (iv) the information of charges in connection with credit 
transactions must be made publicly available through the same channels used by the creditor to make offers of such 
transactions. It is unclear whether these new regulations will have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of 
operations.

--- Page 36 ---
24 
On February 3, 2023 a law that promotes competition and financial inclusion through innovation and technology in 
the provision of financial services (the “Fintech Law”) became effective. The Fintech Law establishes a general regulatory 
framework for the provision of certain technology-based financial services (“Fintech”), subject to the supervision of the CMF.  
Such services include (i) crowdfunding platforms, (ii) alternative transaction systems, (iii) credit and investment advice, (iv) 
custody of financial instruments, and (v) order routing and intermediation of financial instruments.  To provide Fintech 
services, providers need to register with the Registry of Financial Service Providers at the CMF. The Fintech Law also creates 
a legal framework to regulate and implement an open banking system, establishing the basic rules and principles to allow the 
exchange of financial information between different service providers through remote and automated access interfaces 
(“APIs”) that will allow interconnection and direct communication between the participating institutions to permit 
aggregation as well as payment initiation services (the “Open Finance System”). Entities under the supervision of the CMF 
(“Information Providers”), including banks and payment cards issuers, are obliged to develop and maintain APIs, and to 
respond to the requests of information made through the Open Finance System at no charge to third party providers nor the 
clients. In addition, the Fintech Law establishes that certain financial sector industries must implement policies and controls 
to avoid offering products that are not in line with customers’ expectations, needs and willingness to take risks. Also, banks 
will have to establish public, objective and non-discriminatory conditions for the refusal to open, suspend or close current 
accounts of Fintech providers. 
On January 12, 2024, and in compliance with the Fintech Law, the CMF published General Rule No. 502, with the 
purpose of regulating the registration, authorization, and obligations of financial service providers under the Fintech Law. 
The general rule entered into force on February 3, 2024, and requires financial service providers to request their registration 
in the Registry of Financial Service Providers and the CMF’s authorization to operate in Chile by February 3, 2025. 
 
On July 3, 2024, and in compliance with the Fintech Law, the CMF published General Rule No. 514, the 
supplementary regulations governing the Open Finance System. These regulations, aimed at implementing the Open Finance 
System, will apply to a range of entities, including Information Provider Institutions, Account Provider Institutions, 
Information-based Service Providers, and Payment Initiation Service Providers, as provided by the Fintech Law. The 
implementation of the Open Finance System will be phased, on the basis of the specific roles assumed by each participant 
within the Open Finance System, with first stage of implementation scheduled to be completed within 24 months from the 
date of issuance of the regulations, with the second stage of implementation to follow 36 months after the completion of the 
first stage. 
 
While the Fintech Law is still subject to further implementation by the CMF  (through the ancillary regulations), an 
increase in the market share of FinTech companies and their role in the financial system could increase competition with our 
services and thus affect our results of operations. While the outcome of the Fintech Law is uncertain at this time, we cannot 
assure you that we would not be negatively impacted by the FinTech Law. 
On July 3, 2024, Law No. 21.680, which creates a Consolidated Debt Registry, was published in the Official Gazette. 
This law aims to centralize information on financial debts, thereby improving the credit evaluation of individuals and 
providing more data to the CMF for its regulatory functions. Financial institutions and other entities under CMF supervision 
will have access to the registry to assess commercial and credit risks. However, information on debts overdue for more than 
five years or that have prescribed will not be available without the explicit consent of the client, which must be properly 
recorded in writing, verbally, or electronically. 
The outbreak and spread of a pandemic and other large-scale public health events could have a material adverse effect 
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Economic conditions in Chile may be adversely affected by an outbreak of a contagious disease, such as COVID-
19, which develops into a regional or global pandemic and other large scale public health events. The measures taken by 
governments, regulators and businesses to respond to any such pandemic or event may lead to slower or negative economic 
growth, supply disruptions, inflationary pressures and significant increases in public debt, and may also adversely affect our

--- Page 37 ---
25 
counterparties (including borrowers), which may lead to increased loan losses. Such measures could also impact the business 
and operations of third parties that provide critical services to us. 
During the outbreak of COVID-19, we experienced a decline in activity, including as a result of branch closures and 
remote working requirements, and was affected by a number of regulatory measures, such as variations in reference interest 
rates, the temporary suspension of dividend payments and the introduction of payment deferral and public guarantee schemes. 
If there were an outbreak of a new pandemic or another large-scale public health event occurs in the future, we may 
experience an adverse impact, which may be material, on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including 
as a result of the exacerbation of any of the other risks described in this section. 
Changes in Chilean tax laws may increase our tax burden and adversely affect our profitability. 
The statutory corporate tax (“First Category Income Tax”) rate in Chile was 20% on income from 2011 to 2013.  
Under Law No. 20,780, published in the Official Gazette of Chile (Diario Oficial) on September 29, 2014, as amended by 
Law No. 20,899, with the purpose of generating additional financial resources to improve the quality of Chilean education, 
the First Category Income Tax rate was gradually increased to 25% or 27%, depending on the system chosen by the taxpayer.  
In February 2020, the Chilean government enacted Law No. 21,210 that modernizes the tax legislation. The current 
regulations provide for (i) the elimination of the “attributed system”, (ii) a 27% rate of corporate income tax for large 
companies, (iii) a simplified tax regime for small and medium-sized companies with yearly gross income below UF75,000 
and that comply with certain requirements regarding their activities, (iv) a new 40% rate bracket of personal income tax for 
those earning more than approximately Ch$15 million a month and a new additional surtax to properties worth more than 
approximately Ch$440 million, (v) application of the 19% value-added tax (VAT) to digital services provided by persons, 
not domiciled or resident in Chile, and modification to the exemption of value-added tax to imports of certain capital goods, 
and (vi) reforms to tax proceedings, among others.  
In addition, on February 4, 2022, Law No. 21,420 was published in order to eliminate or reduce certain tax 
exemptions previously established by the Chilean tax regulations, including: (i) capital gains tax for shares with stock market 
presence; (ii) tax benefits for the third and subsequent homes; and (iii) inheritance tax for life insurance. In addition, Law No. 
21,420 imposed a new tax on the purchase of luxury goods. 
Under current regulations we are also subject to a 27% corporate income tax rate and only 65% of the First Category 
Income Tax paid will be allowed to be a credit against final taxes, unless there is an enforceable tax treaty to avoid double 
taxation between the final taxpayer’s country of residence and Chile or, until 2026, a signed tax treaty even if it has not yet 
entered into force, in which case the final taxpayer will be allowed to use 100% of the First Category Income Tax paid as a 
credit against final taxes.   
In the past, the International Monetary Fund and the OECD made recommendations to the Chilean government to 
analyze the Chilean tax system with the aim of reducing inequality in Chile. Consequently, the Chilean tax system may be 
modified in the upcoming years. 
On July 7, 2022, the government submitted to Congress the Tax Reform Bill through Presidential Message No. 064-
370 (the “Tax Reform Bill”), which proposes several substantial changes to the Chilean tax system. Some of the relevant 
changes proposed by the Tax Reform Bill include amendments to the following: general anti-avoidance rules; special rules 
for the delivery of information; strengthening of the tax authority’s audit powers; new “semi-dual” general taxation regime 
for large companies, which includes a disintegration of the tax system by modifying both the first category tax rate and the 
applicable taxes to shareholders; limitation on the deductibility of expenses; establishment of a new bracket and increase of 
personal income tax and second category tax rates; modifications to the pro SME regime and new VAT benefits; 
modifications of international taxation rules (e.g., transfer pricing, controlled foreign corporations, thin cap rules and 
limitation on tax credits for taxes paid abroad); taxation of capital gains and income from leases on certain real estate assets; 
modification of VAT exemption applicable to exports; modification of inheritance tax rules in connection with the valuation 
of assets; modification of taxation of mutual funds and public and private investment funds; and a wealth tax. On July 11, 
2022, the government submitted to the Congress amendments to the Mining Royalty Bill, the purpose of which is to create a 
new tax that applies to all mining operators who sell mining products. On March 8, 2023, the Chamber of Deputies rejected 
the Tax Reform Bill, which prevents the government from approving the original text of the Tax Reform Bill until March 8, 
2024. Nevertheless, the government has maintained contacts with various political parties in order to agree on guidelines for 
the preparation of the new Tax Reform Bill. On January 29, 2024, the government submitted to the Chilean Congress a new 
“Fulfillment of Tax Obligations” tax reform bill, which aims to increase tax collection. This bill is structured around the 
following key areas: (i) modernization of the tax administration and the Tax and Customs Courts; (ii) formalization of

--- Page 38 ---
26 
economic growth; (iii) strengthening of sanctions for tax offenses; (iv) fight against tax evasion and avoidance, including 
modifications to the General Anti-Avoidance Rules; (v) modifications of audit procedures by the tax authority; and (vi) 
modifications of the appraisal faculty of the tax authority. 
These and further changes, as well as interpretations by the Chilean tax authorities thereto, may result in an increase 
in tax liabilities, which could adversely affect industry profitability, increase costs, restrict our ability to do business and 
cause negative effects to our financial results. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our projected cash flow 
and profitability following any increases in Chilean taxes applicable to us and our operations. 
Future natural phenomena such as earthquakes, tsunamis, wildfires, the climactic phenomenon El Niño or floods may 
adversely affect lending volume and the quality of our loan portfolio. 
Chile lies on the Nazca tectonic plate, making it one of the world’s most seismically active regions.  Chile has been 
adversely affected by powerful earthquakes in the past, including an 8.8 magnitude earthquake that struck central Chile in 
2010, an 8.0 magnitude earthquake that struck Santiago in 1985, and a 9.5 magnitude earthquake in the Lakes District on 
Southern Chile in 1960 which was the strongest earthquake ever recorded. The damage to Chile’s infrastructures, including 
roads and ports, as a result of an earthquake may have an adverse impact on the Chilean economy, which could adversely 
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
During the past decade Chile has been experiencing hot and dry weathers, called by the World Meteorological 
Organization a “mega drought.” The heat wave caused black forest fires in 2017 and has caused wildfires, destruction of 
small villages, hectares burned and mortality in south-central Chile during January and February of 2023. 
El Niño is an oceanic and atmospheric phenomenon that causes a warming of temperatures in the Pacific Ocean, 
resulting in heavy rains off the coast of Chile, Peru and Ecuador and various other effects in other parts of the world.  The 
effects of El Niño, which typically occurs every two to seven years, include (among other things) flooding and the negative 
effects on fish populations and agriculture, and accordingly, it can have a negative effect on Chile’s economy.  In the past, El 
Niño has negatively affected our agricultural and fishing loan portfolio.  
If these and other natural phenomena occur in the future, we may suffer damage to, or destruction of, properties and 
equipment, which may negatively affect our business, particularly if those problems affect our computer-based data 
processing, transmission, storage and retrieval systems and destroy valuable data. In addition, if a significant number of our 
local employees and managers were unavailable in the event of a disaster, our ability to effectively conduct business could 
be severely compromised. A natural disaster could damage some of our branches, force us to close damaged facilities or 
locations, increase recovery costs as well as cause economic damage to our clients. Furthermore, these events may affect 
customers and industries to which we have exposure through our loan portfolio, which in turn may have a material adverse 
effect on our business. 
With regard to our business in the United States, our market areas in Florida are susceptible to hurricanes, tropical 
storms and related flooding and wind damage.  Such weather events can disrupt operations, result in damage to properties 
and negatively affect the local economies in the markets where we operate.  Our business and results of operations may be 
adversely affected by these and other negative effects of future hurricanes, tropical storms, related flooding and wind damage 
and other similar weather events.  As a result of the risks associated to these weather events, many of our customers have 
incurred significantly higher property and casualty insurance premiums on their properties located in our markets, which may 
adversely affect real estate sales and values in our markets.  
The perception of higher risk in other countries, especially in Latin American or other emerging economies, may adversely 
affect the Chilean economy, our business and the market price of Chilean securities issued by Chilean issuers, including 
the Notes. 
Emerging markets like Chile are subject to greater risks than more developed markets, and financial turmoil in any 
emerging market could disrupt business in Chile and adversely affect the price of the Notes. Moreover, financial turmoil in 
any important emerging market country may adversely affect prices in stock markets and prices for debt securities of issuers 
in other emerging market countries as investors move their money to more stable, developed markets. An increase in the 
perceived risks associated with investing in Latin American or other emerging markets could dampen capital flows to Chile 
and adversely affect the Chilean economy in general, and the interest of investors in securities issued by Chilean issuers. We 
cannot assure you that the value of the notes will not be negatively affected by events in Latin American or other emerging 
markets or the global economy in general.

--- Page 39 ---
27 
Any downgrading of Chile’s debt credit rating for domestic and international debt by international credit rating agencies 
may also affect our ratings, our business, our future financial performance, stockholders’ equity and the value of our 
securities, and any downgrading of our credit ratings could increase our cost of funding and adversely affect our interest 
margins and results of operations. 
In December 2023 Fitch Ratings (“Fitch”) affirmed the credit rating of Chile’s long-term foreign currency as A-, 
with stable outlook. In October 2023, S&P Global Ratings affirmed its A-1 long-term foreign currency and its A/A-1 long-
term local currency sovereign credit ratings on Chile, and changed the outlook from stable to negative due to weaker political 
consensus on the key parameters of Chile’s political and economic agenda. In September 2022, Moody’s downgraded the 
Government of Chile’s long-term local and foreign-currency issuer and senior unsecured ratings to A2 from A1, and the 
senior unsecured foreign-currency long-term shelf rating to (P)A2 from (P)A1, and changed the outlook from negative to 
stable. 
Any additional adverse revisions to Chile’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating 
agencies may adversely affect our ratings, our business, future financial performance, stockholders’ equity and the value of 
our securities.  
In addition, credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain funding.  Rating agencies 
regularly evaluate us and their ratings of our debt are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and 
conditions affecting the financial services industry generally.  There can be no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain 
the current ratings or outlooks, and any downgrading in our debt credit ratings would likely increase our borrowing costs and 
could limit our access to capital markets and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
Chile has different corporate disclosure and accounting standards than those you may be familiar within the United States. 
Accounting, financial reporting and securities disclosure requirements in Chile differ in certain significant respects 
from those required in the United States.  Accordingly, the information about us available to you will not be the same as the 
information available to holders of notes issued by a U.S. financial institution.  See a description of certain significant 
differences between Chilean GAAP and IFRS (equivalent to the differences between Chilean GAAP and IFRS as adopted 
pursuant to the procedure of Article 3 of Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002) as applied to us in “Annex A—Significant 
Differences Between Chilean GAAP and IFRS.” 
As a regulated financial institution, we are required to submit unaudited stand-alone balance sheets and income 
statements prepared in accordance with Chilean GAAP to the CMF on a monthly basis and audited consolidated and stand-
alone balance sheets and income statements prepared in accordance with Chilean GAAP on an annual basis.  We are required 
to publish our income statements for the periods ended March 31, June 30 and September 30 of each calendar year in a 
newspaper of national circulation.  Such publication must be made no later than the last day of the month following the date 
of the income statement.  Such unaudited financial information is prepared in summary form, is not sent directly to our 
security holders and differs in other significant respects from information generally available in the United States with respect 
to U.S. financial institutions.   
The CMF also has discretionary power to require a bank to publish its income statements for periods in addition to 
those specified above. 
The Chilean Securities Market Law which governs open or publicly listed companies, such as us, impose disclosure 
requirements that are more limited than those in the United States in certain important respects.  In addition, although Chilean 
law imposes restrictions on insider trading and price manipulation, applicable Chilean laws are different from those in the 
United States, and the Chilean securities markets are not as highly regulated and supervised as the U.S. securities markets. 
We cannot assure you of the accuracy or comparability of facts, forecasts and statistics contained in this Prospectus with 
respect to Chile, its economy and banking industry. 
Facts, forecasts and statistics in this document relating to Chile, Chile’s economy and the Chilean banking industry, 
including market share information, are derived from various official and other publicly available sources that we generally 
believe to be reliable.  However, we cannot vouch for the quality and reliability of such official and other sources of materials.  
In addition, these facts, forecasts and statistics have not been independently verified by us and, therefore, we make no 
representation as to the accuracy of such facts, forecasts and statistics, which may not be consistent with other information 
compiled within or outside of Chile and may not be complete or up to date.  We have taken reasonable care in reproducing 
or extracting the information from such sources.  However, because of possibly flawed or ineffective methodologies

--- Page 40 ---
28 
underlying the published information or discrepancies between the published information and market practice and other 
problems, these facts, forecasts or statistics may be inaccurate and may not be comparable from period to period or to facts, 
forecasts or statistics produced for other economies, and you should not unduly rely upon them. 
A change in the law governing the judicial recovery of overdue loans or in the organization of our courts could adversely 
affect our overall rate of recovery of overdue loans. 
The Chilean judicial system is constantly evolving to suit the needs of the population and is gradually incorporating 
the use of new technological tools as these facilitate the intervention of the court.  On October 10, 2014, the Chilean Congress 
enacted Law No. 20,720, which amends the procedural and substantive regulation of the judicial reorganization or settlement 
for individuals and businesses declared insolvent or bankrupt.  The main purposes of the aforementioned law are: (a) to 
facilitate the negotiation and approval of the debtor’s reorganization agreements; (b) to improve the repayments of creditors 
in insolvency proceedings, creating a more effective and efficient process; and (c) to regulate the effects of cross-border 
insolvency proceedings.  Although changes in this area could increase the rate of legal recovery of overdue loans and improve 
our operating results, it could also adversely affect them. 
Changes in labor laws may adversely affect our profitability. 
On July 9, 2014, Law No. 20,760 was enacted, setting forth a new kind of legal entity concept, preventing companies 
from hiding their identity by using multiple taxpayer numbers.  This law deems as the same employer for labor and social 
security purposes, two or more companies that have a common labor management and comply with some conditions like 
having a common controller among them, or having similar or supplementary products or services.  
On September 8, 2016, Law No. 20,940 was published in the Official Gazette of Chile and became effective on 
April 1, 2017.  The purpose of this law is to promote and empower the collective negotiation procedure between employers 
and employees, providing that the labor unions shall be the most favored party in such negotiations as well as the “owner” of 
the rights achieved through them.  Consequently, the employers may not extend those rights to non-unionized employees, 
which was previously allowed (provided that the non-unionized employees paid the 75% of the labor union fee).  Some of 
the main measures are the following: (i) to forbid the replacement of employees when work stoppages or strikes are ongoing, 
regardless if they are replaced through external or internal personnel; (ii) to give employees access to the financial and tax 
information of their employers, as well as to their investment plans, and to payroll information regarding both unionized an 
non-unionized employees; (iii) recognize the benefits achieved in the past collective negotiation as a minimum for the 
upcoming negotiation; (iv) possibility for inter-company unions to engage in collective bargaining procedures, which will be 
binding to the employer subject to the fulfillment of certain legal requirements; and (v) extension of the right to collective 
bargaining to employees formerly not entitled to do so, and also in respect of matters that were not previously subject to 
collective bargaining. In May 2019, a group of congresswomen from opposing parties proposed a bill of law aimed to reduce 
the weekly working schedule from 45 to a 40 hours per week. This bill was approved in April 2023 and started to be gradually 
enforced since May 1, 2023. Any assessment regarding the impacts of these legislative changes on the bank’s operations is 
subject to the final outcome of the legislative process. These potential changes in labor laws may increase our labor costs or 
prevent us from increasing operational efficiency which in turn could also significantly affect our results of operations and 
ability to pay the Notes.  
On April 1, 2020, and in connection with the COVID-19 related crisis, Law No. 21,220 was enacted, introducing 
certain amendments to the Labor Code in order to regulate remote working. This new law establishes a series of special 
regulations for employees who provide services remotely and creates a number of obligations for the employer when agreeing 
on working remotely, a matter that until then was almost entirely unregulated. The main elements of this law are: (i) the 
employee’s right to disconnect from work; (ii) additional minimum content in employment contracts for remote working 
services; (iii) requirement on certain tools, elements and costs associated to the performance of services by the employee are 
assumed by the employer; (iv) a prohibition for employers to force their employees to use their own tools or to incur in non-
reimbursable expenses to render services out of the regular work place; and (v) specific regulation of working schedules. This 
law may generate new labor costs that shall be assumed by the employer, especially in companies where remote work exists 
as a permanent practice. 
In 2021, a large list of new labor laws was enacted by the Chilean Congress, including Law 21,237 regarding 
modernization of the Chilean Labor Bureau, Law 21,342 regarding health and safety protocols for returning to work in the 
context of the COVID-19 pandemic, Law 21,360 establishing a new minimum monthly wage, Law 21,351 regarding a 
temporary extension of some benefits regulated in Law 21,247, Law 21,325, Law 21,275 establishing the obligation of 
companies with more than one hundred employees to hire employees who have knowledge about labor inclusion of people

--- Page 41 ---
29 
with disabilities, Law 21,389 that creates a National Registry of Alimony Debtors, and Law 21,419 that creates the universal 
guaranteed pension. 
In 2023, new labor laws were enacted by the Chilean Congress, including Law 21,218 establishing a gradual increase 
of the minimum wage in Chile from Ch$440,000 pesos (US$502) as of May 1, 2023 to Ch$500,000 pesos (US$570) as of 
July 1, 2024, and Law 21,645, seeking to improve work-life balance, by enhancing the rights of parents who take care of 
children and teenagers, especially those who need special care due to disabilities. 
Effective on April 26, 2024, Chile’s Law No. 21,561 will reduce the statutory working week from 45 to 40 hours. 
This regulatory change is expected to increase operational costs for companies operating within Chile by necessitating 
adjustments to workforce management and potentially increasing labor expenses. In general terms, this law will be applied 
gradually reducing the working hours to 44 during the first year, 42 during the third year and 40 during the fifth year. Further, 
this reduction cannot result in the reduction of the employees’ remuneration. Additionally, this law introduces the following 
changes: (i) flexibility in the distribution of workdays: the total 40 hours may be distributed on a weekly basis or on a weekly 
average basis in periods of up to four weeks, and, the working schedule can be distributed in four, five or six days; (iii) 
limitation of the cases in which an employee can be excluded from the workday limits; (iii) parents and caretakers of children 
up to 12 years of age will have the right to a time band of two hours total, meaning they will be eligible to anticipate or delay 
in up to one hour the time in which they begin and end their workday; (iv) exchange of overtime for additional rest days prior 
agreement of the parties, with a maximum of five additional rest days per year; and (v) electronic attendance records formally 
introduced amongst the options for control of the working schedule. 
These changes in legislation could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation or financial condition 
in the future. 
Changes in social security legislation may adversely affect our profitability. 
In January 2020, the Chilean government introduced a new bill to the Chilean Congress to reform the country’s 
pension system. The potential adverse effect of the proposed law on our financial condition and results of operations cannot 
yet be ascertained.  For more information, see “—Chile’s banking regulatory and capital markets environment is continually 
evolving, and new regulation of the financial services industry in Chile could increase our costs and result in lower profits.” 
In November 2022, the Chilean government sent a new bill to the Chilean Congress to reform the Chilean pension 
system. Amongst other measures, the bill included a gradual increase of up to 6% in employer contributions to employee 
pension schemes and the end of AFPs. On January 24, 2024, the lower house of the Chilean Congress provisionally approved 
the bill. As of the date of this Prospectus, this bill is still under discussion by the Labor Commission of the Chilean Congress. 
Considering that this is currently being discussed in the Chilean Senate, we are unable to predict the final content of 
these laws. The potential adverse effect of the proposed law on our financial condition and results of operations cannot yet 
be ascertained. As a result, potential impacts over the Chilean economy in the short and long run are not yet determinable. 
Changes in insurance supervision may adversely affect our profitability.  
Two of our related companies, Bci Seguros de Vida S.A. and Bci Seguros Generales S.A., are insurance companies 
subject to the supervision of the CMF.  A bill of law being discussed by the Chilean Congress contemplates the 
implementation of a risk-based supervision model in the Chilean insurance market which would eventually establish 
supervisory capital requirements. These requirements are risk based, and as the risk levels within the insurer increases, the 
capital level must increase as well. 
Risks Relating to the Notes Generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
There is no trading market for the Notes; you may be unable to sell your Notes if a trading market for the Notes does not 
develop or is not developed and maintained. 
Each Series of Notes will constitute a new issue of securities with no established trading market.  Application may 
be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes (other than Indexed Notes) issued under the Program to be listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. In addition, Notes (other than Indexed Notes) may be listed or admitted to trading on other or further stock

--- Page 42 ---
30 
exchanges including, but not limited to, the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and the SIX Swiss Exchange, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue.  The Issuer cannot assure you, however, that the 
application will be accepted or an active trading market for the Notes will develop or, if developed, be maintained. If a trading 
market does not develop or is not maintained, holders of the Notes may experience difficulty in reselling the Notes or may 
be unable to sell them at all.  Even if a market develops, the liquidity of any market for the Notes will depend on many factors, 
including the number of holders of the Notes, the interest of securities dealers in making a market in the Notes and other 
factors. The price of each Series of Notes will depend on many factors, including prevailing interest rates, general economic 
conditions, our operating results and the market for similar securities. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the 
development or liquidity of any market for the Notes, the ability of holders to sell the Notes or the prices at which the Notes 
could be sold.  Because the market for any Series of Notes may not be liquid, you may have to bear the economic risk of an 
investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time.  If an active trading market does not develop, the market price and 
liquidity of the Notes may be adversely affected.  If the Notes (other than Indexed Notes) are traded, they may trade at a 
discount from their initial offering price depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general 
economic conditions, the Issuer’s performance and business prospects and other factors. 
Market price risk. 
The market price of each Series of Notes depends on various factors, including government actions taken to control 
the spread of the virus, changes of interest rate levels, the policy of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation 
rates or the supply and demand for the relevant type of Note.  The market price of each Series of Notes may also be negatively 
affected by an increase in the Issuer’s credit spreads (i.e., the difference between yields on the Issuer’s debt and the yield of 
government bonds or swap rates of similar maturity).  The Issuer’s credit spreads are mainly based on its perceived 
creditworthiness but also influenced by other factors such as general market trends as well as supply and demand for such 
Series of Notes. 
Exchange rate risk and exchange controls. 
An investment in Notes that are denominated in, or the payment of which is to be or may be made in or related to 
the value of, a currency or composite currency other than the currency of the country in which the purchaser is a resident or 
the currency in which the purchaser conducts its business or activities (the “home currency”) entails significant risks that are 
not associated with a similar investment in a security denominated in the home currency.  Such risks include the possibility 
of significant changes in rates of exchange between the home currency and the various foreign currencies (or composite 
currencies) after the issuance of such Note and the possibility of the imposition or modification of foreign exchange controls 
by either the U.S. or foreign governments.  Such risks generally depend on economic and political events over which each 
Issuer has no control.  In recent years, rates of exchange between certain currencies have been highly volatile and such 
volatility may be expected to continue in the future.  Fluctuations in any particular exchange rate that have occurred in the 
past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations in such rate that may occur during the term of any Note.  
Depreciation of the currency in which a Note is denominated against the relevant home currency would result in a decrease 
in the effective yield of such Note below its coupon rate and, in certain circumstances, could result in a loss to the investor 
on a home currency basis.  In addition, depending on the specific terms of a currency linked Indexed Note, changes in 
exchange rates relating to any of the currencies involved may result in a decrease in the effective yield of such currency linked 
Indexed Note and, in certain circumstances, could result in a loss of all or a substantial portion of the principal of a currency 
linked Indexed Note to the investor. 
Foreign exchange rates can either be fixed by sovereign governments or float.  Exchange rates of most economically 
developed nations are permitted to fluctuate in value relative to the U.S. Dollar.  National governments, however, rarely 
voluntarily allow their currencies to float freely in response to economic forces.  Governments in fact use a variety of 
techniques, such as intervention by a country’s central bank or imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, to affect the 
exchange rate of their currencies.  Governments may also issue a new currency to replace an existing currency, or alter the 
exchange rate or relative exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency.  Thus, a special risk in 
purchasing non-home currency denominated Notes or currency linked Indexed Notes is that their home currency-equivalent 
yields could be affected by governmental actions, which could change or interfere with theretofore freely determined currency 
valuation, fluctuations in response to other market forces, and the movement of currencies across borders.  There will be no 
adjustment or change in the terms of such Notes in the event that exchange rates should become fixed, or in the event of any 
devaluation or revaluation or imposition of exchange or other regulatory controls or taxes, or in the event of other 
developments affecting the U.S. Dollar or any applicable Specified Currency. 
Governments have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, exchange controls which could affect 
exchange rates as well as the availability of a specified foreign currency at the time of payment of principal and of premium,

--- Page 43 ---
31 
if any, or interest, if any, on a Note.  Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is possible that the Specified Currency 
for any particular Note not denominated in U.S. Dollars would not be available at such Note’s maturity.  In that event, the 
Issuer would make required payments in U.S. Dollars on the basis of the market exchange rate on the date of such payment, 
or if such rate of exchange is not then available, on the basis of the market exchange rate as of the most recent practicable 
date.  See “Special Provisions Relating to Foreign Currency Notes—Payments on Foreign Currency Notes.” 
Payments claimed in Chile on the Notes, pursuant to a judgment or otherwise, may be in Chilean pesos.  
In the event that proceedings are brought against us in Chile, either to enforce a judgment or as a result of an original  
action brought in Chile,  we may be required to discharge those obligations in Chilean pesos. In this case, such obligation 
would be satisfied in  Chilean  pesos and there can be no assurance that we or any other entity will  be able to purchase U.S. 
dollars at the time or in  the amounts required to make any payment due pursuant to the notes in accordance with the exchange 
rate in effect on the date on which payments are made. As a result, holders of the Notes may suffer a U.S. dollar shortfall if 
a judgment in Chile is obtained. 
The Issuer may not effectively manage risks associated with the replacement of benchmark indices. 
 
Interest rate, equity, foreign exchange rate and other types of indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks,” 
including those in widespread and long-standing use, have been the subject of ongoing international, national and other 
regulatory scrutiny and initiatives and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still 
to be implemented or are under consideration. These reforms may cause benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, 
or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences, which cannot be fully anticipated.  
 
Any of the benchmark reforms which have been proposed or implemented, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could also increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
benchmarks and complying with regulations or requirements relating to benchmarks. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain benchmarks, trigger changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or lead to the elimination, discontinuance or obsolescence of certain 
“benchmarks,” or result in other consequences that cannot be predicted. Even prior to the implementation of any changes, 
uncertainty as to the nature of potential alternative reference rates and as to the nature and effect of potential changes to such 
benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, as well as the value of, the return on 
and/or trading market for Notes linked to such benchmark. See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Notes Generally—
Changes or uncertainty about the future of EURIBOR and the potential discontinuance of EURIBOR could adversely affect 
the market value of any EURIBOR Notes, limit your ability to resell them and/or the payment of interest under such 
EURIBOR Notes.” 
 
Any of these developments, and any future initiatives to regulate, reform or change the administration of 
benchmarks, could result in material adverse consequences to the return on, value of and market for loans, mortgages, 
securities, derivatives and other financial instruments whose returns are linked to any such benchmark, including those issued, 
funded or held by the Issuer.  
 
The benchmark reform could have a material impact on Notes linked to such benchmark, including the 
discontinuance in use of a benchmark if its administrator does not obtain the requisite authorization or satisfy other applicable 
requirements. In such event, depending on the particular benchmark and the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could 
be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity or otherwise impacted. Furthermore, the benchmark reform could also result 
in a change in the methodology or terms of the benchmark in order to comply with the requirements of the benchmark reform 
and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes, including, in certain circumstances, the selection of a 
substitute or successor reference rate.  
 
Various regulators, industry bodies and other market participants in the U.S. and other countries are engaged in 
initiatives to develop, introduce and encourage the use of alternative rates to replace certain benchmarks. There is no 
assurance that these new rates will be accepted or widely used by market participants, or that the characteristics of any of 
these new rates will be similar to, or produce the economic equivalent of, the benchmarks that they seek to replace. If a 
particular benchmark were to be discontinued and an alternative rate has not been successfully introduced to replace that 
benchmark, this could result in widespread dislocation in the financial markets, engender volatility in the pricing of securities, 
derivatives and other instruments, and suppress capital markets activities, all of which could have adverse effects on the 
Issuer’s results of operations. In addition, the transition of a particular benchmark to a replacement rate could affect hedge

--- Page 44 ---
32 
accounting relationships between financial instruments linked to that benchmark and any related derivatives, which could 
adversely affect the Issuer’s results.  
 
Changes or uncertainty about the future of EURIBOR and the potential discontinuance of EURIBOR could adversely 
affect the market value of any EURIBOR Notes, limit your ability to resell them and/or the payment of interest under such 
EURIBOR Notes.  
 
Various interest rate benchmarks (including Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR)) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, 
including the Benchmark Regulation, while others are still to be implemented.  
 
Under the Benchmark Regulation, which applies from January 1, 2018, new requirements apply with respect to the 
provision of a wide range of benchmarks (including EURIBOR), the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark within the European Union. In particular, the Benchmark Regulation, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorized or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognized or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of benchmarks 
and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU-supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorized or registered 
(or, if non-EU-based, deemed equivalent or recognized or endorsed). It is not possible to predict the effect of these changes, 
other reforms, or the establishment of alternative reference rates in the European Union or elsewhere. The resulting 
uncertainty could adversely affect the market value of any EURIBOR Notes and/or limit your ability to resell them.  
 
If EURIBOR rate is not published, the rate of interest on the Notes limited to EURIBOR will be determined using 
alternative methods. See “Description of the Notes—Interest and Interest Rates—EURIBOR Notes.” These alternative 
methods may result in lower interest payments than would have been made if EURIBOR were published in its current form. 
The alternative methods may also be subject to factors that make the EURIBOR impossible or impracticable to determine. If 
a published EURIBOR is unavailable and banks are unwilling to provide quotations, the rate of interest on EURIBOR Notes 
for an interest period will be the same as the immediately preceding interest period, and could remain the rate of interest for 
the remaining life of such EURIBOR Notes.  
 
SOFR differs fundamentally from U.S. dollar LIBOR and there is no guarantee that SOFR is a comparable substitute, 
successor or replacement for U.S. dollar LIBOR.  
 
SOFR is a broad treasury repo financing rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions and differs 
fundamentally from the London interbank offered rate for U.S. dollar obligation (“U.S. dollar LIBOR”). SOFR was 
developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR in 
part because it is considered to be a good representation of general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury 
repurchase agreement market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not 
measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of 
banks. While SOFR is a secured overnight rate, U.S. dollar LIBOR is an unsecured rate that represents interbank funding 
over different maturities. In addition, because SOFR is a transaction-based rate, it is backward-looking, whereas U.S. dollar 
LIBOR is forward-looking. Because of these and other differences, there can be no assurance that SOFR will perform the 
same way as U.S. dollar LIBOR, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, 
bank credit risk, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. As 
a result, there is no guarantee that SOFR is a comparable substitute, successor or replacement for U.S. dollar LIBOR.  
 
The secondary trading market for floating rate securities with rates based on SOFR may be limited or unpredictable.  
 
If SOFR does not prove to be widely used as a benchmark in securities that are similar or comparable to Floating 
Rate Notes based on SOFR, the trading price of such Floating Rate Notes may be lower than those of debt securities with 
interest rates that are based on rates that are more widely used. Similarly, market terms for debt securities with rates that are 
based on SOFR, including, but not limited to, the spread over the reference rate reflected in the interest rate provisions or 
manner of compounding the reference rate (if applicable), may evolve over time, and as a result, trading prices of any Floating 
Rate Notes based on SOFR may be lower than those of later-issued debt securities that are based on SOFR. Investors in any 
such Floating Rate Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell them at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer 
from increased pricing volatility and market risk.  
 
The manner of adoption or application of reference rates based on SOFR in the bond market may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors 
should carefully consider how any potential inconsistencies between the adoption of reference rates based on SOFR across

--- Page 45 ---
33 
these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of such Floating Rates Notes.  
 
Investors should not rely on indicative or historical data concerning the SOFR. 
 
The FRBNY started publishing the SOFR in April 2018. FRBNY has also published historical indicative secured 
overnight financing rates dating back to 2014, although such historical indicative data inherently involves assumptions, 
estimates and approximations. SOFR over time may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative 
data and investors should not rely on such historical indicative data or on any historical changes or trends in the SOFR as an 
indicator of the future performance of the SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behavior of market variables and their 
relation to SOFR, such as correlations, may change in the future. Therefore, no future performance of SOFR may be inferred 
from any of the historical actual or historical indicative SOFR data. Hypothetical or historical performance data are not 
indicative of, and have no bearing on, the potential performance of SOFR.  
 
The interest rate on the Floating Rate Notes may be based on a Compounded SOFR rate and the SOFR Index, which are 
relatively new in the marketplace. 
 
For each Determination Period, the interest rate on the Floating Rate Notes may be based on Compounded SOFR or 
SOFR Index (in each case, as defined below), as specified in the Final Terms. The FRBNY only began publishing the SOFR 
Index on March 2, 2020. Accordingly, the use of the SOFR Index or the Compounded SOFR rate used in the Floating Rate 
Notes may not be widely adopted by other market participants. If the market adopts a different calculation method, that would 
likely adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
 
SOFR may be more volatile than other benchmark or market rates.  
Since the initial publication, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in 
comparable benchmark or market rates, such as U.S. dollar LIBOR, during corresponding periods. In addition, although 
changes in Compounded SOFR and weighted average daily SOFR generally are not expected to be as volatile as changes in 
SOFR on a daily basis, the return on, value of and market for the SOFR notes may fluctuate more than floating-rate debt 
securities with rates of interest based on less volatile rates. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York has at times conducted 
operations in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market in order to help maintain the federal funds rate within a target range. 
There can be no assurance that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York will continue to conduct such operations in the 
future, and the duration and extent of any such operations is inherently uncertain. The effect of any such operations, or of 
the cessation of such operations to the extent they are commenced, is uncertain and could be materially adverse to investors 
in the floating rate notes.  
Compounded SOFR with respect to a particular interest period will only be capable of being determined near the end of 
the relevant interest period.  
The level of Compounded SOFR applicable to a particular interest period and, therefore, the amount of interest 
payable with respect to such interest period, will be determined on the Interest Determination Date (as determined in the 
Final Terms) for such interest period. Because each such date is near the end of such interest period, you will not know the 
amount of interest payable with respect to a particular interest period until shortly prior to the related Interest Payment Date 
(as defined below) and it may be difficult for you to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable on each 
such Interest Payment Date. In addition, some investors may be unwilling or unable to trade the floating rate notes without 
changes to their information technology systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity and trading price of 
the floating rate notes.  
 
SOFR may be modified or discontinued, and changes in the SOFR could adversely affect holders of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Because the SOFR is published by FRBNY based on data received from other sources, we have no control over its 
determination, calculation or publication. The FRBNY, or any successor thereof, as the administrator of the SOFR, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the method by which 
SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, or timing related to the 
publication of SOFR. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the 
amount of interest payable on Floating Rate Notes based on SOFR, which may adversely affect the trading prices of such 
Floating Rate Notes. FRBNYM, or any successor thereof, may withdraw, modify, amend, suspend or discontinue the 
calculation or dissemination of SOFR in its sole discretion and without notice and has no obligation to consider the interests 
of holders of such Floating Rate Notes in calculating, withdrawing, modifying, amending, suspending or discontinuing SOFR.

--- Page 46 ---
34 
There can be no assurance that the SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially 
adverse to the interests of holders of such Floating Rate Notes. For purposes of the formula used to calculate the rate of 
interest during the Interest Reset Period, SOFR in respect of a particular date will not be adjusted for any modifications or 
amendments to SOFR data that the administrator of SOFR may publish after the rate of interest for that day has been 
determined in accordance with the terms and provisions set forth in this Base Prospectus and any SOFR Replacement 
Conforming Changes (as defined below). Further, if the interest rate on such Floating Rate Notes during the applicable 
floating rate period on any day or for any interest period declines to zero or becomes negative, it will have a negative effect 
on the rate for the period, although the rate for that period may still be positive and interest may still accrue for that day. 
 
The selection of a SOFR Replacement could adversely affect the return on, value of or market for Floating Rate Notes 
based on SOFR during the Interest Reset Period. 
 
If the Issuer, in its sole discretion, its designee (which may be an affiliate of the Issuer), after consultation with the 
Issuer, or the Calculation Agent (as defined below), after consultation with the Issuer, determines that a SOFR Transition 
Event (as defined below) and related SOFR Replacement Date (as defined below) have occurred with respect to a Series of 
SOFR Notes, the applicable SOFR Replacement (as defined below) will replace the then-current SOFR Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to such SOFR Notes. If a particular SOFR Replacement or SOFR Replacement Adjustment (as defined 
below) cannot be determined, then the next-available SOFR Replacement or SOFR Replacement Adjustment will apply. See 
“Description of the Notes—Types of Floating Rate Notes—SOFR Notes.”  
 
The application of a SOFR Replacement and SOFR Replacement Adjustment, and any implementation of SOFR 
Replacement Conforming Changes, could result in adverse consequences to the amount of interest payable on any Notes 
linked to SOFR Benchmark, which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for such Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Further, (i) the composition and characteristics of any SOFR Replacement will not be the same as those of the then-
current SOFR Benchmark (ii) the SOFR Replacement will not be the economic equivalent of the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark (iii) there can be no assurance that the SOFR Replacement will perform in the same way as the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark would have at any time, (iv) there is no guarantee that the SOFR Replacement will be a comparable 
substitute for the then-current SOFR Benchmark (which means that a SOFR Transition Event could adversely affect the 
return on, value of and market for the applicable Floating Rate Notes), (v) any failure of the SOFR Replacement to gain 
market acceptance could adversely affect such Floating Rate Notes, (vi) the SOFR Replacement may have a very limited 
history and the future performance of the SOFR Replacement may not be able to be predicted based on historical performance, 
(vii) the secondary trading market for debt securities linked to the SOFR Replacement may be limited and (viii) the 
administrator of the SOFR Replacement may make changes that could change the value of the SOFR Replacement or 
discontinue the SOFR Replacement and would not have any obligation to consider the interests of holders of any Floating 
Rate Notes in doing so. 
 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks, and the Issuer cannot assure you that such ratings will not be lowered, suspended 
or withdrawn by the rating agencies. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes.  Where a Series of Notes is 
rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes to be issued under the Program.  The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  The credit ratings of the Notes may change after issuance.  Such ratings 
are limited in scope, and do not address all material risks relating to an investment in the Notes, but rather reflect only the 
views of the rating agencies at the time the ratings are issued.  An explanation of the significance of such ratings may be 
obtained from the rating agencies.  The Issuer cannot assure you that such credit ratings will remain in effect for any given 
period of time or that such ratings will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies, if, in the 
judgment of such rating agencies, circumstances so warrant.  Any lowering, suspension or withdrawal of such ratings may 
have an adverse effect on the market price and marketability of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  Any ratings assigned to Notes as 
at the date of this Prospectus are not indicative of future performance of the Issuer’s business or its future creditworthiness. 
Changes in tax laws could lead to the Issuer redeeming the Notes.  
Payments of interest in respect of the Notes made by the Issuer to foreign holders will be subject to Chilean interest 
withholding tax currently assessed at a rate of 4.0%. Subject to certain exemptions, the Issuer will pay Additional Amounts 
(as defined in “Description of the Notes—Payment of Additional Amounts”) so that the amount received by the holder after 
Chilean withholding tax will equal the amount that would have been received if no such taxes had been applicable.  The

--- Page 47 ---
35 
Notes can be redeemable at the Issuer’s option, subject to applicable Chilean law, in whole but not in part, at any time, at the 
principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest and any Additional Amounts due thereon if, as a result of changes 
in the laws or regulations affecting taxation in a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction (as defined in “Description of the Notes—
Payment of Additional Amounts”), the Issuer becomes obligated to pay Additional Amounts on the Notes based on a rate of 
withholding or deduction in excess of 4.0%.  The Issuer cannot assure you that an increase in withholding tax rate will not 
be presented to or enacted by the Chilean Congress; however, if such an increase were enacted, the Notes would be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer. See “Description of the Notes—Redemption Prior to Maturity Solely for Taxation 
Reasons” and “Taxation—Chilean Taxation.” 
The Notes are subject to certain transfer restrictions. 
The Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States.  Therefore, the Notes may be transferred or resold only in a transaction registered 
under or exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any other applicable 
securities law.  Rule 144A Notes may only be sold to QIBs in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Rule 
144A. Regulation S Notes may only be sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons pursuant to Regulation S.  See 
“Transfer and Selling Restrictions.” Such transfer restrictions may limit the liquidity of the Notes. Consequently, a holder of 
Notes and an owner of beneficial interests in those Notes must be able to bear the economic risk of their investment for the 
term of the Notes. 
Holders of Notes may find it difficult to enforce civil liabilities against the Issuer or its directors, executive officers and 
controlling persons.  
The Issuer is organized under the laws of Chile and its principal place of business (domicilio social) is in Santiago, 
Chile.  None of its directors are residents of the United States, and most of its executive officers and controlling persons 
reside outside of the United States. 
In addition, a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and its directors, executive officers and controlling 
persons are located outside of the United States.  As a result, it may be difficult for holders of Notes to effect service of 
process within the United States on such persons or to enforce judgments against them, including in any action based on civil 
liabilities under the U.S. federal securities laws.  Based on the opinion of the Issuer’s Chilean counsel, there is doubt as to 
the enforceability against such persons in Chile, whether in original actions or in actions to enforce judgments of U.S. courts, 
of liabilities based solely on the U.S. federal securities laws.  See “Service of Process and Enforcement of Civil Liabilities.” 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Notes will be subordinated to certain statutory liabilities and the liabilities of our 
subsidiaries.  
Under Chilean bankruptcy law, the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes are subordinated to certain statutory 
preferences.  In the event of the Issuer’s liquidation, such statutory preferences, including among others, claims for salaries, 
wages, secured obligations, social security, taxes and court fees and expenses related thereto, will have preference over any 
other claims, including claims by any investor in respect of the Notes.  The aforementioned statutory preferences have not 
been included in a legal order.  In addition, the liabilities of our subsidiaries are structurally senior to the Notes. 
In addition, the Issuer’s creditors may hold negotiable instruments or other instruments governed by local law that 
grant rights to attach the assets of the Issuer at the inception of judicial proceedings in the relevant jurisdiction, which 
attachment is likely to result in priorities benefitting those creditors when compared to the rights of holders of the Notes. 
The Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all investors. 
The Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of holders of Notes to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all holders of the Notes of a Series, including holders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
We may commit to allocate the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes to the financing or refinancing of  eligible green 
and/or social projects and, in such event, the market price of the Notes may be adversely affected by any failure to allocate 
an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes for projects with such specific characteristics or to satisfy 
related reporting requirements and other undertakings.

--- Page 48 ---
36 
We may commit to allocate the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes to the financing or refinancing of new and 
existing projects and activities that promote environmental purposes (the “Eligible Green Projects”) and/or social purposes 
(the “Eligible Social Projects” and, together with the Eligible Green Projects, the “Eligible Projects”). Prospective investors 
should refer to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary.  
In this event, the market price of the Notes may be impacted by any failure (which may be as a result of factors 
outside of our control) to allocate the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes to such Eligible Projects, or to meet or continue 
to meet, whether in whole or in part, the investment expectations, guidelines, criteria or requirements of certain 
environmentally or socially focused investors with respect to the Notes. These impacts on the market price of the Notes may 
have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in “social,” “green” or “sustainable” assets. We 
cannot give any assurance that the Eligible Projects to which the net proceeds from the Notes may be allocated will be 
completed within any specified time period or at all, or that any Eligible Projects will deliver any environmental or social 
benefits, that adverse environmental, social or other impacts will not occur during the design, construction, commissioning 
and operation of any Eligible Projects or that the Eligible Projects will be capable of being implemented in accordance with 
any timing schedule. Any failure of Eligible Projects to achieve the results or outcome originally expected or anticipated by 
us, or the withdrawal of any Second Party Opinion (as defined below) or any attestation that we are not complying in whole 
or in part with any matters subject to such opinion or certification may have a material adverse effect on the value of the 
Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used 
for a particular purpose. Furthermore, neither any such failure (which may be as a result of factors outside of our control) to 
apply the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes to any Eligible Projects, any such failure of Eligible Projects of Eligible 
Projects to achieve the results or outcome originally expected or anticipated by us, nor any such withdrawal of any Second 
Party Opinion or attestation, will constitute a covenant breach or an event of default under the Notes. 
Furthermore, any opinion or certification of any third party (the “Second Party Opinion”) with respect to the 
Eligible Projects and the sale of the Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the Eligible Projects and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. Such Second Party Opinion will be expected to provide an opinion on 
certain environmental, social or related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an 
investment in Notes including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. 
No assurance can be provided as to the suitability of any Second Party Opinion, in particular as it regards the ability of an 
Eligible Project to fulfill any social, sustainability or other criteria, and, if there were to be one, it is not nor it should be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by us or any other person to purchase, sell or hold Notes. Any such Second Party Opinion 
would only be current as of the date that opinion was initially issued and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by the 
relevant provider(s) at any time. For the avoidance of doubt, any Second Party Opinion is not, nor shall be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus or the Final Terms. 
There can be no assurance that the use of net proceeds from the sale of the Notes to finance or refinance Eligible Projects 
will be suitable for the investment criteria of any investor.  
 
There is currently no market consensus on what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined 
or classified as “green,” “social,” “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project. In addition, it is an area which has been, 
and continues to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, 
standards, taxonomies and objectives. Therefore, no assurance can be provided to investors that the Eligible Projects will 
meet, whether in whole or in part, all investor expectations with regard to environmental impact and sustainability 
performance. The types of Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects referred to in our Sustainability Financing 
Framework (as defined below) are for illustrative purposes only and no assurance can be provided that disbursements for 
projects with these specific characteristics will be made by the Issuer in an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of 
the Notes. 
Furthermore, we have significant flexibility in allocating the net proceeds from the Notes, including reallocating the 
net proceeds in the event we determine in our discretion that projects receiving allocation no longer meet the criteria for 
Eligible Projects. In such event, there can be no assurance that the use of the proceeds for any Eligible Projects will satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements, taxonomies or standards or other 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present 
or future applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, ratings 
criteria, taxonomies or standards or other independent expectations, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect

--- Page 49 ---
37 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any Eligible Projects. Accordingly, each prospective purchaser of the Notes 
should seek advice from their independent financial advisor or other professional advisor and consider the factors described 
herein to determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in the Base Prospectus, any Second Party Opinion 
and the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of any Notes, based upon such investigation 
as it deems necessary. 
In the event that any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green,” “environmental,” “social,” 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), 
no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines 
with which any investor or its investments are required to comply under any governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer or any other 
person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any Notes or, if obtained, that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
Interests in global Bearer Notes and Specified Denominations – investors who purchase interests in global Bearer Notes 
in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the Specified Denomination may be adversely affected if definitive 
Bearer Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes in global bearer form which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that interests in such Notes 
may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum 
Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less 
than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the 
remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive 
Note in bearer form in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes replace the applicable global Bearer Notes) and would 
need to purchase or sell a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If definitive Notes in bearer form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Reliance on DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures. 
Unless issued in definitive form, Notes issued under the Program will be represented on issue by one or more global 
Notes that may be deposited with or registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary or a common safekeeper, 
as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or may be deposited with or registered in the name of a 
nominee for DTC.  Except in the circumstances described in the applicable global Note, investors in a global Note will not 
be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form.  Each of DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective 
direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each global Note held through it.  While the 
Notes are represented by a global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant 
clearing systems and their respective participants. 
Except in the case of a Registered Global Note denominated in a specified currency other than U.S. Dollars and 
registered in the name of DTC or its nominee and in respect of which a participant in DTC has elected to receive any part of 
such payment in that specified currency, for so long as the Notes are represented by Registered Global Notes, the Issuer will 
discharge its payment obligation under the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems.  A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive 
payments under the Notes.  The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect 
of, beneficial interests in any global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant clearing 
system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies.

--- Page 50 ---
38 
Risks Relating to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Program.  Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such 
instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition 
of risk to their overall portfolios.  A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the relevant Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact such investment will have on the potential 
investor’s overall investment portfolio.  Certain Notes may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors.  
Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer. 
Notes with an optional redemption are likely to have a limited market value.  During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they 
can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes.  
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Subordinated notes. 
Subordinated Notes present investors with certain risks that are not applicable to investments in senior obligations 
issued by the Issuer, including greater risks relating to non-payment of the Notes. The Issuer’s obligations under subordinated 
Notes will rank subordinate in right of payment to the payment of all senior obligations issued by the Issuer and, in case of 
liquidation of the Issuer, no amount will be paid under the subordinated Notes until all the senior obligations issued by the 
Issuer have been satisfied. Unless the Issuer has assets remaining after making all such payments in such circumstances, no 
payments will be made on the subordinated Notes. Consequently, although subordinated Notes might provide for higher 
interest rates than indebtedness of the Issuer that is not subordinated, there is a real risk that, in a liquidation scenario, an 
investor in subordinated Notes might lose some or even all of its investment. 
 
Variable rate notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include multipliers or other 
leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, their market values 
may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Inverse floating rate notes. 
Inverse floating rate notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate.  The 
market values of such Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities 
based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms).  Inverse floating rate notes are more volatile because 
an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing 
interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Fixed/Floating rate notes. 
Fixed/Floating rate notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market 
and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower 
overall cost of borrowing.  If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating rate 
notes may be less favorable than then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate notes tied to the same reference rate.  In

--- Page 51 ---
39 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  If the Issuer converts from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Indexed notes. 
An investment in Indexed notes entails significant risks that are not associated with similar investments in a 
conventional fixed-rate debt security.  If the interest rate of a Note is indexed, it may result in an interest rate that is less than 
that payable on a conventional fixed-rate debt security issued by the Issuer at the same time, including the possibility that no 
interest will be paid, and, if the principal amount of a Note is indexed, the principal amount payable at maturity may be less 
than the original purchase price of such indexed note, including the possibility that no principal will be paid (but in no event 
shall the amount of interest and principal paid with respect to an indexed note be less than zero).  The secondary market for 
indexed notes will be affected by a number of factors, independent of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and the value of the 
applicable currency, commodity, interest rate or other index, including, but not limited to, the volatility of the applicable 
currency, commodity, interest rate or other index, the time remaining to the maturity of such indexed notes, the amount 
outstanding of such indexed notes and market interest rates.  The value of the applicable currency, commodity, interest rate 
or other index depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political events, over which the 
Issuer has no control. 
Additionally, if the formula used to determine the principal amount or interest payable with respect to such indexed 
notes contains a multiple or leverage factor, the effect of any change in the applicable currency, commodity, interest rate or 
other index may be increased.  The historical experience of the relevant currencies, commodities, interest rate or other indices 
should not be taken as an indication of future performance of such currencies, commodities, interest rate or other indices 
during the term of any indexed note.  Accordingly, prospective investors should consult their own financial and legal advisors 
as to the risks entailed by an investment in indexed notes and the suitability of indexed notes in light of their particular 
circumstances. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more 
in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer 
the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing Notes with 
comparable maturities. 
Particular tax consequences of holding Bearer Notes. 
Any potential investor should consult its own independent tax adviser for more information about the tax 
consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of Bearer Notes in its particular circumstances.  Bearer Notes generally 
may not be offered or sold in the United States or to United States persons.  Unless an exemption applies, a United States 
person holding a Bearer Note or coupon will not be entitled to deduct any loss on the Bearer Note or coupon and must treat 
as ordinary income any gain realized on the sale or other taxable disposition of the Bearer Note or coupon. 
Risks Relating to Renminbi-Denominated Notes 
Set forth below is a brief description of certain risks related to the Notes by reason of being denominated in Chinese 
Yuan Renminbi (“Renminbi”, “RMB”, “CNY”).  The Notes will be denominated and settled in Renminbi deliverable in the 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China (“Hong Kong”), which represents a different 
market from that of Renminbi deliverable in the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, the 
“PRC”). 
Renminbi is not a freely convertible currency; and there are significant restrictions on remittance of Renminbi into and 
outside the PRC which may affect the liquidity of the Notes. 
Renminbi is not a freely convertible currency at present.  The government of the PRC continues to regulate 
conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong Dollar.  However, there has been significant 
reduction in control by the PRC government in recent years, particularly over the trade transactions involving import and 
export of goods and services as well as other frequent routine foreign exchange transactions.  These transactions are known 
as current account items.

--- Page 52 ---
40 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into and out of the PRC for the purposes of capital 
account items, such as capital contributions, debt financing and securities investment, is generally only permitted upon 
obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-
case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system.  Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into and out 
of the PRC for settlement of capital account items are developing gradually.  
Although starting from October 2016 Renminbi has been added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the 
International Monetary Fund , there is no assurance that the PRC Government will continue to liberalize control over cross-
border remittance of Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilization will not be discontinued 
or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating 
the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC.  Notwithstanding the Renminbi internationalization efforts in recent years 
to internationalize the currency, there can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim or long term 
restrictions on the cross-border remittance of Renminbi.  In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in 
Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may negatively impact on the liquidity 
of the Notes and the value of the Notes.  In addition, if Renminbi outside the PRC is unavailable, this will impact on the 
availability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to perform its obligations under Notes denominated in Renminbi.  
Investment in the Notes is subject to exchange rate risks. 
The value of Renminbi against the New Taiwan dollar, Hong Kong dollar, the U.S. dollar and other currencies 
fluctuates and is affected by developments in or affecting the PRC, international political and economic conditions and many 
other factors.  All payments of interest on and principal of the Notes will be made in Renminbi, except in the case of 
inconvertibility, non-transferability or illiquidity, in which case the Issuer shall be entitled to settle any such payments in U.S. 
dollars at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent.  As a result, the value of Renminbi payments may vary with the prevailing exchange 
rates in the marketplace.  If the value of Renminbi depreciates against the relevant currency, the value of the investment in 
relevant currency will have declined. 
Investment in the Notes is subject to currency risk. 
Investors cannot be assured that payments in respect of the Notes will be made in Renminbi.  If the Issuer is not 
able, or it is impracticable for the Issuer, to satisfy its obligation to pay interest or principal on the Notes as a result of 
inconvertibility, non-transferability or illiquidity, the Issuer shall be entitled to settle any such payment in U.S. dollars at the 
U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such interest or principal, as the case may be. 
Investment in the Notes is subject to interest rate risk. 
The PRC government has gradually liberalized the regulation of interest rates over the past years.  Further 
liberalization may increase interest rate volatility.  The Notes offered hereunder may carry a fixed or floating interest rate.  
Consequently, the trading price of the Notes will vary with the fluctuations in the Renminbi interest rates.  If a holder of the 
Notes tries to sell the Notes before their maturity, that holder may receive an offer that is less than its original investment. 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be made solely by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong, 
except in limited circumstances. 
Except as provided below, so long as the Notes are represented by a global note certificate held with the common 
depositary for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear, all payments in respect of the Notes will be made solely by transfer 
to a Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong by the holder of such global note certificate.  Any further credit of 
such amounts will be made in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures.  In 
the case of inconvertibility, non-transferability or illiquidity, the Issuer may make payments on the Notes in U.S. dollars.  If 
the Notes are issued in definitive form, all payments in respect of any such Note will be made by transfer to a Renminbi bank 
account maintained by the holder of such the Note in Hong Kong in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations.  The 
Issuer will not be required to make payment by any other means, including, for example, in any other currency or by transfer 
to a bank account in the PRC. 
Gains on the transfer of the Notes may become subject to income taxes under the PRC tax laws. 
Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules which took effect on January 1, 2008, any 
gain realized on the transfer of Notes by non-resident enterprise holders may be subject to enterprise income tax if such gain 
is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC.  However, there remains uncertainty as to whether the gain

--- Page 53 ---
41 
realized from the transfer of Notes denominated in Renminbi would be treated as income derived from sources within the 
PRC and be subject to PRC tax.  This will depend on how the PRC tax authorities interpret, apply or enforce the PRC 
Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules.  According to the arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, 
residents of Hong Kong, including enterprise holders and individual holders, will not be subject to PRC tax on any capital 
gains derived from a sale or exchange of the Notes. 
If non-resident enterprise holders are required to pay PRC income tax on gains on the transfer of the Notes (such 
enterprise income tax is currently levied at the rate of 10% of the gross proceeds, unless there is an applicable tax treaty 
between PRC and the jurisdiction in which such non-resident enterprise holders of the Notes reside that reduces or exempts 
the relevant tax), the value of their investment in the Notes may be materially and adversely affected. 
Remittance of Renminbi into and outside the People’s Republic of China. 
In the event that the Issuer decides to remit some or all of the proceeds of the offering into the PRC in Renminbi, its 
ability to do so will be subject to obtaining all necessary approvals from, and registration with, the relevant PRC government 
authorities.  However, the Issuer cannot assure you that the necessary approvals from and registration with the relevant PRC 
government authorities will be obtained at all or, if obtained, they will not be revoked or amended in the future. 
The Issuer cannot assure you that the PRC government will continue to gradually liberalize the control over cross-
border Renminbi remittances in the future, that the pilot scheme introduced in July 2009 will not be discontinued or that new 
PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of 
Renminbi into or outside the PRC.  In the event that the Issuer does remit some or all of the proceeds of the offering into the 
PRC in Renminbi and the Issuer subsequently is not able to repatriate funds outside the PRC in Renminbi, the Issuer would 
need to source Renminbi outside the PRC to finance its obligations under the Notes, and its ability to do so will be subject to 
the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. 
ROC taxation. 
The following overview of certain taxation provisions under Republic of China (“ROC”) law is based on current 
law and practice and that the Notes will be issued, offered, sold and re-sold only to professional institutional investors as 
defined under Paragraph 2, Article 19-7 of the Regulations Governing Securities Firms of the ROC.  It does not purport to be 
comprehensive and does not constitute legal or tax advice.  Investors (particularly those subject to special tax rules, such as 
banks, dealers, insurance companies and tax-exempt entities) should consult with their own tax advisers regarding the tax 
consequences of an investment in the Notes. 
Interest on the Notes. 
Bci is not a ROC statutory tax withholder, and consequently, there is no ROC withholding tax on the interest paid 
on the Notes. 
ROC corporate holders must include the interest receivable under the Notes as part of their taxable income and pay 
income tax at a flat rate of 17% (unless the total taxable income for a fiscal year is under NT$120,000), as they are subject to 
income tax on their worldwide income on an accrual basis.  The alternative minimum tax (“AMT”) is not applicable. 
Sale of the Notes. 
In general, the sale of corporate bonds or financial bonds is subject to a 0.1% securities transaction tax (“STT”) on 
the transaction price.  Any sale of the Notes will be subject to STT at 0.1% of the transaction price, unless otherwise provided 
by the tax laws that may be in effect at that time. 
Capital gains generated from the sale of bonds are exempt from income tax.  Accordingly, ROC corporate holders 
are not subject to income tax on any capital gains generated from the sale of the Notes.  However, ROC corporate holders 
should include the capital gains in calculating their basic income for the purpose of calculating their AMT.  If the amount of 
the AMT exceeds the annual income tax calculated pursuant to the Income Tax Act of the ROC, the excess becomes the ROC 
corporate holders’ AMT payable.  Capital losses, if any, incurred by such holders could be carried over five years to offset 
capital gains of the same category of income for the purposes of calculating their AMT.

--- Page 54 ---
42 
Non-ROC corporate holders with a fixed place of business (e.g., a branch) or a business agent in the ROC are not 
subject to income tax on any capital gains generated from the sale of the Notes.  However, their fixed place of business or 
business agent should include any such capital gains in calculating their basic income for the purpose of calculating AMT. 
As to non-ROC corporate holders without a fixed place of business or a business agent in the ROC, they are not 
subject to income tax or AMT on any capital gains generated from the sale of the Notes. 
ROC settlement and trading. 
Bci has not entered into any settlement agreement with Taiwan Depository & Clearing Corporation (“TDCC”) and 
have no intention to do so. 
In the future, if Bci enters into a settlement agreement with TDCC, an investor, if it has a securities book-entry 
account with a Taiwan securities broker and a foreign currency deposit account with a Taiwanese bank, may settle the 
Notes through the account of TDCC with Euroclear or Clearstream if it applies to TDCC (by filing in a prescribed form) to 
transfer the Notes in its own account with Euroclear or Clearstream to such TDCC account with Euroclear or Clearstream 
for trading in the domestic market or vice versa for trading in overseas markets.  For settlement through TDCC, TDCC will 
allocate the respective Notes position to the securities book-entry account designated by such investor in the ROC.  The 
Notes will be traded and settled pursuant to the applicable rules and operating procedures of TDCC and the GTSM as 
domestic bonds.  For such investors who hold their interest in the Notes through an account opened and held by TDCC with 
Euroclear or Clearstream, distributions of principal and/or interest for the Notes to such holders may be made by payment 
services banks whose systems are connected to TDCC to the foreign currency deposit accounts of the holders.  Such 
payment is expected to be made on the second Taiwanese business day following TDCC’s receipt of such payment (due to 
time difference, the payment is expected to be received by TDCC one Taiwanese business day after the distribution date).  
However, when the holders actually receive such distributions may vary depending upon the daily operations of the 
Taiwanese banks with which the holder has the foreign currency deposit account.

--- Page 55 ---
43 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
We intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of each issue of our Notes for general corporate purposes or as 
otherwise set forth in the Final Terms applicable to a particular issue of the Notes, which may include funding, in whole or 
in part, the financing or refinancing of Eligible Projects (which will be described in the relevant Final Terms for any such 
issue). 
The use and allocation of the net proceeds is influenced by a number of factors outside of our control, including 
market conditions, and is based on our analysis, estimates and current views on future events and trends.  Changes to these 
and other factors may require us to revise, at our discretion, our intended use of the net proceeds of the offering. See “Risk 
Factors—Risks Relating to our Business” and “—Risks Relating to Chile.”

--- Page 56 ---
44 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Financial Statements 
This Prospectus includes (i) our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 
31, 2021 and 2022, and as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 (together, “audited consolidated financial 
statements”), and (ii) our unaudited interim consolidated financial statements at March 31, 2024 and for the three months 
ended March 31, 2023 and 2024, in each case together with the notes thereto, prepared in accordance with Chilean GAAP. 
Our audited consolidated financial statements have been audited by KPMG Auditores Consultores Ltda., independent auditors 
(“KPMG”). The audit opinion of KPMG on the audited consolidated financial statements is included herein. The above-
mentioned audits were performed under auditing standards generally accepted in Chile.  See “Independent Auditors.” Our 
unaudited interim consolidated financial statements at March 31, 2024 and for the three months ended March 31, 2023 and 
2024 have not been audited or reviewed by any independent auditors. 
Chilean GAAP 
We are a Chilean bank, and we maintain our financial books and records in Chilean pesos. We prepare our audited 
consolidated financial statements and our unaudited interim consolidated financial statements in accordance with the 
Compendium of Accounting Standards issued by the CMF, which came into effect on January 1, 2009 and was updated by 
the New Compendium with an effective date of January 1, 2022 and an initial application date of January 1, 2021. See “–
Accounting Changes” and Notes 1 and 4 to our audited consolidated financial statements. The New Compendium differs in 
certain significant aspects from IFRS. See “Annex A—Significant Differences Between Chilean GAAP and IFRS.”  We refer 
to accounting standards, as issued by the CMF (and, formerly, by the SBIF) as “Chilean GAAP.” 
Chilean GAAS 
KPMG Auditores Consultores Ltda. conducted its audits under generally accepted auditing standards in Chile 
(Chilean GAAS), which differ in certain significant aspects from International Standards on Auditing. See “Annex B—
Significant Departures from International Standards on Auditing.” 
Loans 
Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to loans are to loans and receivables to customers before deductions 
for loan loss allowances.  
Our past due (“past due”) loans include only the portion of principal and interest that is overdue (as defined below) 
for 90 or more days and do not include the installments of such loans that are not overdue or that are overdue for less than 90 
days, unless (i) any portion of the loan is overdue for 180 days or more, in which case the entire loan is considered past due, 
or (ii) legal proceedings have been commenced for the entire outstanding balance according to the terms of the loan, in which 
case the entire loan is considered past due within 90 days after initiation of such proceedings. This practice differs from the 
practice normally followed in the United States, under which the amount classified as past due would include the entire 
amount of principal and interest on any and all loans that have any portion overdue. Overdue portfolio (“overdue”) includes 
only the portion of principal and interest that is overdue for one day or more. Once an overdue loan becomes overdue for 90 
days or more, it does not continue to be considered “overdue” but is part of the “past due” portfolio.  Our impaired loans 
include the entire amount of principal and interest on any and all loans that have any portion overdue.  Restructured loans for 
which no payments are overdue are not ordinarily classified as past due loans or impaired loans.  
We present information on “impaired” loans in accordance with guidelines for classifying and provisioning loan 
portfolios that were issued by the former SBIF and became mandatory as of January 1, 2011. Impaired loans are loans with 
respect to which we have evidence indicating that the borrower will not perform its payment obligations in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the loan.  For purposes of assessing our loan portfolio, we assess certain loans on an “individual” 
basis and other loans on a “collective” basis. We perform individual assessments of loans that we consider significant relative 
to our loan portfolio, based on the amount of the loan and its size, complexity and the credit profile of the borrower.  Generally, 
we perform individual assessments of loans equal to or greater than UF 18,000 and collective assessments of loans of less 
than UF 18,000. We assess on a collective basis all of our loans that we do not assess individually, grouping them according 
to certain common characteristics such as the amount of the loan and the borrower’s credit profile.  
Under the guidelines issued by the CMF (former SBIF), our individually assessed loans are considered impaired 
when they are classified as B3, B4, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5 or C6. Our collectively assessed loans are considered non-performing

--- Page 57 ---
45 
when (i) they are 90 days or more in default or (ii) they are restructured past due loans until we re-classify them as performing 
loans based on our periodic reassessment of such loans.  See “Regulation and Supervision—Classification of Loan 
Portfolio—2010 Guidelines of the Former SBIF.” 
Effect of Rounding 
Certain figures included in this Prospectus have been rounded for ease of presentation.  Percentage figures included 
in this Prospectus have not in all cases been calculated on the basis of such rounded figures but on the basis of such amounts 
prior to rounding.  For this reason, certain percentage amounts in this Prospectus may vary from those obtained by performing 
the same calculations using the figures in our consolidated financial statements.  Certain other amounts that appear in this 
Prospectus may not sum due to rounding. 
Economic and Market Data 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise indicated, macroeconomic data related to the Chilean economy is based on 
information published by the Central Bank of Chile, and all market share and other data related to the Chilean financial 
system is based on information published by the CMF.  
Information Published by the CMF 
In this Prospectus, we present certain financial information as published and calculated by the CMF.  Certain 
information published and calculated by the CMF differs from such information as presented in our financial statements.  As 
published and calculated by the CMF (but not in our consolidated financial statements), our total assets include gross tax 
receivables and our total loans include inter-bank loans.  For this reason, certain financial information in this Prospectus may 
vary from information presented in our consolidated financial statements.  In addition, certain information published by the 
CMF is not always published on a quarterly basis.  
Accounting Changes 
On December 20, 2019, pursuant to circular letter No. 2,243, and as a result of various changes introduced by the 
International Accounting Standard Board (the “IASB”) to the IFRS during recent years, particularly through the new 
pronouncements IFRS 9, 15, 16 and the subsequent revision of the limitations in their application by national Chilean banks, 
the CMF decided to update the instructions of the Old Compendium. Our consolidated financial information as of and for the 
years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 is presented in this Prospectus giving effect to the New Compendium.  
On April 20, 2020, the CMF amended Chapter E “Transitional Provisions” of the Old Compendium and postponed 
the first effective application date of the New Compendium to January 1, 2022, with an initial application date of January 1, 
2021 for the comparative financial statements to be published as of the first quarterly interim period of 2022. In accordance 
with the current legal framework, banks must use the accounting criteria provided by the CMF and in all matters not addressed 
by the CMF or that do not contradict its instructions, they must adhere to the IFRS as issued by the IASB. 
As a result, we established a plan for the transition to the new accounting standards that includes, among other 
aspects, the analysis of the differences in accounting criteria, the selection of the accounting criteria to be applied in cases 
where alternative treatments are allowed and the assessment of changes in procedures and information systems. In accordance 
with this transition plan, the standards of the New Compendium have been retroactively applied as of January 1, 2021, with 
the exception of the change of criteria for the suspension of the recognition of interest income and adjustments on an accrual 
basis, which was adopted prospectively as of January 1, 2022, as provided in Chapter B-2 of the New Compendium. In 
addition, an opening Consolidated Statement of Financial Position has been prepared as of January 1, 2021 under the 
requirements of the New Compendium.

--- Page 58 ---
46 
CAPITALIZATION 
The following table sets forth our capitalization defined as our financial obligations on an accrued basis determined 
in accordance with Chilean GAAP and which represent our main sources of funding as of December 31, 2023. There has 
been no material change in our capitalization since December 31, 2023. For additional information, see our consolidated 
financial statements included in this Prospectus. 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
Historical 
Historical(1) 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
(in millions of US$) 
Liabilities 
 
 
Borrowings from customers(2) ........................................................................................  
42,252,569  
48,316  
Liabilities for repurchase agreements .............................................................................  
706,623  
808  
Bank borrowings ............................................................................................................  
7,125,985  
8,149  
Debt issued: 
 
 
Mortgage finance bonds ..............................................................................................  
695  
1  
Subordinated bonds .....................................................................................................  
1,551,291  
1,774  
Other bonds .................................................................................................................  
8,111,815  
9,276  
Other financial liabilities .............................................................................................  
1,739,812  
1,989  
Derivative financial instruments(3) ...............................................................................  
8,161,322  
9,333  
Subtotal ...................................................................................................................  
69,650,112  
79,646  
Equity 
 
 
Shareholders’ equity and other funds: 
 
 
Share capital and reserves ...............................................................................................  
5,383,715  
6,156  
Other equity accounts(4)  .................................................................................................  
-388  
-  
Profit for the year ............................................................................................................  
682,468  
780  
Total equity attributable to owners of the bank......................................................  
6,065,795  
6,936  
Total capitalization(5) .................................................................................................  
75,715,907  
86,582  
 
(1) 
Amounts in the table stated in pesos have been translated into U.S. dollars at the Observed Exchange Rate as published by the Central Bank of Chile 
on the first business day following the respective period.  The exchange rate used for purposes of this conversion were Ch$877.12 per US$1.00 as of 
December 31, 2023. 
(2) 
Borrowings from customers correspond to the sum of deposits and other on-demand liabilities, and deposits and other term loans. 
(3) 
Derivative financial instruments correspond to the sum of financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss, and financial derivative 
contracts for accounting hedge. 
(4) 
Other equity accounts correspond to accumulated other comprehensive income less provisions for dividends, interest payments and revaluation of 
regulatory capital financial instruments issued. 
(5) 
Excludes non-controlling interest of Ch$1,581 million.

--- Page 59 ---
47 
EXCHANGE RATES 
Chile has a floating exchange rate system in which the Central Bank of Chile has the authority to intervene, if 
necessary.  Chile has two currency markets, the Formal Exchange Market (Mercado Cambiario Formal) and the Informal 
Exchange Market (Mercado Cambiario Informal).  The Formal Exchange Market is comprised of banks and other entities 
authorized by the Central Bank of Chile.  The Informal Exchange Market is comprised of entities that are not expressly 
authorized to operate in the Formal Exchange Market, such as certain foreign exchange houses and travel agencies, among 
others, but that can trade under current laws and regulations.  The Central Bank of Chile is empowered to require that certain 
purchases and sales of foreign currencies be carried out on or through the Formal Exchange Market.  The main difference 
between both markets is that regulation requires the participants in the formal market to inform the Central Bank of Chile 
about the transactions they carry out.  In case that the Central Bank of Chile decides to intervene, it does so by buying or 
selling foreign currency on the Formal Exchange Market. 
The dólar observado (the “Observed Exchange Rate”), which is reported by the Central Bank of Chile and 
published daily in the Official Gazette of Chile, is the weighted average exchange rate of the U.S. dollar of the previous 
business day’s transactions in the Formal Exchange Market.  On September 2, 1999, the Central Bank of Chile eliminated 
the band within which the Observed Exchange Rate could fluctuate, in order to provide greater flexibility to the exchange 
market.  Even though the Central Bank of Chile is authorized to carry out its transactions at the Observed Exchange Rate, it 
generally uses spot rates for its transactions.  Other banks generally carry out authorized transactions at spot rates as well. 
The Informal Exchange Market reflects transactions carried out at an informal exchange rate (the “Informal 
Exchange Rate”).  There are no limits imposed on the extent to which the rate of exchange in the Informal Exchange Market 
can fluctuate above or below the Observed Exchange Rate.  In recent years, the variation between the Observed Exchange 
Rate and the Informal Exchange Rate has not been significant. 
The following table sets forth the annual low, high, average and period-end Observed Exchange Rate for U.S. dollars 
in Chilean pesos for the years indicated, as reported by the Central Bank of Chile. 
Year 
Low(1) 
High(1) 
Average(2) 
Period 
End(3) 
2019 ................................................................................................. 
649.22 
828.25 
702.63 
744.62 
2020 ................................................................................................. 
710.26 
867.83 
792.22 
711.24 
2021 ................................................................................................. 
693.74 
868.76 
759.27 
850.25 
2022 ................................................................................................. 
777.10 
1,042.97 
872.33 
859.51 
2023 ................................................................................................. 
781.49 
945.61 
839.07 
884.59 
 
Source: Central Bank of Chile. 
(1) 
Exchange rates are the actual low and high, on a daily basis for each period. 
(2) 
The yearly or monthly average rate is calculated as the average of the exchange rates on the first business day of each month during the period. 
(3) 
Each year period ends on December 31, and the respective period-end exchange rate corresponds to the exchange rate that is published by the Central 
Bank of Chile on the last business day of the respective year. 
 
We make no representation that the Chilean peso or the U.S. dollar amounts referred to herein actually represent, 
could have been or could be converted in U.S. dollars or Chilean pesos, as the case may be, at the rates indicated, at any 
particular rate or at all.  The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not report a noon buying rate for pesos.

--- Page 60 ---
48 
EXCHANGE CONTROLS 
The Central Bank of Chile is the entity responsible for monetary policies and exchange controls in Chile.  Chilean 
issuers are authorized to offer securities internationally provided they comply with, among other things, the provisions of 
Chapter XIII of the Compendium of Foreign Exchange Regulations of the Central Bank of Chile (the “Central Bank 
Compendium”). 
Pursuant to the provisions of Chapter XIII of the Central Bank Compendium, it is not necessary to seek the Central 
Bank of Chile’s prior approval in order to purchase and pay the Notes.  The Central Bank of Chile only requires that (i) the 
remittance of funds obtained from the purchase of the Notes into Chile be made through the Formal Exchange Market and 
disclosed to the Central Bank of Chile as described below; and (ii) all remittances of funds to make the payment of principal 
and of premium, if any, or interest, if any, on a Note made from Chile be made through the Formal Exchange Market and 
disclosed to the Central Bank of Chile as described below. 
The proceeds of the sale of the Notes may be brought into Chile or held abroad.  If we remit the funds obtained from 
the sale of the Notes into Chile, such remittance must be made through the Formal Exchange Market and we must deliver to 
the Central Bank of Chile directly or through an entity of the Formal Exchange Market a report, through a form contained in 
Chapter XIV of the Central Bank Compendium, providing information about the transaction, together with a letter instructing 
such entity to deliver us the foreign currency or the peso equivalent thereof.  If we do not remit the funds obtained from the 
sale of the Notes into Chile, we have to provide the same information to the Central Bank of Chile directly or through an 
entity of the Formal Exchange Market within the first 10 days of the month following the date on which we received the 
funds.  The regulations require that the information provided describe the financial terms and conditions of the securities 
offered, related guarantees and the schedule of payments. 
All payments in connection with the Notes made from Chile must be made through the Formal Exchange Market.  
Pursuant to Chapter XIII of the Central Bank Compendium, no prior authorization from the Central Bank of Chile is required 
for such payments in U.S. dollars.  The participant of the Formal Exchange Market involved in the transfer must provide 
certain information to the Central Bank of Chile on the banking business day following the day of payment.  In the event 
payments are made outside Chile using foreign currency held abroad, we must provide the relevant information to the Central 
Bank of Chile directly or through an entity of the Formal Exchange Market within the first 10 days of the month following 
the date on which the payment was made. 
Under Chapter XIII of the Central Bank Compendium, payments and remittances of funds from Chile are governed 
by the rules in effect at the time the payment or remittance is made.  Therefore, any change made to Chilean laws and 
regulations after the date hereof will affect foreign investors who have acquired the Notes.  We cannot assure you that further 
Central Bank of Chile regulations or legislative changes to the current foreign exchange control regime in Chile will not 
restrict or prevent us from acquiring U.S. dollars or that further restrictions applicable to us will not affect our ability to remit 
U.S. dollars for payment of interest or principal on the Notes. 
The above is an overview of the Central Bank of Chile’s regulations with respect to the issuance of debt securities, 
including the Notes, as in force and effect as of the date of this Prospectus.  We cannot assure you that restrictions will not 
be imposed in the future, nor can there be any assessment of the duration or impact of such restrictions if imposed.  This 
overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of Chapter XIII and 
XIV of the Central Bank Compendium, a copy of which is available from us upon request.

--- Page 61 ---
49 
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
Introduction 
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements, included 
elsewhere in this Prospectus and the section entitled “Presentation of Financial and Other Information” included in this 
Prospectus.  Certain amounts (including percentage amounts) that appear herein have been rounded for ease of presentation.  
Percentage figures included herein have not in all cases been calculated on the basis of such rounded figures but on the basis 
of such amounts prior to rounding.  For this reason, certain percentage amounts may vary from those obtained by performing 
the same calculations using the figures in our audited consolidated financial statements.  Certain other amounts may not sum 
due to rounding. 
The financial data presented herein as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 is stated in 
nominal Chilean pesos. 
Impact of Economic Conditions in Chile 
Substantially all of our operations and our customers (other than those of CNB) are located in Chile.  Accordingly, 
our financial condition and results of operations are substantially dependent upon economic conditions prevailing in Chile.  
Chile experienced profound economic reforms during the second half of the 1980s and the second half of the 1990s 
that led to economic growth rates averaging more than 7% per annum from 1985 until the onset of the Asian economic crisis 
in 1997. Afterwards, the average rate of growth from 1998 to 2007 slowed to 4.4% per annum. The Chilean economy suffered 
the effects of the international financial crisis in 2008 that originated in the U.S. real estate sector, and in 2009 economic 
activity in Chile decreased 1.6%. In December 2009, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development 
(“OECD”) invited Chile to become a full member, after a two year period of compliance with organizational mandates, and 
in May 2010 Chile signed the OECD Convention, becoming the first South American country to join the OECD. Beginning 
in 2010, the Chilean economy experienced a boom in investment, which was particularly associated with mining activities 
during the commodities super cycle between 2010 and 2013, and boosted economic activity led to an average Chilean GDP 
growth of 5.4% during that four-year period. Between 2014 and 2018 the average Chilean GDP was 2.2%. In 2019, the 
Chilean GDP only grew 0.6%, as a result of social unrest in the last part of 2019. In October 2019, widespread protests began 
in Chile over the government’s announcement of an increase in subway fares in Santiago and quickly grew into broader 
unrest over economic inequality, including claims about transportation costs, funding for education, healthcare costs and 
pension amounts, among others. Following an agreement among Chilean political parties, the Chilean Congress convened a 
nationwide referendum to vote for a new Chilean Constitution. Between 2020 and 2023, Chile had two constitutional 
processes with their respective proposals of constitutional reforms and both were rejected by the Chilean voters.  
In 2020, a global pandemic crisis emerged with significant worldwide impact over health conditions and economic 
activity. The COVID-19 pandemic had a significant adverse impact on the world economy. The strategies that restrict social 
gathering and promote social distancing, such as quarantines and travel restrictions, and other measures implemented by 
governments around the world to prevent the virus from spreading, had a dramatic adverse consequences for the global 
economy, including demand, operations, supply chains and financial markets. See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our 
Business— The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in recognition of credit losses in our loan portfolios and increase in our 
additional provisions for credit losses, and affected our capacity to provide services to our customers” and “Risk Factors—
Risks Relating to Chile—The spread of the coronavirus disease, or COVID-19, has disrupted and may continue to disrupt the 
world economy in a magnitude that is not yet determinable, which could materially affect our operations and results of 
operations.” In 2020, Chilean GDP decreased 6.1% mainly due to the lower activity in the economy related to the pandemic. 
To face the pandemic crisis, the Chilean government implemented several mobility restrictions, including curfews and 
quarantines, delivered a plan to protect incomes for formal and informal jobs, deferred tax payments and fiscal backed loans 
to SMEs, and provided wage subsidies for new jobs. The Central Bank of Chile lowered the monetary policy rate to 0.5%, 
unveiled a Conditional Financing Facility Fund (FCIC) to ease bank loans to the private sector and purchased bank bonds in 
order to provide liquidity to financial markets, and the CMF allowed flexibility with respect to the deadlines to implement 
Basel III standards. In August 2020, the Chilean Congress approved a partial pension fund withdrawal, imposing a one-time 
liquidity injection to household income, but with a negative long-term effect over private pension fund and macroeconomic 
balance. A second pension fund withdrawal was approved in November 2020 and a third one in April 2021. The second 
pension fund withdrawal expired in December 2021 and the third pension fund withdrawal expired in April 2022. In 2021, 
the Chilean GDP grew 11.3%, mainly due to an increase in fiscal transfers to households and the partial pension funds 
withdrawals approved by the Chilean Congress in 2020 and 2021. The economic recovery was also supported by a successful

--- Page 62 ---
50 
vaccination process, with approximately 90% and 60% of the Chilean population having received a second and third dose of 
the vaccine against the COVID-19, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, pension funds withdrawals amounted 
approximately to US$50 billion and the Chilean government provided economic support to households in an aggregate 
amount beyond 20% of the Chilean GDP, mainly as a result of direct fiscal transfers to households in an amount of US$50 
billion. Although private consumption had decreased in 2020 by 7.4% compared to 2019, it increased by 21% in 2021 
compared to 2020, respectively. The unemployment rate in Chile increased to 13.1% in July 2020, the highest rate level since 
the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2021, the labor market in Chile started to recover, mainly as a result of the 
employment support measures implemented by the Chilean government, reaching its lowest level at 7.2% in December. In 
2022, a new government took office. The political agenda of this government includes approving a tax reform, a pension 
reform and a healthcare reform, all of which are being discussed in the Congress as of the date of this Prospectus. In 2022 
and 2023, the Chilean GDP increased by 2.1% and 0.2%, respectively. 
With respect to inflation, the Central Bank of Chile started using a partial inflation targeting framework for its 
monetary policy in 1990, moving to its full adoption in September 1999, in combination with a flexible foreign exchange 
regime. Since 1999, the Central Bank has a 3% annual inflation target within a range between 2% and 4%, and the average 
inflation has been 3.16%, except during the global economic crisis in 2007 and 2008 and the offer-side shock in 2022. In 
2020, the inflation lowered in the first half of the year, but ended at 3.0% at the end of the year. During 2021, inflation 
increased to 7.2% due to an increase in demand for goods, a 17% currency depreciation during 2021, as well as increasing 
oil prices and global supply chain disruptions. In response, the Central Bank of Chile moved from an extraordinary 
expansionary monetary policy to contractive monetary policies. The monetary policy rate increased from 0.5% in June 2021 
to 4.0% in December 2021. During 2022, inflation increased to 12.8% and reached 14.08% in August, the highest level since 
September 1992. In October 2022, the Central Bank of Chile increased its monetary policy rate to 11.25%, its maximum level 
since October 1998. Inflation increased in the second half of 2023. As a result, in July 2023 the Central Bank started an easing 
cycle. 
The following graph shows the inflation rate and the monetary policy rate in Chile from 2011 to 2024: 
 
Source: Central Bank of Chile 
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
2011
2011
2012
2012
2013
2013
2014
2014
2015
2015
2016
2016
2017
2017
2018
2018
2019
2019
2020
2020
2021
2021
2022
2022
2023
2023
2024
Chile. CPI & Monetary Policy Rate (%)
MPR
CPI YoY

--- Page 63 ---
51 
The following graph shows GDP increase/decrease from 2006 to 2023: 
 
Source: Central Bank of Chile 
With respect to credit rating, Chile’s long-term international debt credit rating has been gradually downgraded by 
the main rating agencies. In December 2023 Fitch affirmed the credit rating of Chile’s long-term foreign currency as A-, with 
stable outlook. In October 2023, S&P Global Ratings affirmed its A-1 long-term foreign currency and its A/A-1 long-term 
local currency sovereign credit ratings on Chile, and changed the outlook from stable to negative due to weaker political 
consensus on the key parameters of Chile’s political and economic agenda. In September 2022, Moody’s downgraded the 
Government of Chile’s long-term local and foreign-currency issuer and senior unsecured ratings to A2 from A1, and the 
senior unsecured foreign-currency long-term shelf rating to (P)A2 from (P)A1, and changed the outlook from negative to 
stable. See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Chile—Any downgrading of Chile’s debt credit rating for domestic and 
international debt by international credit rating agencies may also affect our ratings, our business, our future financial 
performance, stockholders’ equity and the value of our securities, and any downgrading of our credit ratings could increase 
our cost of funding and adversely affect our interest margins and results of operations.” 
The Chilean Banking Industry 
During the last twenty years, the Chilean banking industry experienced increased consolidation and had many new 
players enter the market.  In 1998, 32 financial institutions operated in Chile and the five largest banks had a combined market 
share of approximately 75%.  That year, CorpBanca acquired Financiera Condell and the assets of Corfinsa and Citibank 
Chile acquired Corporación Financiera Atlas.  The market experienced two mergers in 2002: Banco de Chile with Banco 
Edwards and Banco Santander with Banco Santiago.  During that same year, Banco Ripley began operating.  In 2003, Banco 
del Desarrollo merged with Sudameris and in 2004 Banco Penta and Banco Paris commenced operations.  Then in 2005, we 
acquired Financiera Conosur.  In 2008, Banco de Chile merged with Citibank and Scotiabank acquired Banco del Desarrollo.  
Thus, by the end of 2008, only 25 financial institutions were operating in Chile.  In December 2013, Ripley consolidated its 
retail and banking credit cards, with the consolidated results reported under Banco Ripley since January 31, 2014.  In January 
2015, Banco BTG Pactual started operating in Chile, in May 2015, Scotiabank began operating Banco Paris credit cards and 
consumer loans and in October 2015, we completed the purchase of City National Bank of Florida.  In April 2016, the merger 
between Itaú and CorpBanca was completed, with the new bank operating under the name of Itaú CorpBanca. In June 2016, 
China Construction Bank began operating in Chile, in September 2016, Deutsche Bank exited the market and in December 
2016, Scotiabank purchased the remaining portion of Banco Paris. The merger between Itaú and CorpBanca in 2016 and our 
acquisition of CNB in October 2015 affected the comparability of industry data between 2015 and 2016.  The Chilean banking 
system continued to experience changes during 2017. Banco Penta ceased its operations in February 2017, as did Rabobank 
in April 2017. 
In June 2018, we closed the acquisition of TotalBank through our subsidiary, CNB, for which we paid US$528,939 
thousand. After closing this acquisition, Bci became the second largest bank in Chile in terms of consolidated total loans. In 
July 2018, Scotiabank closed the purchase of a majority stake in BBVA Chile.  Both banks merged in September 2018, under 
the name of Scotiabank Chile, consolidating the Canadian bank as one of the largest players in the industry.  In addition, 
Bank of China started its operations in the Chilean financial system. In December 2018, we also closed the acquisition of the 
five entities that composed Walmart Chile Servicios Financieros, while Banco Falabella incorporated Promotora CMR 
-8
-6
-4
-2
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
Chile. Real GDP Growth (%)

--- Page 64 ---
52 
Falabella data to its loan portfolio, resulting in a 20.2% year-over-year increase in consumer loans for the whole industry. 
During October 2020, CNB closed the acquisition of Executive National Bank in Florida (United States), for which we paid 
US$62 million. As of December 31, 2023, the Chilean banking system is composed of one public-sector bank and 16 private-
sector banks (of which 13 were Chilean banks and three were Chilean branches of foreign banks). As of the same date, 
private-sector Chilean banks and the Chilean branches of foreign banks accounted for 86.21% and 0.12% of all outstanding 
loans in the Chilean financial system, respectively, according to information published by the CMF. 
Between 2004 and 2008, the Chilean banking sector grew at annual nominal rates over 16%.  Due to the changes in 
accounting standards, data for the Chilean banking industry from 2009 to date is not comparable to that for 2008 and prior 
years. Starting in 2010, the banking industry has experienced a decrease in the loans growth rate. The following graph shows 
the nominal increase or decrease in loans from 2000 to 2023 for the Chilean banking industry: 
 
Source: CMF 
 
In 2020, commercial loans increased 4.3% mainly due to the Chilean government’s support to the commercial loan 
segment, while consumer loans decreased 13%. In 2021, commercial loans increased 9.8%, mortgages loans increased 13.5% 
as a result of the recovery of the economic activity in 2021, and consumer loans increased 2.0% due to the high liquidity in 
aid programs to households and pension fund withdrawals implemented by the Chilean government during the COVID-19 
pandemic. In 2022, commercial loans, consumer loans and mortgages loans increased 7%, 11% and 14%, respectively. In 
2023, commercial loans, consumer loans and mortgages loans increased 0.8%, 4.0% and 7.3%, respectively, mainly due to 
the deterioration of economic activity. According to Bank Loan Survey Results, a quarterly publication of the Central Bank 
of Chile, as of the last quarter of 2023, loans offered to large enterprises displayed more restrictive standards compared to the 
third quarter of 2023, however, loans offered to SMEs and households did not report significant changes compared to the 
third quarter of 2023. At the end of 2023, credit granting standards for the consumer and housing portfolio do not present 
major variations compared to the third quarter of 2023. Meanwhile, at the end of 2023, credit supply conditions for large 
companies were restricted compared to the third quarter of 2023, which is reflected in the increase of the percentage of banks 
that reported demanding granting standards to 31%, above the 7% which was reported in the to the third quarter of 2023. For 
SMEs, no major changes were observed since 91% of the banks did not report changes in their conditions. Regarding the 
economic sector, credit granting conditions became more restrictive for construction, increasing to 40% the proportion of 
entities that reported stricter conditions, above the 30% that was reported in the third quarter of 2023. Likewise, the percentage 
of banks surveyed that indicated more restrictive standards for real estate companies increased from 27% at the end of the 
third quarter of 2023 to 46% at the end of 2023. 
Net interest income increased 15.54% in 2019, mainly due to increased inflation in Chile. In 2020, the net interest 
income increased 3.23% despite the macroeconomic adversity due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2021, net interest income 
increased 11.92% mainly due to the increase of inflation in Chile. In 2022, net interest income increased 15% mainly due to 
the increase of inflation in Chile. In 2023, inflation rate started to decrease to its target but the US$/Ch$ exchange rate had a 
positive impact and the net interest income increased 17.14%. 
-5%
0%
5%
10%
15%
20%
25%
$0
$20.000.000
$40.000.000
$60.000.000
$80.000.000
$100.000.000
$120.000.000
$140.000.000
$160.000.000
$180.000.000
$200.000.000
2000 2002 2004 2006 2008
2010
2012
2014
2016
2018
2020
2022
Chile. Total Loans in the Banking System
(CLP$ Millions; YoY %)
Total Loans
Annual Growth (rhs)

--- Page 65 ---
53 
The risk index for the Chilean banking industry was 2.56% in 2019, explained by the fact that in July 2019 the CMF 
(former SBIF) started the implementation of new regulatory requirements for standard models (group lending), which led to 
an increase in industry allowances for loan losses. During 2020 the risk index reached 2.71% due to the deterioration of the 
employment rates that affected the retail business as well as the effect of the pandemic-related lockdown over companies and 
businesses. In 2021, the risk index decreased and reached 2.37%, mainly attributable to the larger liquidity of households as 
a result of an increase in fiscal transfers and pensions funds withdrawals. In 2022, the risk index increased and reached 2.46%, 
mainly attributable to the larger liquidity of households as a result of an increase in fiscal transfers and pensions funds 
withdrawals. In 2023, the risk index increased to 2.57% mainly due to the increase in the unemployment rate. 
The return on equity in 2019 was 12.10%. In 2020, it reached 5.56% due to lower margins and more allowances for 
loan losses. In 2021, however, return on equity increased to 16.62%. In 2022, return on equity increased to 19.45%, one of 
the largest in recent years. In 2023, return on equity decreased to 14.33%. See “The Chilean Banking Industry.” 
City National Bank of Florida and the Impact of Economic Conditions in the Florida Real Estate Market 
According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, Florida’s real GDP decreased 2.9% year-over-year in 2020. In 2021, 
Florida’s GDP grew 8.4% year-over-year, an important recovery after the pandemic impact of 2020. In 2022, Florida’s GDP 
grew 4.0% year-over-year, and represented 5.4% of the total U.S. GDP, representing the third most important U.S. state in 
terms of GDP. In 2023, Florida’s GDP grew 4.6% year-over-year. According to estimates from the United States Census 
Bureau, in 2023 Florida had a total population of 21.54 million people and in 2022 the median household annual income in 
Florida was US$69,303. The Florida unemployment rate was 2.5% and 3.1% at December 2022 and 2023, respectively, 
below the U.S. national unemployment rate of 3.5%. The Case-Shiller home price index for Florida (Miami) reflected a year-
over-year increase of 79% at December 2023. Conditions affecting the real estate loan market in Florida have a direct impact 
on City National Bank of Florida’s business and results of operations. 
Effects of Inflation 
Because we are a bank, substantially all of our assets and liabilities are monetary. Substantially all monetary assets 
and liabilities in Chile are denominated in (i) UFs, a unit of account developed during the 1960s whose value in pesos is 
indexed to Chilean inflation, (ii) nominal pesos or (iii) foreign currencies (primarily the U.S. dollar).  A significant portion 
of the loans made by us with a maturity greater than 90 days are denominated in UFs, as are savings accounts and certain 
term deposits (generally those having maturities in excess of 90 days).  The nominal peso value of UF-denominated loans 
and deposits will increase or decrease in tandem with changes in the Chilean consumer price index.  The effect of any changes 
in the nominal peso value of the UF on UF-denominated assets or liabilities is reflected in our statement of income as an 
increase or decrease in interest income or expense. 
Our net interest income will be positively affected by an inflationary environment to the extent that our average 
assets denominated in UFs exceed our average liabilities denominated in UFs.  Our net interest income will be negatively 
affected by inflation in any period in which our average liabilities denominated in UFs exceed our average assets denominated 
in UFs.  In addition, we have peso-denominated, non-interest earning assets and non-interest bearing liabilities, the value of 
which is particularly susceptible to inflation, which decreases their value in real terms. 
Interest Rates 
Interest rates earned and paid on our assets and liabilities reflect to a certain degree inflation and expectations 
regarding inflation as well as shifts in short-term rates related to the Central Bank of Chile’s monetary policies.  The Central 
Bank of Chile manages short-term interest rates based on its objectives of balancing low inflation and economic growth.  
Because our liabilities generally re-price to reflect interest rate changes faster than our assets, changes in the rate of inflation 
or short-term rates in the economy are reflected in the rates of interest we pay on our liabilities before such changes are 
reflected in the rates of interest we earn on our assets.  Accordingly, our net interest margin on assets and liabilities tends to 
be adversely affected in the short term by increases in inflation or short-term rates and to benefit in the short term from 
decreases in inflation or short-term rates. 
In addition, because our peso-denominated liabilities have relatively short repricing periods, they are generally more 
responsive to changes in inflation or short-term rates than our UF-denominated liabilities.  As a result, during periods when 
current inflation or expected inflation exceeds the previous month’s inflation, customers often switch funds from UF-
denominated deposits to more expensive peso-denominated deposits, thereby adversely affecting our net interest margin.

--- Page 66 ---
54 
Foreign Exchange Rates 
A portion of our assets and liabilities is denominated in foreign currencies, principally the U.S. dollar, and we 
historically have maintained gaps between the balances of such assets and liabilities.  At December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 
the gaps between our average foreign currency-denominated assets and our average foreign currency-denominated liabilities 
(where the liabilities exceeded such assets in 2021, 2022 and 2023) were Ch$2,356,059 million, Ch$4,931,242 million and 
Ch$6,030,048 million, respectively.  Because such assets and liabilities, as well as interest earned or paid on such assets and 
liabilities, and gains (losses) realized upon the sale of such assets, are translated to pesos in preparing our financial statements, 
our reported income is affected by changes in the value of the peso with respect to foreign currencies.  See “Exchange Rates” 
and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition—Financial Condition—Asset 
and Liability Management—Exchange Rate Sensitivity.” 
We enter into derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to exchange rates volatility.  See “Quantitative 
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk––Disclosures Regarding Derivative Financial Instruments.”  
Critical Accounting Policies 
We have identified certain key accounting policies on which our financial position and results of operations are 
dependent.  These key accounting policies generally involve complex quantitative analyses or are based on subjective 
judgments or decisions which are evaluated on an ongoing basis.  Management bases its estimates and assumptions on 
historical experience and on various other factors that it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances.  Actual results in 
future periods could differ from those estimates and assumptions. 
Our most critical accounting policies under the New Compendium are those related to the establishment of 
allowances for loan losses, fair value of financial assets and liabilities and impairment of investment securities.  For a 
description of our significant accounting policies, see Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements included 
elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
(a) 
Allowance for loan losses 
The allowances required to cover expected losses on outstanding loans have been recognized in accordance with the 
regulations of the CMF (former SBIF). The allowance for loan losses for our loan portfolio is calculated primarily based on 
the classification and rating of loan portfolios set forth under the regulations issued by the CMF (former SBIF) into prescribed 
categories.  There are two components of a bank’s allowance for loan losses:  individual and collective.  All loans which 
exceed a certain threshold are individually assessed for impairment.  Impairment allowances for portfolios of smaller balance 
and homogeneous loans that are below the individual assessment thresholds are determined on a collective basis.  See 
“Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Loans.” 
To calculate our allowance for loan losses, the New Compendium requires that we follow a methodology to classify 
loans considering the borrower’s industry or sector, owners or managers, financial condition, payment ability and payment 
behavior, among others, in the loan’s rating analysis to estimate a probable loss and define the percentage of necessary 
reserves. 
Our allowance for loan losses is presented net from the account of loans and receivable of each customer and all 
write-offs of uncollectible loans are charged against this account if certain conditions established by the CMF (former SBIF) 
are met.  In addition, Chilean banks are required to inform the CMF (former SBIF) after such write-offs have been recorded.  
The allowance for loan losses is an estimate and differences between the estimate and the actual loss will be reflected in our 
financial statements at the time of write-off. 
(b) 
Fair value measurements 
Financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value and derivative instruments are recorded at fair value on the 
balance sheet.  Fair values are obtained from quoted market prices and by using valuation techniques.  These include the use 
of recent arm’s length transactions, reference to other instruments that are substantially identical, discounted cash flow 
analysis, option pricing models and other valuation techniques commonly used by market participants.  If market information 
is limited or in some instances not available, we use our own judgment, which adds a degree of subjectivity to such 
determinations of fair value.

--- Page 67 ---
55 
(c) 
Impairment of Financial Assets 
We assess at each reporting date whether there is objective evidence that a financial asset is impaired.  A financial 
asset is impaired and impairment losses are incurred if, and only if, there is objective evidence of impairment as a result of 
one or more loss events that occurred after the initial recognition of the asset and prior to the reporting date and that those 
loss events that have had an impact over the estimated cash flows of the financial asset or portfolio can be reliably estimated. 
The amount of impairment loss is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the present value of 
the estimated cash flows of the asset. 
Management judgment is required in determining whether factors exist that indicate that an impairment loss has 
been incurred at the balance sheet date.  Our assessment of impairment involves risks and uncertainties depending on market 
conditions. 
Segment Reporting 
(a) 
Overview 
In accordance with IFRS 8, we aggregate operating segments with similar economic characteristics based on the 
aggregation criteria specified in such standard.  Thus, a reporting segment comprises clients (within aggregated operating 
segments) to whom differentiated products are addressed, which are homogeneous and whose performance is measured in a 
similar way.  We present our reporting segments based on a defined business structure, which is focused on optimizing 
assistance to clients with products and services according to relevant commercial characteristics.  
The following are our reporting segments: 
 
Retail.  This reporting segment serves natural persons, and its business units are personal and premium. 
 
SME. This operating segment includes companies with sales of up to UF80,000 per year. 
 
Wholesale Banking Segment.  This reporting segment mainly includes companies whose annual sales exceed 
UF80,000. The operating units in this operating segment are: large companies (companies, large business 
companies and real estate), corporate bank and institutional clients. 
 
Finance Segment.  This reporting segment includes our investment portfolio and our wealth management 
unit, which is addressed to high net worth investors with financial needs of high value added financial 
services, including private banking. The private banking unit was previously under the Wholesale Banking 
segment. 
 
BCI Financial Group.  This reporting segment includes the businesses and operations we carry out in the 
United States through City National Bank of Florida, which operates as an independent unit, under the 
supervision of our senior management in Chile. 
 
Financial Services.  This reporting segment includes businesses associated with the five entities forming 
Servicios Financieros, which we acquired in December 2018, and mainly includes the issuance and operation 
of Bci Lider Mastercard and Presto credit cards, the origination of advances and brokerage of personal 
insurance, among others.  This business operates as an independent unit, under the supervision of our senior 
management in Chile. 
 
Others.  In this category, we include those expenses and/or income, which by their nature are not directly 
identifiable within the five reportable segments above and therefore are not assigned. 
Consistent with our client-focused strategy, each segment includes the income and expenses generated by the 
subsidiaries under each segment derived from services to our clients in those respective segments. 
For more information on our reporting segments, see Note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included in this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 68 ---
56 
(b) 
Allocation of Expenses 
We allocate administrative expenses of our subsidiaries using an “activity based costing” system, an internal 
methodology that takes into account the business activities of our subsidiaries and assigns these expenses to our different 
reporting segments regardless of which of our subsidiaries incurred the expense.  We assign expenses to our different 
reporting segments in three ways: 
 
Own expenses: correspond to the expenses of the commercial units that are divided into direct business 
expenses (personnel expenses, customer service, extra expenses, materials, and supplies, among others) and 
intercommercial expenses, which are assigned to the business by survey or ABC (transactions). 
 
Assigned expenses: expenses of support units (Operations, Risk, Management, etc.) that are assigned based on 
surreys (according to the services they provide to the business) or ABC (transactions). 
 
Technological expenses: correspond to technological expenses, whether depreciation, recurring expenses 
(software, licenses, maintenance, etc.) and expenses for new projects, which are grouped into the different 
technological applications of the Bank, which have a defined allocation driver for the banks based on their use 
(ABC model). 
(c) 
Results of Operations by Segment 
The following tables set forth certain income statement data for the years indicated: 
 
Year ended December 31, 2023 
 
Retail 
Small and 
Medium 
Enterprise 
Wholesale 
Banking 
Finance   
BCI 
Financial 
Group 
Financial 
Services 
Others(3) 
Consolidated 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Net interest and Inflation-indexation income ...........  
584,218 
199,653  
577,771  
129,071  
395,443  
96,279  
38,876  
2,021,311  
Net fee income .........................................................  
142,967 
36,250  
96,740  
4,223  
28,054  
24,793  
7,778  
340,805  
Other operating income(1) .........................................  
4,448 
11,726  
53,459  
55,647  
42,173  
12,968  
(38,226) 
142,195  
Total operating income ..........................................  
731,633 
247,629  
727,970  
188,941  
465,670  
134,040  
8,428  
2,504,311  
Provisions for credit loss ..........................................  
(235,917) 
(20,491) 
9,249 
424 
(35,284) 
(116,027) 
(1,209) 
(399,255) 
Net operating income .............................................  
495,716 
227,138 
737,219 
189,365 
430,386 
18,013 
7,219 
2,105,056 
Total operating expenses .......................................  
(438,243) 
(145,610) 
(221,883) 
(68,734) 
(268,042) 
(84,000) 
(76,587) 
(1,303,099) 
Operating income (loss)(2) ......................................  
57,473 
81,528 
515,336 
120,631 
162,344 
(65,987) 
(69,368) 
801,957 
 
(1) 
Includes trading and investment income, net and foreign exchange loss, net. 
(2) 
The breakdown of consolidated net operating income shown is used for internal reporting, planning and marketing purposes and is based on, among 
other things, our estimated funding cost and direct and indirect cost allocations. This breakdown may differ in some respects from breakdowns of our 
net operating income for financial and regulatory purposes. See “Financial Services” for additional information with respect to the operations, assets, 
liabilities and income of our financial service subsidiaries. 
(3) 
Income and expenses that, due to their nature, are not directly identified with or allocated to one of our specific segments.  
 
 
Year ended December 31, 2022 
 
Retail 
Small and 
Medium 
Enterprise 
Wholesale 
Banking 
Finance   
BCI 
Financial 
Group 
Financial 
Services 
Others(3) 
Consolidated 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Net interest and Inflation-indexation income ...........  
636,270 
205,406 
550,144 
206,028 
540,863 
119,378 
51,627 
2,309,716 
Net fee income .........................................................  
174,296 
36,202 
85,443 
8,696 
34,816 
30,166 
(2,708) 
366,911 
Other operating income(1) .........................................  
9,581 
12,373 
45,204 
(86,820) 
37,743 
19,844 
(22,869) 
15,056 
Total operating income ..........................................  
820,147 
253,981 
680,791 
127,904 
613,422 
169,388 
26,050 
2,691,683 
Provisions for credit loss ..........................................  
(157,843) 
(59,366) 
(87,378) 
(3,415) 
(26,142) 
(133,284) 
(27,442) 
(494,870) 
Net operating income .............................................  
662,304 
194,615 
593,413 
124,489 
587,280 
36,104 
(1,392) 
2,196,813 
Total operating expenses .......................................  
(450,193) 
(143,691) 
(208,392) 
(90,457) 
(261,689) 
(85,666) 
(52,226) 
(1,292,314) 
Operating income (loss)(2) ......................................  
212,111 
50,924 
385,021 
34,032 
325,591 
(49,562) 
(53,618) 
904,499 
 
(1) 
Includes trading and investment income, net and foreign exchange loss, net. 
(2) 
The breakdown of consolidated net operating income shown is used for internal reporting, planning and marketing purposes and is based on, among 
other things, our estimated funding cost and direct and indirect cost allocations. This breakdown may differ in some respects from breakdowns of our 
net operating income for financial and regulatory purposes. See “Financial Services” for additional information with respect to the operations, assets, 
liabilities and income of our financial service subsidiaries. 
(3) 
Income and expenses that, due to their nature, are not directly identified with or allocated to one of our specific segments.

--- Page 69 ---
57 
 
Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
Retail 
Small and 
Medium 
Enterprise 
Wholesale 
Banking 
Finance(4) 
BCI 
Financial 
Group 
Financial 
Services 
Others(5) 
Consolidated 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Net interest and Inflation-indexation income ...........  
516,691 
183,456 
414,157 
114,740  
401,504 
112,103 
(42,247) 
1,700,404 
Net fee income .........................................................  
172,867 
37,887 
75,978 
12,381 
31,576 
27,027 
(2,086) 
355,630 
Other operating income(1) .........................................  
3,237 
11,816 
51,545 
(15,256) 
20,821 
13,987 
12,583 
98,733 
Total operating income ..........................................  
692,795 
233,159 
541,680 
111,865 
453,901 
153,117 
(31,750) 
2,154,767 
Provisions for credit loss(2) .......................................  
(150,691) 
(92,222) 
(104,370) 
(6,843) 
8,078 
(48,144) 
(6,932) 
(401,124) 
Net operating income .............................................  
542,104 
140,937 
437,310 
105,022 
461,979 
104,973 
(38,682) 
1,753,643 
Total operating expenses .......................................  
(376,188) 
(108,427) 
(167,302) 
(67,754) 
(196,704) 
(84,236) 
(33,292) 
(1,033,903) 
Operating income (loss)(3) ......................................  
165,916 
32,510 
270,008 
37,268 
265,275 
20,737 
(71,974) 
719,740 
 
(1) 
Includes trading and investment income, net and foreign exchange loss, net. 
(2) 
This amount includes Ch$158,470 million of “Additional and other contingency provisions” as permitted by the Chilean regulation, which are related 
to Retail, Small and Medium Enterprise, Wholesale Banking, and Corporate and Investment Banking Finance Division, but pursuant to Chilean 
regulations has been grouped and allocated to the other segments. 
(3) 
The breakdown of consolidated net operating income shown is used for internal reporting, planning and marketing purposes and is based on, among 
other things, our estimated funding cost and direct and indirect cost allocations. This breakdown may differ in some respects from breakdowns of our 
net operating income for financial and regulatory purposes. See “Financial Services” for additional information with respect to the operations, assets, 
liabilities and income of our financial service subsidiaries. 
(4) 
Private banking unit was relocated from Wholesale Banking to Finance for the year ended December 31, 2021.  
(5) 
Income and expenses that, due to their nature, are not directly identified with or allocated to one of our specific segments. 
 
Accounting Changes Affecting Comparability of Results of Operations 
On December 20, 2019, pursuant to circular letter No. 2,243, and as a result of various changes introduced by the 
IASB to the IFRS during recent years, particularly to the new IFRS 9, 15, 16 and the subsequent revision of the limitations 
in their application by national banks, the CMF decided to fully update the instructions of the Old Compendium. On April 
20, 2020, the CMF amended Chapter E “Transitional Provisions” of the Old Compendium and postponed the first effective 
date of the New Compendium to January 1, 2022, with an initial application date of January 1, 2021 for the comparative 
financial statements to be published as of the first quarterly interim period of 2022. The main impacts of the implementation 
of the New Compendium, both at the level of the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and the Consolidated 
Statement of Income, are explained in this Prospectus under “Presentation of Financial and Other Information–Accounting 
Changes.” Our consolidated financial information as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 is 
presented in this Prospectus giving effect to the New Compendium. See “Presentation of Financial and Other Information–
Accounting Changes.” 
Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 
This section presents consolidated and other financial and operating information for the years ended December 31, 
2022 and 2023. This information should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, our audited 
consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Prospectus.  
The following table sets forth the principal components of our consolidated profit for the years ended December 31, 
2022 and 2023: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
  
2022 
2023 
2022/2023 
  
(in millions of nominal Ch$) 
% Change 
Interest income ...................................................................................................  
2,903,692  
4,102,634  
41.3% 
Interest expense ..................................................................................................  
   (1,343,274) 
(2,539,336) 
89.0% 
Net interest income .............................................................................................  
  1,560,418 
1,563,298 
0.2% 
Inflation-indexation income ................................................................................  
1,476,901  
884,492  
(40.1)% 
Inflation-indexation expenses .............................................................................  
   (727,603) 
(426,479) 
(41.4)% 
Net inflation-indexation income .........................................................................  
749,298 
458,013 
(38.9)% 
Fee income .........................................................................................................  
    508,328  
512,405  
0.8% 
Fee expense ........................................................................................................  
   (141,417) 
(171,600) 
21.3% 
Net fee income ....................................................................................................  
   366,911 
340,805 
(7.1)% 
Finance income for: 
Financial assets and liabilities held for trading ...................................................  
   23,774  
247,786 
942.3% 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit 
or loss .................................................................................................................  
       (24,090)  
(13,750) 
(42.9)% 
Financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss ....  
      -  
- 
-

--- Page 70 ---
58 
 
Year ended December 31, 
  
2022 
2023 
2022/2023 
  
(in millions of nominal Ch$) 
% Change 
Income arising from derecognition of financial assets and liabilities measured 
at amortized cost and financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income .......................................................................................  
   8,399 
(12,105) 
(244.1)% 
Foreign currency changes, inflation-indexation and hedge accounting ..............  
(56,135) 
(141,510) 
152.1% 
Reclassification of financial assets due to change in business model .................  
- 
- 
- 
Other finance income..........................................................................................  
- 
- 
- 
Net finance income (expense) ............................................................................  
(48,052) 
80,421 
267.4% 
Income from investments in companies .............................................................  
  7,404  
16,018  
116.3% 
Income from non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale not 
admissible as discontinued operations ................................................................  
  9,702 
10,232  
5.5% 
Other operating income ......................................................................................  
53,406  
51,542  
(3.5)% 
    Total operating income.................................................................................  
 2,699,087 
2,520,329  
(6.6)% 
Expenses for employee benefit obligations ........................................................  
  (638,989) 
(665,866) 
4.2% 
Administrative expenses .....................................................................................  
(422,520) 
(498,105) 
17.9% 
Depreciation and amortization ............................................................................  
(113,643) 
(113,016) 
(0.6)% 
Impairment of non-financial assets .....................................................................  
(21,009) 
(2,547) 
(87.9)% 
Other operating expenses ....................................................................................  
(96,153) 
(23,565) 
(75.5)% 
Total operating expenses ..............................................................................  
(1,292,314) 
(1,303,099) 
0.8% 
Operating Income before credit losses .......................................................  
     1,406,773 
1,217,230 
(13.5)% 
Credit loss expense for: 
          
 
 
Provisions for credit risk of loans and advances to banks and loans and 
receivables from customers ................................................................................  
  (484,580)  
(508,542) 
4.9% 
Special provisions for credit risk ........................................................................  
  (81,910)  
39,126 
(147.8)% 
Recovery of written-off credits ...........................................................................  
  78,217  
77,158 
(1.4)% 
Impairment due to credit risk of other financial assets at amortized cost and 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ....................  
  (6,597)  
(6,997) 
6.1% 
Credit loss expense .............................................................................................  
  (494,870)  
(399,255) 
(19.3)% 
Operating Profit ..........................................................................................  
        911,903 
817,975 
(10.3)% 
Income tax ..........................................................................................................  
(90,879) 
(135,404) 
49.0% 
Consolidated Profit for the year ended ......................................................  
        821,024 
682,571 
(16.9)% 
 
 
Net interest income and net inflation-indexation income 
The following table sets forth information with respect to our net interest income and net inflation-indexation income 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023.  
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
2022/2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Total income from interest and indexation for inflation ................................... 
4,380,593 
4,987,126 
13.8% 
Total expenses for interest and indexation for inflation .................................... 
(2,070,877) 
(2,965,815) 
43.2% 
Net interest income and net inflation-indexation income .................................. 
2,309,716 
2,021,311 
(12.5)% 
Net interest margin(1) ........................................................................................ 
2.7% 
2.6% 
(3.7)% 
 
(1) 
Net interest margin is net interest income divided by monthly average interest-earning assets. 
 
The following table sets forth the effects of the changes in monthly average volume of interest-earning assets and 
interest-bearing liabilities and average nominal interest rates on our net interest income between December 31, 2022 and 
2023. 
 
 
2022/2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Due to changes in average volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities ............ 
4,968,638 
Due to changes in average nominal interest rate ................................................................................ 
(5,251,794) 
Net change ......................................................................................................................................... 
(283,156)

--- Page 71 ---
59 
 
Our net interest income and net inflation-indexation income decreased Ch$288,405 million, or 12.5%, from 
Ch$2,309,716 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to Ch$2,021,311 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, 
primarily as a result of an increase in total expenses for interest. 
 
Ch$145,420 million of our Ch$288,405 million decrease in net interest income and net inflation-indexation income 
for the year ended December 31, 2023 was attributable to CNB, primarily as a result of an increase in total expenses for 
interest. 
 
Interest Income and Inflation-Indexation Income 
The following table sets forth information regarding our interest income, inflation indexation income and average 
interest-earning assets for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023: 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
2022/2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Total income from interest and indexation for inflation ........................... 
4,380,593 
4,987,126 
13.8% 
Average interest earning assets(1): 
 
 
 
Commercial loans ..................................................................................... 
29,011,169 
28,603,047  
(1.4)% 
Mortgage loans ......................................................................................... 
11,983,516 
12,359,867  
3.1% 
Consumer loans ........................................................................................ 
3,572,290 
3,263,301  
(8.6)% 
Loans and receivables to banks ................................................................ 
748,440 
656,589  
(12.3)% 
Total loans ................................................................................................ 
45,315,415 
44,882,804  
(1.0)% 
Investments ............................................................................................... 
12,658,997 
14,035,864  
10.9% 
Other assets............................................................................................... 
2,203,990 
2,134,261  
(3.2)% 
Total average interest-earning assets ........................................................ 
60,178,402 
61,052,929  
1.5% 
Average nominal rates earned(1): 
 
 
 
Loans(2) ..................................................................................................... 
9.3% 
8.7% 
(6.5)% 
Investments ............................................................................................... 
5.2% 
5.9% 
13.5% 
Other assets............................................................................................... 
(20.8)% 
12.4% 
(159.6)% 
Average nominal rates earned .................................................................. 
7.3% 
8.2% 
12.3% 
Annual inflation rates ............................................................................... 
12.8% 
3.9% 
(69.5)% 
 
(1) 
Average interest-earning and average nominal rates earned are determined on a monthly average basis for the corresponding year. 
(2) 
Includes loans and receivables to banks, including commercial interbank loans, foreign trade credits Chilean exports, foreign trade credits between 
third countries, and allowance for loans with foreign banks. 
 
The following table sets forth the effects of the changes in average volume of interest-earning assets and average 
nominal interest rates on our interest income during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023. 
 
Year Ended 
December 31, 
2022/2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Due to changes in average volume of interest-earning assets ............................................................  
(447,456) 
Due to changes in average nominal interest rate ................................................................................  
1,055,294 
Net change ........................................................................................................................................  
607,838 
 
 
Our interest income and inflation-indexation income increased Ch$606,533 million, or 13.8% for the year ended 
December 31, 2023, from Ch$4,380,593 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to Ch$4,987,126 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2023, primarily as a result of an increase of 11.9% in our average nominal rates for 2023 compared to 
2022, together with an increase of 1.5% in our average interest earning assets for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
Of our Ch$606,533 million increase in interest income for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 2022, an 
increase of Ch$328,851 million was attributable to CNB, whose interest income increased 48.4% in 2023 compared to 2022,

--- Page 72 ---
60 
from Ch$679,973 million in 2022 to Ch$1,008,824 million in 2023. 
Interest Expense and inflation-indexation expense 
The following table sets forth certain information concerning our interest expense and inflation-indexation expense 
and average interest-bearing liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023: 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
2022/2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Total expenses for interest and indexation for inflation .......................... 
(2,070,877) 
(2,965,815) 
43.2% 
Average interest bearing liabilities(1): 
 
 
 
Term deposits .......................................................................................... 
14,253,848 
15,302,779  
7.4% 
Savings accounts ..................................................................................... 
2,468,387 
2,336,704  
(5.3)% 
Liabilities under agreements to repurchase ............................................. 
   236,238  
320,556  
35.7% 
Debt issued .............................................................................................. 
7,824,460 
9,434,173  
20.6% 
Other interest-bearing liabilities .............................................................. 
6,924,004 
6,743,748  
(2.6)% 
Total average interest bearing liabilities ................................................. 
31,706,937 
34,137,960  
7.7% 
Average nominal rates paid(1): 
 
 
 
Term deposits .......................................................................................... 
5.8% 
10.0% 
72.4% 
Debt issued .............................................................................................. 
12.5% 
5.9% 
(52.8)% 
Other interest bearing liabilities .............................................................. 
2.1% 
23.2% 
1004.8% 
Average nominal rates paid(2): ................................................................ 
5.7% 
8.7% 
52.6% 
Average real rates paid: .......................................................................... 
(5.9)% 
5.1% 
(186.4)% 
 
(1) 
Average interest-bearing liabilities are determined on a monthly average basis for the corresponding year. 
(2) 
Calculated taking into account average interest-bearing liabilities determined on a monthly average basis. 
 
The following table sets forth the effects of the changes in average volume of interest-bearing liabilities and average 
nominal interest rates on our interest expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023: 
 
Year Ended 
December 31, 
 
2022/2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Due to changes in average volume of interest-bearing liabilities ..........................................................................  
(5,416,094) 
Due to changes in average nominal interest rate ...................................................................................................  
6,307,088 
Net change ........................................................................................................................................................  
890,994 
 
Our interest expense and inflation indexation expense increased 43.2% for the year ended December 31, 2023, from 
Ch$2,070,877 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to Ch$2,965,815 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, 
primarily due to a 52.6% increase in average nominal rates paid on debt issued in 2023, and an increase of 7.7% in total 
average interest bearing liabilities. 
Of our Ch$894,938 million increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to 2022, 
an increase of Ch$474,271 million was attributable to an increase in the interest expense of CNB of 340.9% compared to 
December 31, 2022, from Ch$139,110 million in 2022 to Ch$613,381 million in 2023. 
Net Fee Income 
The following table sets forth information with respect to our net fee income for the years ended December 31, 2022 
and 2023: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
2022/2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Fee income ......................................................................................  
508,328 
512,405 
0.8%

--- Page 73 ---
61 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
2022/2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Fee expense ...................................................................................... 
(141,417) 
(171,600) 
21.3% 
Net fee income ............................................................................. 
366,911 
340,805 
(7.1)% 
 
Our net fee income decreased Ch$26,106 million, or 7.1%, in the year ended December 31, 2023, from Ch$366,911 
million in the year ended December 31, 2022 to Ch$340,805 million in the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily as a 
result of a 21.3% increase in fee expense. 
The increase in fee income was primarily attributable to increases in fees for lines of credit and checking account 
overdrafts. The increase in fee expenses was primarily attributable to increases in fees for card operation and fees for securities 
trading.  
Net fee income represented 13.5% of our total operating income for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared 
to 13.6% in the year ended December 31, 2022.  
Fee Income 
The following table sets forth the principal components of our fee income for the years ended December 31, 2022 
and 2023: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
2022/2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Loan prepayment fees ............................................................................  
4,508 
6,075 
34.8% 
Fees for lines of credit and checking account overdrafts .......................  
35,003 
39,556 
13.0% 
Fees for card services .............................................................................  
112,827 
104,232  
(7.6)% 
Account management fees .....................................................................  
60,022 
64,520  
7.5% 
Fees for collections and payments .........................................................  
82,067 
83,450  
1.7% 
Fees for securities brokerage and management (Stock Brokers and/or 
Securities Agency) .................................................................................  
7,313 
5,800  
(20.7)% 
Fees for administration of mutual funds, investment funds or other ......  
59,463 
58,468  
(1.7)% 
Fees for brokerage and insurance advisory services ..............................  
58,652 
59,591  
1.6% 
Fees for factoring services .....................................................................  
5,277 
5,134  
(2.7)% 
Fees for securitizations ...........................................................................  
159 
125  
(21.4)% 
Fees for financial advisory services .......................................................  
11,095 
15,369  
38.5% 
Other fees earned ...................................................................................  
71,942 
70,085  
(2.6)% 
Total fee income ................................................................................  
508,328 
512,405  
0.8% 
 
Our fee income increased 0.8% for the year ended December 31, 2023, from Ch$508,328 million for 2022 to 
Ch$512,405 million for  2023, primarily as a result of an increase in fees for financial advisory services and fees for line of 
credit and checking account overdrafts. 
In the year ended December 31, 2023, fee income increased Ch$4,077 million, however, CNB had a decrease of 
Ch$4,734 million in fee income, which was mainly attributable to a decrease in other fees earned. 
Fee Expenses 
The following table sets forth the principal components of our fee expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 
and 2023: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
2022/2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Fee for card operation .................................................................................  
(42,709) 
(50,545) 
18.3%

--- Page 74 ---
62 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
2022/2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
License fees for the use of card brands 
- 
(5,871) 
100.0% 
Expenses for obligations of loyalty programs and merits for card 
customers ....................................................................................................  
(27,039) 
(33,455) 
23.7% 
Fees for securities trading ...........................................................................  
(42,072) 
(51,819) 
23.2% 
Other commissions for services received ....................................................  
(29,597) 
(29,910) 
1.1% 
Total fee expenses .................................................................................  
(141,417) 
(171,600) 
21.3% 
 
Our fee expenses increased 21.3% for the year ended December 31, 2023, from Ch$141,417 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2022 to Ch$171,600 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily as a result of (i) a 
23.2% increase in fees for securities trading from Ch$42,072 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 to Ch$51,819 
million in the year ended December 31, 2022, and (ii) a 18.3% increase in fee for card operation, from Ch$42,709 million 
in the year ended December 31, 2022 to Ch$50,545 million in the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
In the year ended December 31, 2023, CNB had an increase of Ch$2,028 million in fee expenses, which was 
mainly attributable to an increase in fees for securities trading and other commissions for services received. 
  
Net Finance Income (Expense) 
The following table sets forth information with respect to our net finance income for the years ended December 31, 
2022 and 2023: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
2022/2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss: 
 
 
 
Financial derivative contracts ......................................................................  
37,067 
152,078  
310.3% 
Debt financial instruments ...........................................................................  
64,736 
95,453  
47.4% 
Other financial instruments ..........................................................................  
3,655 
(24,277) 
(764.4)% 
Equity instruments .......................................................................................  
(81,421) 
25,008  
(130.7)% 
Loans granted and received by the entity .....................................................  
(296) 
(476) 
60.8% 
Other ............................................................................................................  
33 
-  
(100.0)% 
Subtotal .......................................................................................................  
23,774 
247,786  
942.3% 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through 
profit or loss: 
 
 
 
Other financial instruments ..........................................................................  
(24,090) 
(13,750) 
(42.9)% 
Subtotal .......................................................................................................  
(24,090) 
(13,750) 
(42.9)% 
Financial income (expense) on derecognition of financial assets and 
liabilities at amortized cost and financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income: 
 
 
 
Financial assets at amortized cost ................................................................  
8,399 
1,488 
(82.3)% 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ............  
- 
(13,593) 
(100.0)% 
Subtotal .......................................................................................................  
8,399 
(12,105) 
(244.1)% 
Foreign currency changes, inflation-indexation and hedge accounting: 
 
 
 
Gain (loss) from foreign currency translation ..............................................  
43,278 
(179,285) 
(514.3)% 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ............  
(5,653) 
-  
(100.0)% 
Other assets ..................................................................................................  
(1,862) 
11,636  
(724.9)% 
Net income (expense) from derivatives in foreign currency risk hedges .....  
(91,898) 
26,139  
(128.4)% 
Subtotal .......................................................................................................  
(56,135) 
(141,510) 
152.1% 
Net Finance Income (Expense) .............................................................  
(48,052) 
80,421  
(267.4)% 
 
Net finance income increased 267.4% in 2023 compared to 2022, from a Ch$(48,052) million expense in 2022 to 
Ch$80,421 million income in 2022. This increase was primarily attributable to an increase in Financial assets held for trading 
at fair value through profit or loss, which is explained mainly by an increase of 310.3% in financial derivative contracts, and 
an increase in net income from derivatives in foreign currency risk hedges.

--- Page 75 ---
63 
Other Operating Income 
The following table sets forth the components of our other operating income for the years ended December 31, 2022 
and 2023:   
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
2022/2023 
 
(in millions of nominal Ch$) 
% Change 
Payments from insurance companies for claims other than operational 
risk related events ................................................................................  
23 
- 
(100.0)% 
Income from card brands issued (Visa, MC, etc) .....................................  
10,190 
5,941 
(41.7)% 
Income from expense recovery .................................................................  
4,432 
4,116 
(7.1)% 
Other income .............................................................................................  
38,761 
41,485 
7.0% 
Total ......................................................................................................  
53,406 
51,542 
(3.5)% 
 
Our other operating income decreased 3.5% in the year ended December 31, 2023, from Ch$53,406 million in the 
year ended December 31, 2022 to Ch$51,542 million in the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in 
income from card brands issued from Ch$10,190 million in 2022 to Ch$5,941 million in 2023. 
Credit Loss Expense 
Chilean banks are required to maintain allowances to cover possible credit losses in an amount at least equal to their 
loans to customers multiplied by their risk index.  The allowances for loan losses as a percentage of total loans are derived 
from our classification of our portfolio according to objective criteria relating to the performance of the loans and in 
accordance with the regulations of the CMF (former SBIF).  The amount of provision charged to income in any period consists 
of adjustments to the loan loss reserve including direct write-offs against income (equal to the portion of loans written off 
that is not covered by a reserve at the time of write-off). 
The following table sets forth information for our allowances for loan losses and their principal components, 
provision for loan losses and write-offs, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
2022/2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Credit loss expense: 
Allowances for loan losses at beginning of period ........................................................  
  (750,712)  
(877,163) 
16.8% 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period ................  
  (41,925)  
(5,044) 
(88.0)% 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the 
end of the period portfolio from (-) to (+): ....................................................................  
  (136,061)  
(145,436) 
6.9% 
New loans originated .....................................................................................................  
(157,683) 
(106,346) 
(32.6)% 
New loans for conversion of contingent to loans ...........................................................  
(51,225) 
(36,206) 
(29.3)% 
Sale or transfer of loans .................................................................................................  
3,736 
-  
(100.0)% 
Loan repayment .............................................................................................................  
111,770 
150,624  
34.8% 
Application of provisions for write-offs ........................................................................  
134,720 
180,838  
34.2% 
Recovery of written-off credits ......................................................................................  
(2,034) 
(191) 
(90.8)% 
Translation differences ..................................................................................................  
12,251 
(3,825) 
(131.2)% 
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) ...................................................................  
- 
(3,957) 
100.0% 
Allowances for loan losses at end of the period(1) ...................................................  
(877,163) 
(846,706) 
(3.5)% 
  
 
 
Other asset quality data: 
 
 
Total loans and receivables from customers ...............................................................  
46,176,295 
49,406,856 
7.0% 
Consolidated risk index (%)(2) ....................................................................................  
1.90% 
1.71% 
(10.0)% 
Additional allowances for loan losses ........................................................................  
415,022 
375,900 
(9.4)% 
Allowances for loan losses including contingency allowances ..................................  
1,292,185 
1,222,606 
(5.4)% 
Allowances for loan losses (including contingency allowances) as a percentage of 
total loans ................................................................................................................  
2.80% 
2.47% 
(11.8)% 
 
(1) 
Allowances for loan losses at end of the period does not include provision for interbank loans. 
(2) 
The risk index of our loan portfolio is calculated as allowances for loan losses as a percentage of total loans.

--- Page 76 ---
64 
Our allowances for loan losses including contingency allowances decreased 5.4% as of December 31, 2023, from 
Ch$1,292,185 million as of the December 31, 2022 to Ch$1,222,606 million as of December 31, 2023, primarily due to a 
release in additional provisions in commercial loans. 
Our additional allowances for loan losses decreased 9.4% as of December 31, 2023, from Ch$415,022 million as of 
December 31, 2022 to Ch$375,900 million as of December 31, 2023, primarily due to a release of additional provisions in 
commercial loans. 
CNB’s allowances for loan losses increased Ch$9,142 million in 2023, mainly due to an increase in additional 
voluntary provisions. Our CNB additional voluntary provisions increased Ch$26,938 million as of December 31, 2023, from 
a net release of additional provisions of Ch$15,271 million as of December 31, 2022, to additional provisions of Ch$11,667 
million as of December 31, 2023. 
As a result, our allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans, decreased from 2.80% in 2022 to 1.84% in 
2023.  
Operating Expenses 
The following table sets forth the principal components of our operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 
2022 and 2023: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
2022/2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Change 
 
 
 
 
Expenses for employee benefit obligations ..........................................................  
(638,989) 
(665,866) 
4.2% 
Administrative expenses .......................................................................................  
(422,520) 
(498,105) 
17.9% 
Depreciation and amortization ..............................................................................  
(113,643) 
(113,016) 
(0.6)% 
Impairment of non-financial assets .......................................................................  
         (21,009) 
(2,547) 
(87.9)% 
Other operating expenses ..................................................................................... 
         (96,153) 
(23,565)  
(75.5)% 
Total operating expenses ...............................................................................  
(1,292,314) 
(1,303,099) 
0.8% 
Efficiency ratio(1) ..................................................................................................  
47.9% 
51.7% 
7.9% 
 
(1) 
Operating expenses as a percentage of operating income. 
 
Our total operating expenses increased 0.8% in the year ended December 31, 2023, from Ch$1,292,314 million for 
the year ended December 31, 2022 to Ch$1,303,099 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, primarily due to higher 
expenses for employee benefit obligations and administrative expenses, and higher expenses made in banking digitalization 
and contruction of technological platforms. 
 
Income Tax 
Law No. 20,780, enacted and published in the Official Gazette of Chile in September 2014, as amended by Law 
No. 20,899, introduced certain amendments to Chilean income tax law that impact the calculation of our income tax.  Article 
14 of the Income Tax Law (Law Decree No. 824), as amended by Law No. 20,780 and Law No. 20,899, established two 
alternative systems of taxation for taxpayers obliged to declare their actual income determined under full accounting records: 
the Attributed System and the Partially Integrated System. Law No. 21,210 of 2020 eliminated the Attributed System and 
established the Partially Integrated System as the general regime for large companies.  See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to 
Chile—Changes in Chilean tax laws may increase our tax burden and adversely affect our profitability” for a description of 
such taxation systems. Since Bci is a stock corporation (sociedad anónima), we are subject to the general regime for large 
companies. 
The following table sets forth our Profit from continuing operations before tax and effective income tax rate for the 
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
2022/2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Profit from continuing operations before tax  ................................................. 
911,903 
817,975 
(10.3)% 
Income tax expense ........................................................................................ 
(90,879) 
(135,404) 
49.0% 
Effective income tax rate(2) ............................................................................. 
10% 
17% 
70.0%

--- Page 77 ---
65 
 
(1) 
Effective income tax rate is equal to income tax expense divided by income before income tax. 
 
The 49.0% or Ch$44,525 million increase in income tax expense, from Ch$90,879 million in 2022 to Ch$135,404 
million in 2023, was primarily attributable to an increase in the income tax derived from the monetary correction of the bank 
tax capital from a rate of 13.3% in 2022 to 4.8% in 2023.  
Consolidated Profit for the Year Ended 
As a result of the foregoing factors, our consolidated profit for the year ended decreased 16.9% for the year ended 
December 31, 2023, from Ch$821,024 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 to Ch$682,571 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2023. 
Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 
This section presents consolidated and other financial and operating information for the years ended December 31, 
2021 and 2022. This information should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, our audited 
consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Prospectus.  
The following table sets forth the principal components of our consolidated profit for the years ended December 31, 
2021 and 2022: 
 
 
Year ended December 31, 
  
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
  
(in millions of nominal Ch$) 
% Change 
Interest income .................................................................................................... 
1,709,828  
2,903,692  
69.8% 
Interest expense ................................................................................................... 
   (349,599) 
   (1,343,274) 
284.2% 
Net interest income ....................................................................................  
  1,360,229 
  1,560,418 
14.7% 
Inflation-indexation income ................................................................................. 
655,232  
1,476,901  
125.4% 
Inflation-indexation expenses .............................................................................. 
   (315,057) 
   (727,603) 
130.9% 
Net inflation-indexation income ...................................................................  
340,175 
749,298 
120.3% 
Fee income .......................................................................................................... 
    483,505  
    508,328  
5.1% 
Fee expense ......................................................................................................... 
   (127,875) 
   (141,417) 
10.6% 
Net fee income ...........................................................................................  
355,630 
366,911 
3.2% 
Finance income for: 
Financial assets and liabilities held for trading .................................................... 
   135,809  
   23,774  
(82.5)% 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit 
or loss .................................................................................................................. 
       -  
       (24,090)  
100% 
Financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss ..... 
      -  
      -  
- 
Income arising from derecognition of financial assets and liabilities measured 
at amortized cost and financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ........................................................................................ 
   - 
   8,399 
100% 
Foreign currency changes, inflation-indexation and hedge accounting ............... 
(85,472) 
(56,135) 
(34.3)% 
Reclassification of financial assets due to change in business model .................. 
- 
- 
- 
Other finance income........................................................................................... 
- 
- 
- 
Net finance income (expense) ............................................................................. 
50,337 
(48,052) 
(195.5) % 
Income from investments in companies .............................................................. 
  2,290  
  7,404  
223.3% 
Income from non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale not 
admissible as discontinued operations ................................................................. 
 11,637 
  9,702 
(16.6)% 
Other operating income ....................................................................................... 
36,759  
53,406  
45.3% 
    Total operating income.................................................................................. 
   2,157,057 
 2,699,087 
25.1% 
Expenses for employee benefit obligations ......................................................... 
  (540,053) 
  (638,989) 
18.3% 
Administrative expenses ...................................................................................... 
(333,896) 
(422,520) 
26.5% 
Depreciation and amortization ............................................................................. 
(106,931) 
(113,643) 
6.3% 
Impairment of non-financial assets ...................................................................... 
(23) 
(21,009) 
n.m. 
Other operating expenses ..................................................................................... 
(53,000) 
(96,153) 
81.4% 
Total operating expenses ............................................................................... 
(1,033,903) 
(1,292,314) 
25.0% 
Operating Income before credit losses ....................................................... 
     1,123,154 
1,406,773 
25.3% 
Credit loss expense for: 
   
   
 
Provisions for credit risk of loans and advances to banks and loans and 
receivables from customers ................................................................................. 
  (287,367) 
  (484,580)  
68.6%

--- Page 78 ---
66 
 
Year ended December 31, 
  
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
  
(in millions of nominal Ch$) 
% Change 
Special provisions for credit risk ......................................................................... 
  (192,403)  
  (81,910)  
(57.4)% 
Recovery of written-off credits ............................................................................ 
  78,646  
  78,217  
(0.5)% 
Impairment due to credit risk of other financial assets at amortized cost and 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ..................... 
  -  
  (6,597)  
(100)% 
Credit loss expense .............................................................................................. 
  (401,124)  
  (494,870)  
23.4% 
Operating Profit ........................................................................................... 
     722,030 
911,903 
26.3% 
Income tax ................................................................................................  
(201,484) 
(90,879) 
(54.9)% 
Consolidated Profit for the year ended ...................................................... 
   520,546 
821,024 
57.7% 
 
“n.m.” means not meaningful. 
 
 
Net interest income and net inflation-indexation income 
The following table sets forth information with respect to our net interest income and net inflation-indexation income 
for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022.  
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Total income from interest and indexation for inflation ................................... 
2,365,060 
4,380,593 
85.2% 
Total expenses for interest and indexation for inflation .................................... 
(664,656) 
(2,070,877) 
211.6% 
Net interest income and net inflation-indexation income .................................. 
1,700,404 
2,309,716 
35.8% 
Net interest margin(1) ......................................................................................... 
2.7% 
2.7% 
(1.4)% 
 
(1) 
Net interest margin is net interest income divided by monthly average interest-earning assets. 
The following table sets forth the effects of the changes in monthly average volume of interest-earning assets and 
interest-bearing liabilities and average nominal interest rates on our net interest income between December 31, 2021 and 
2022. 
 
 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Due to changes in average volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities ............ 
272,516 
Due to changes in average nominal interest rate ................................................................................ 
336,796 
Net change ......................................................................................................................................... 
609,312 
 
 
Our net interest income and net inflation-indexation income increased Ch$609,312 million, or 35.8%, from 
Ch$1,700,404 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to Ch$2,309,716 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 
primarily as a result of a 69.8% increase in our interest income, mainly due to a growth in loans in the context of higher 
inflation and interest rates. 
 
Ch$139,358 million of our Ch$609,312 million increase in net interest income for the year ended December 31, 
2022 was attributable to CNB, primarily as a result of an increase in commercial loans. 
 
Interest Income and Inflation-Indexation Income 
The following table sets forth information regarding our interest income and average interest-earning assets for the 
year ended December 31, 2021 and the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Interest income ......................................................................................... 
2,365,060 
4,380,593 
85.2% 
Average interest earning assets(1):

--- Page 79 ---
67 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Commercial loans ..................................................................................... 
24,462,775 
29,011,169 
18.6% 
Mortgage loans ......................................................................................... 
9,750,345 
11,983,516 
22.9% 
Consumer loans ........................................................................................ 
3,314,207 
3,572,290 
7.8% 
Loans and receivables to banks ................................................................ 
427,209 
748,440 
75.2% 
Total loans ................................................................................................ 
37,954,536 
45,315,415 
19.4% 
Investments ............................................................................................... 
10,291,058 
12,658,997 
23.0% 
Other assets............................................................................................... 
1,509,041 
2,203,990 
46.1% 
Total average interest-earning assets ........................................................ 
49,754,635 
60,178,402 
21.0% 
Average nominal rates earned(1): 
 
 
 
Loans(2) ..................................................................................................... 
6.5% 
9.3% 
43.1% 
Investments ............................................................................................... 
2.3% 
5.2% 
126.1% 
Other assets............................................................................................... 
(20.5)% 
(20.8)% 
1.5% 
Average nominal rates earned .................................................................. 
4.8% 
7.3% 
52.1% 
Annual inflation rates ............................................................................... 
7.2% 
12.8% 
77.8% 
 
(1) 
Average interest-earning and average nominal rates earned are determined on a monthly average basis for the corresponding year. 
(2) 
Includes loans and receivables to banks, including commercial interbank loans, foreign trade credits Chilean exports, foreign trade credits between 
third countries, and allowance for loans with foreign banks. 
 
The following table sets forth the effects of the changes in average volume of interest-earning assets and average 
nominal interest rates on our interest income during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 
Year Ended 
December 31, 
 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Due to changes in average volume of interest-earning assets .................................................................... 
725,485 
Due to changes in average nominal interest rate ........................................................................................ 
1,290,048 
Net change ................................................................................................................................................. 
2,015,533 
 
 
Our interest income and inflation-indexation income increased Ch$2,015,533 million, or 85.2% for the year ended 
December 31, 2022, from Ch$2,365,060 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to Ch$4,380,593 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of an increase of 52.1% in our average nominal rates for 2022 compared to 
2021, together with an increase of 21.0% in our average interest earning assets for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
The increase in our average interest earning assets was mainly attributable to a 22.9% increase in mortgage loans 
and an increase of 18.6% in commercial loans in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. 
Of our Ch$2,015,533 million increase in interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, 
an increase of Ch$245,463 million was attributable to CNB, whose interest income increased 56.5% in the year ended 
December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, from Ch$434,509 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to Ch$679,973 
million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
Interest Expense and inflation-indexation  
The following table sets forth certain information concerning our interest expense and inflation-indexation and 
average interest-bearing liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Interest expense ....................................................................................... 
(664,656) 
(2,070,877) 
211.6% 
Average interest bearing liabilities(1):

--- Page 80 ---
68 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Term deposits .......................................................................................... 
10,101,095 
14,253,848 
41.1% 
Savings accounts ..................................................................................... 
1,932,890 
2,468,387 
27.7% 
Liabilities under agreements to repurchase ............................................. 
   254,299  
   236,238  
(7.1)% 
Debt issued .............................................................................................. 
6,790,078 
7,824,460 
15.2% 
Other interest-bearing liabilities .............................................................. 
3,010,643 
6,924,004 
130.0% 
Total average interest bearing liabilities ................................................. 
22,089,005 
31,706,937 
43.5% 
Average nominal rates paid(1): 
 
 
 
Term deposits .......................................................................................... 
0.9% 
5.8% 
544.4% 
Debt issued .............................................................................................. 
8.2% 
12.5% 
52.4% 
Other interest bearing liabilities .............................................................. 
(1.5)% 
2.1% 
n.m. 
Average nominal rates paid(2): ................................................................ 
2.5% 
5.7% 
128.0% 
Average real rates paid: .......................................................................... 
0.6% 
(5.9)% 
n.m. 
 
“n.m.” means not meaningful. 
(1) 
Average interest-bearing liabilities are determined on a monthly average basis for the corresponding year. 
(2) 
Calculated taking into account average interest-bearing liabilities determined on a monthly average basis. 
 
The following table sets forth the effects of the changes in average volume of interest-bearing liabilities and average 
nominal interest rates on our interest expense during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: 
 
Year Ended 
December 31, 
 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Due to changes in average volume of interest-bearing liabilities ..........................................................................  
452,969 
Due to changes in average nominal interest rate ...................................................................................................  
953,252 
Net change ........................................................................................................................................................  
1,406,221 
 
Our interest expense increased 211.6% for the year ended December 31, 2022, from Ch$664,656 million for the 
year ended December 31, 2021 to Ch$2,070,877 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to: 
 
a 128.0% increase in average nominal rates paid on debt issued in 2022, from 2.5% in the year ended December 
31, 2021 to 5.7% in the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in interest rates paid was mainly 
attributable to a higher financing cost for local debt in Chile, due to an increase in market rates; 
 
a 43.5% increase in other interest-bearing liabilities, from Ch$22,089,005 million for the year ended December 
31, 2021 to Ch$31,706,937 million for the year ended December 31, 2022; and 
 
a 41.1% increase in volume of term deposits, from Ch$10,101,095 million for the year ended December 31, 
2021 to Ch$14,253,848 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. This increase was primarily driven by 
our strategy on lengthening the maturities of terms deposits with institutional clients and increasing our deposits 
from retail customers. 
Of our Ch$1,406,221 million increase in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, 
an increase of Ch$106,105 million was attributable to an increase in the interest expense of CNB of 321.5% compared to 
December 31, 2021, from Ch$33,005 million as of the year ended December 31, 2021 to Ch$139,110 million as of the year 
ended December 31, 2022. 
Net Fee Income 
The following table sets forth information with respect to our net fee income for the years ended December 31, 2021 
and 2022:

--- Page 81 ---
69 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Fee income ......................................................................................  
483,505 
508,328 
5.1% 
Fee expense ........................................................................................ 
(127,875) 
(141,417) 
10.6% 
Net fee income ............................................................................... 
355,630 
366,911 
3.2% 
 
Our net fee income increased Ch$11,281 million, or 3.2%, in the year ended December 31, 2022, from Ch$355,630 
million in the year ended December 31, 2021 to Ch$366,911 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily as a 
result of a 5.1% increase in fee income, partially offset by a 10.6% increase in fee expenses.   
The increase in fee income was primarily attributable to increases in commissions for collections and payments, and 
fees for card services. 
The increase in fee expenses was primarily attributable to increases in fees for securities trading, and expenses for 
obligations of loyalty programs and merits for card customers.  
Net fee income represented 13.6% of our total operating income for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared 
to 16.5% in the year ended December 31, 2021.  
Fee Income 
The following table sets forth the principal components of our fee income for the years ended December 31, 2021 
and 2022: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Loan prepayment fees ............................................................................  
9,108 
4,508 
(50.5)% 
Fees for lines of credit and checking account overdrafts .......................  
29,613 
35,003 
18.2% 
Fees for card services .............................................................................  
99,309 
112,827 
13.6% 
Account management fees .....................................................................  
52,810 
60,022 
13.7% 
Fees for collections and payments .........................................................  
66,245 
82,067 
23.9% 
Fees for securities brokerage and management (Stock Brokers and/or 
Securities Agency) .................................................................................  
8,012 
7,313 
(8.7)% 
Fees for administration of mutual funds, investment funds or other ......  
58,802 
59,463 
1.1% 
Fees for brokerage and insurance advisory services ..............................  
60,296 
58,652 
(2.7)% 
Fees for factoring services .....................................................................  
4,933 
5,277 
7.0% 
Fees for securitizations ...........................................................................  
99 
159 
60.6% 
Fees for financial advisory services .......................................................  
16,428 
11,095 
(32.5%) 
Other fees earned ...................................................................................  
77,850 
71,942 
(7.6)% 
Total fee income ................................................................................  
483,505 
508,328 
5.1% 
 
Our fee income increased 5.1% for the year ended December 31, 2022, from Ch$483,505 million for the year ended 
December 31, 2021 to Ch$508,328 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of: 
 
a 23.9% increase in fees for collections and payments from Ch$66,245 million for the year ended December 
31, 2021 to Ch$82,067 million for the year ended December 31, 2022; and 
 
a 13.6% increase in fees for card services from Ch$99,309 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 
Ch$112,827 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, explained mainly due to higher commissions for 
credit card holders. 
In addition, from the Ch$24,823 million total increase in fee income in the year ended December 31, 2022, CNB 
had an increase of Ch$4,799 million, which was mainly attributable to an increase in account management fees.

--- Page 82 ---
70 
Fee Expenses 
The following table sets forth the principal components of our fee expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 
and 2022: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Fee for card operation .................................................................................  
(46,184) 
(42,709) 
(7.5)% 
Expenses for obligations of loyalty programs and merits for card 
customers ....................................................................................................  
(20,744) 
(27,039) 
30.3% 
Fees for securities trading ...........................................................................  
(33,610) 
(42,072) 
25.2% 
Other commissions for services received ....................................................  
(27,337) 
(29,597) 
8.3% 
Total fee expenses .................................................................................  
(127,875) 
(141,417) 
10.6% 
 
Our fee expenses increased 10.6% for the year ended December 31, 2022, from Ch$127,875 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2021 to Ch$141,417 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of: 
 
 
a 25.2% increase in fees for securities trading, from Ch$33,610 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 
to Ch$42,072 million in the year ended December 31, 2022; and 
 
 
a 30.3% increase in expenses for obligations of loyalty programs and merit for card customers, from 
Ch$20,744 million in the year ended December 31, 2021 to Ch$27,039 million in the year ended December 
31, 2022. 
 
In the year ended December 31, 2022, CNB had an increase of Ch$1,559 million in fee expenses, which was 
mainly attributable to an increase in fee for card operation and fees for securities trading. 
  
Net Finance Income (Expense)  
The following table sets forth information with respect to our net finance income for the years ended December 31, 
2021 and 2022: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss: 
 
 
 
Financial derivative contracts ......................................................................  
135,118 
37,067 
    (72.6)% 
Debt financial instruments ...........................................................................  
39,741 
64,736 
    62.9% 
Other financial instruments ..........................................................................  
(790) 
3,655 
       n.m. 
Equity instruments .......................................................................................  
(46,922) 
(81,421) 
(73.5)% 
Loans granted and received by the entity .....................................................  
(497) 
(296) 
40.4% 
Other ............................................................................................................  
9,159 
33 
(99.6)% 
Subtotal .......................................................................................................  
135,809 
23,774 
  (82.5)% 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through 
profit or loss: 
 
 
 
Other financial instruments ..........................................................................  
- 
(24,090) 
(100.0)% 
Subtotal .......................................................................................................  
- 
(24,090) 
(100.0)% 
Financial income (expense) on derecognition of financial assets and 
liabilities at amortized cost and financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income: 
 
 
 
Financial assets at amortized cost ................................................................  
- 
8,399 
100.0% 
Subtotal .......................................................................................................  
- 
8,399 
100.0% 
Foreign currency changes, inflation-indexation and hedge accounting: 
 
 
 
Gain (loss) from foreign currency translation ..............................................  
(410,930) 
43,278 
110.5%. 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ............  
3,967 
(5,653) 
(242.5)%

--- Page 83 ---
71 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Other assets ..................................................................................................  
25,952 
(1,862) 
(107.2)% 
Net income (expense) from derivatives in foreign currency risk hedges .....  
295,539 
(91,898) 
(131.1)% 
Subtotal .......................................................................................................  
(85,472) 
(56,135) 
34.3% 
Net Finance Income (Expense) .............................................................  
50,337 
(48,052) 
(195.5)% 
 
“n.m.” means not meaningful. 
 
Net finance income decreased 195.5% in 2022 compared to 2021, from Ch$50,337 million in 2021 to Ch$(48,052) 
million in 2022. This decrease was primarily attributable to a Ch112,035 million decrease in financial assets held for trading 
at fair value through profit or loss, which is explained mainly by the decrease of 72.6% in financial derivative contracts and 
a 73.5% decrease in equity instruments.  
Other Operating Income 
The following table sets forth the components of our other operating income for the years ended December 31, 2021 
and 2022:   
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of nominal Ch$) 
% Change 
Payments from insurance companies for claims other than operational 
risk related events ................................................................................ 
- 
23 
100.0% 
Income from card brands issued (Visa, MC, etc) ..................................... 
- 
10,190 
100.0% 
Income from expense recovery ................................................................. 
5,773 
4,432 
(23.2)% 
Other income ............................................................................................ 
30,986 
38,761 
25.1% 
Total ...................................................................................................... 
36,759 
53,406 
45.3% 
 
Our other operating income increased 45.3% in the year ended December 31, 2022, from Ch$36,759 million in the 
year ended December 31, 2021 to Ch$53,406 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to: 
a 100.0% increase in income from card brands issued, from Ch$0 million in 2021 to Ch$10,190 million in 2022 due 
to the reclassification of this income from fee income to income from card brands and the increase in our 
marketing activities for Visa and Mastercard; and 
 
a 25.1% increase in other income, from Ch$30,986 million in 2021 to Ch$38,761 million in 2022. 
Credit Loss Expense 
Chilean banks are required to maintain allowances to cover possible credit losses in an amount at least equal to their 
loans to customers multiplied by their risk index.  The allowances for loan losses as a percentage of total loans are derived 
from our classification of our portfolio according to objective criteria relating to the performance of the loans and in 
accordance with the regulations of the CMF (former SBIF).  The amount of provision charged to income in any period consists 
of adjustments to the loan loss reserve including direct write-offs against income (equal to the portion of loans written off 
that is not covered by a reserve at the time of write-off). 
The following table sets forth information for our allowances for loan losses and their principal components, 
provision for loan losses and write-offs, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Credit loss expense: 
Allowances for loan losses at beginning of period ......................................................... 
  (788,716) 
  (750,712)  
(4.8)% 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period ................. 
  (36,434)  
  (41,925)  
15.1%

--- Page 84 ---
72 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end 
of the period portfolio from (-) to (+): ............................................................................ 
  (4,536)  
  (136,061)  
n.m. 
New loans originated ...................................................................................................... 
(148,854) 
(157,683) 
5.9% 
New loans for conversion of contingent to loans ............................................................ 
(37,695) 
(51,225) 
35.9% 
Sale or transfer of loans .................................................................................................. 
2 
3,736 
n.m. 
Loan repayment .............................................................................................................. 
160,501 
111,770 
(30.4)% 
Application of provisions for write-offs ......................................................................... 
108,085 
134,720 
24.6% 
Recovery of written-off credits ....................................................................................... 
(415) 
(2,034) 
390.1% 
Translation differences ................................................................................................... 
(3,638) 
12,251 
436.8% 
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) .................................................................... 
988 
- 
(100.0)% 
Allowances for loan losses at end of the period ....................................................... 
(750,712) 
(877,163) 
16.8% 
  
 
 
Other asset quality data: 
 
 
Total loans and receivables from customers ................................................................ 
41,359,091 
46,176,295 
11.6% 
Consolidated risk index (%)(1) ..................................................................................... 
1.82% 
1.90% 
4.4% 
Additional allowances for loan losses ......................................................................... 
350,143 
415,022 
18.5% 
Allowances for loan losses including contingency allowances ................................... 
1,100,855 
1,292,185 
17.4% 
Allowances for loan losses (including contingency allowances) as a percentage of 
total loans ................................................................................................................. 
2.66% 
2.80% 
5.3% 
 
“n.m.” means not meaningful. 
(1) 
The risk index of our loan portfolio is calculated as allowances for loan losses as a percentage of total loans. 
 
Our allowances for loan losses including contingency allowances increased 17.4% as of December 31, 2022, from 
Ch$1,100,855 million as of the December 31, 2021 to Ch$1,292,185 million as of December 31, 2022, an increase that was 
relatively high compared to the 11.6% increase in total loans and receivables from customers in 2022 compared to 2021. 
Our additional allowances for loan losses increased 18.5% as of December 31, 2022, from Ch$350,143 million as 
of December 31, 2021 to Ch$415,022 million as of December 31, 2022, primarily due to the deterioration in existing and 
projected macroeconomic conditions. 
CNB’s allowances for loan losses increased Ch$34,221 million in 2022, mainly due to the effects of an increase in 
the commercial portfolio loans. Our CNB additional voluntary provisions increased Ch$8,618 million as of December 31, 
2022, from a net release of additional provisions of Ch$23,889 million as of December 31, 2021, to a net release of additional 
provisions of Ch$15,271 million as of December 31, 2022. 
As a result, our allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans, increased from 2.66% in 2021 to 2.80% in 
2022.   
Operating Expenses 
The following table sets forth the principal components of our operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 
2021 and 2022: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Change 
 
 
 
 
Expenses for employee benefit obligations ........................................................... 
(540,053) 
(638,989) 
18.3% 
Administrative expenses ........................................................................................ 
(333,896) 
(422,520) 
26.5% 
Depreciation and amortization ............................................................................... 
(106,931) 
(113,643) 
6.3% 
Impairment of non-financial assets ........................................................................ 
(23) 
         (21,009) 
n.m. 
Other operating expenses ....................................................................................  
(53,000) 
(96,153) 
81.4% 
Total operating expenses ................................................................................ 
(1,033,903) 
(1,292,314) 
25.0% 
Efficiency ratio(1) ................................................................................................... 
47.9% 
47.9% 
— 
 
“n.m.” means not meaningful. 
(1) 
Operating expenses as a percentage of operating income.

--- Page 85 ---
73 
Our total operating expenses increased 25.0% in the year ended December 31, 2022, from Ch$1,033,903 million for 
the year ended December 31, 2021 to Ch$1,292,314 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of: 
 
 
a 18.3% increase in expenses for employee benefit obligations in 2022, mainly due to a Ch$58,313 million 
increase in remuneration and a Ch$29,909 million increase  in incentives (performance bonuses); and 
 
a 26.5% increase in administrative expenses in 2022, mainly due to a Ch$47,167 million increase in outsourced 
services and a Ch$29,581 million increase in general administrative expenses. 
As of December 31, 2022, our efficiency ratio (operating expenses as a percentage of net operating income) remained 
at 47.9%, the same level of the previous year. 
 
Income Tax 
Law No. 20,780, enacted and published in the Official Gazette of Chile in September 2014, as amended by Law 
No. 20,899, introduced certain amendments to Chilean income tax law that impact the calculation of our income tax.  Article 
14 of the Income Tax Law (Law Decree No. 824), as amended by Law No. 20,780 and Law No. 20,899, established two 
alternative systems of taxation for taxpayers obliged to declare their actual income determined under full accounting records: 
the Attributed System and the Partially Integrated System. Law No. 21,210 of 2020 eliminated the Attributed System and 
established the Partially Integrated System as the general regime for large companies.  See “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to 
Chile—Changes in Chilean tax laws may increase our tax burden and adversely affect our profitability” for a description of 
such taxation systems.  Since Bci is a stock corporation (sociedad anónima), we are subject to the general regime for large 
companies. 
The following table sets forth our Profit from continuing operations before tax and effective income tax rate for the 
years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2021/2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
% Change 
Profit from continuing operations before tax  ................................................. 
722,030 
911,903 
26.3% 
Income tax expense ........................................................................................ 
(201,484) 
(90,879) 
(54.9)% 
Effective income tax rate(2) ............................................................................. 
27.9% 
10% 
(64.2)% 
 
(1) 
Effective income tax rate is equal to income tax expense divided by income before income tax. 
 
The 54.9% or Ch$110,605 million decrease in income tax expense, from Ch$201,484 million in 2021 to Ch$90,879 
million in 2022, was primarily attributable to (i) an increase in the income tax derived from the monetary correction of the 
bank tax capital from a rate of 6.7% in 2021 to 13.3% in 2022, and (ii) a decrease in income tax expense derived from the tax 
effects generated by the obligation to apply monetary correction to foreign investments (under which tax law the investment 
in CNB falls).  
Consolidated Profit for the Year Ended 
As a result of the foregoing factors, our consolidated profit for the year ended increased 57.7% for the year ended 
December 31, 2022, from Ch$520,546 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to Ch$821,024 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2022. 
Liquidity and Capital Resources 
Sources of Liquidity 
Our liquidity depends upon our capital, reserves and financial investments, including investments in government 
securities.  To cover any liquidity shortfalls and to augment our liquidity position, we have established lines of credit with 
foreign and domestic banks and we also have access to Central Bank of Chile borrowings. 
The following table sets forth our financial obligations by time remaining to maturity.  On December 31, 2023, the 
scheduled maturities of our financial obligations on an accrued basis, were as follows:

--- Page 86 ---
74 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
Up to 1 year 
1 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Transactions in course of payment ........................... 
429,959  
-  
-  
429,959  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair 
value through profit or loss .................................. 
2,751,349  
2,012,074  
862,058  
5,625,481  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting 
hedge ....................................................................... 
668,415  
1,095,447  
771,979  
2,535,841  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost ................. 
52,286,066  
4,746,911  
2,904,522  
59,937,499  
Lease liabilities ...................................................... 
               
18,004  
100,909  
10,436  
129,349  
Issued regulatory capital financial instruments 
30,368  
110,686  
1,410,237  
1,551,291  
Total .................................................................... 
56,184,161  
8,066,027  
5,959,232  
70,209,420  
 
Capital and Reserves 
We currently have regulatory capital in excess of the minimum requirement under the current Chilean regulations. 
In October 2023, we completed a rights offering to subscribe common shares of Bci in reliance upon Rule 801 and Regulation 
S under the Securities Act, and a private placement of unsubscribed common shares in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the 
Securities Act and Regulation S under the Securities Act. Approximately 94.70% of the shareholders of Bci exercised their 
subscription rights in the rights offering and Bci raised approximately Ch$617,457.2 million in the transaction.   
According to the General Banking Law, a bank must have regulatory capital of at least 8.0% of its risk-weighted 
assets, net of required loan loss allowances, and total equity of equity holders of the Bank (the basic capital) of at least 3.0% 
of its total assets, net of required loan loss allowances.  For these purposes, the regulatory capital of a bank is the sum of (1) 
the bank’s basic capital, (2) perpetual bonds and preferred shares referred to in Article 55 bis of the General Banking Law, 
(3) subordinated bonds issued by the bank valued at their placement price for an amount up to 50% of its basic capital; 
provided that the value of the bonds shall decrease by 20% for each year that elapses during the period commencing six years 
prior to their maturity, and (4) its contingency allowances for loan losses, for an amount of up to 1.25% of its risk-weighted 
assets.  When calculating risk-weighted assets, we also include off-balance sheet contingent loans.  For purposes of weighing 
the risk of a bank’s assets, the General Banking Law considers five different categories of assets, based on the nature of the 
issuer, the availability of funds, and the nature of the assets and the existence of collateral securing such assets. 
 The CMF, following the mandate set forth in Law 21,130 that amended the General Banking Act, has adopted 
certain recommendations of Basel III, and has issued guidelines to adopt all Basel III recommendations. Since December 
2021, the new regulation for the adoption of Basel III began to apply gradually. The implementation of the Basel standards 
came into effect on December 1, 2020, and is subject to a transition period of 5 years, thus the total implementation of the 
requirements is expected to be completed in December 2025. For more information, see “Regulation and Supervision—
Banking Legislation.” 
The following table sets forth our regulatory capital at the dates indicated. See Note 48.a to our audited consolidated 
financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Prospectus for a description of the minimum capital requirements. 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Total assets for regulatory purposes.................................................................  
67,882,311 
76,547,366 
78,294,555  
Risk-weighted assets ........................................................................................  
43,289,785 
48,592,636 
52,063,516  
Common equity tier 1 capital (CET1)..............................................................  
4,324,894 
4,621,567 
5,908,735  
Additional tier 1 capital ...................................................................................  
432,898 
242,963 
-  
Capital level 1 ..................................................................................................  
4,757,792 
4,808,407 
5,768,360  
Tier 2 capital ....................................................................................................  
1,089,687 
1,486,300 
1,739,948  
Effective equity................................................................................................  
5,847,479 
6,294,707 
7,508,308  
Leverage indicator ...........................................................................................  
6.37% 
5.96% 
7.37% 
Common equity tier 1 capital indicator ............................................................  
9.99% 
9.40% 
11.08% 
Level 1 capital indicator ..................................................................................  
10.99% 
9.90% 
11.08% 
 
 
We must calculate the credit risk involved on all derivatives contracted over-the-counter with a net asset position 
and this is included as a risk-weighted asset.  Since April 2009, if we have a net liability in a derivative position and if this

--- Page 87 ---
75 
derivative, under certain stress and volatility measures, becomes a net asset position, then we must also include this derivative 
as a risk-weighted asset. 
Liquidity Management 
Liquidity management seeks to ensure that, even under adverse conditions, we have access to the funds necessary 
to cover client needs, maturing liabilities and capital requirements.  Liquidity risk arises in the general funding for our 
financing, trading and investment activities.  It includes the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of funding the portfolio 
of assets at appropriate maturities and rates, the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner at a reasonable 
price and the risk that we will be required to repay liabilities earlier than anticipated. 
Our general policy is to maintain liquidity adequate to ensure our ability to honor withdrawals of deposits, make 
repayments of other liabilities at maturity, extend loans and meet our own working capital needs.  Our minimum amount of 
liquidity is determined by the statutory reserve requirements of the Central Bank of Chile.  Deposits are subject to a statutory 
reserve requirement of 9.0% for demand deposits and 3.6% for Chilean peso, UF-denominated and foreign currency-
denominated term deposits with a term of less than a year.  See “Regulation and Supervision—The Banking System—Reserve 
Requirements.” The Central Bank of Chile has statutory authority to increase these percentages to up to 40.0% for demand 
deposits and up to 20.0% for term deposits.  In addition, a 100% special reserve (reserva técnica) applies to demand deposits, 
deposits in checking accounts, other demand deposits received or obligations payable on sight and incurred in the ordinary 
course of business, other than deposits unconditionally payable immediately or within a term of less than 30 days and other 
term deposits payable within 10 days.  This special reserve requirement applies to the amount by which the total of such 
deposits exceeds 2.5 times the amount of a bank’s regulatory capital.  Loans and receivables to banks are deemed to have a 
maturity of more than 30 days, even if payable within the following 10 days. 
The Central Bank of Chile also requires us to comply with the following liquidity limits: 
 
Our total liabilities with maturities of less than 30 days cannot exceed our total assets with maturities of less 
than 30 days by an amount greater than our capital.  This limit must be calculated in local currency and 
foreign currencies together as one measurement. 
 
Our total liabilities with maturities of less than 90 days cannot exceed our total assets with maturities of less 
than 90 days by more than twice of our capital.  This limit must be calculated in local currency and foreign 
currencies together as one measurement. 
We have set other liquidity limits and ratios that help manage liquidity risk.  See “Quantitative and Qualitative 
Disclosures About Market Risk.” 
Cash Flow Information 
No legal or economic restrictions exist on the ability of subsidiaries to transfer funds to us in the form of loans or 
cash dividends as long as these subsidiaries abide by the regulations of the Chilean Corporations Law (Ley de Sociedades 
Anónimas) regarding loans to related parties and minimum dividend payments. U.S. federal banking law imposes restrictions 
on Bci and certain of its affiliates from borrowing from CNB, unless certain requirements are satisfied.  U.S. federal banking 
law also imposes limitations on the payment of dividends by CNB.  In addition to dividend restrictions set forth in statutes 
and regulations, the OCC may prohibit or limit the payment of dividends by CNB if, in the OCC’s opinion, payment of a 
dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice.  See the consolidated statements of cash flows in our audited 
consolidated financial statements for a detailed breakdown of our cash flow. 
Year ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 
Cash flows generated by operating activities decreased in 2023, from Ch$1,374,876 million in 2022 to 
(Ch$3,000,257) million in 2023, mainly due to a decrease in deposits and other term deposits. 
Cash flows from (used in) investing activities increased from (Ch$426,917) million in 2022 to Ch$788,472 million 
in 2023, mainly due to a net increase in other assets and liabilities due to changes in other cash guarantees provided and 
pending operations on the part of the assets and accounts payable to the General Treasury of the Republic and other fiscal

--- Page 88 ---
76 
organizations. 
Cash flows from (used in) financing activities decreased from (Ch$458,542) million in 2022 to (Ch$260,500) million 
in 2023, mainly due to the increase in paid-in capital for the issuance of common shares for Ch$617,457 million, offset by a 
decrease in current bond issuance and redemptions for (Ch$312,758) million. 
Year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 
Cash flows generated by operating activities increased in 2022, from Ch$1,005,385 million in 2021 to Ch$1,374,876 
million in 2022, mainly due to an increase in deposits and other time deposits. 
Cash flows from (used in) investing activities decreased from Ch$44,199 million in 2021 to (Ch$426,917) million 
in 2022, mainly due to a net decrease in other assets and liabilities primarily due to an increase in monthly provisional 
payments, which correspond to payments on account of the annual tax payable, and an increase in the deferred tax asset. 
Cash flows from (used in) financing activities decreased from Ch$355,556 million in 2021 to (Ch$458,542) million 
in 2022, mainly due to a decrease of Ch$703,355 million in redemptions and interest payments of current bonds. 
Deposits and Other Borrowings 
The following tables set forth our average monthly balance of deposits upon which we disburse interest for the years 
indicated, in each case together with the related average nominal interest rates paid thereon. 
 
Year Ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
Average 
Balance 
Average Nominal 
Rate 
Average 
Balance 
Average Nominal 
Rate 
Average Balance 
Average Nominal 
Rate 
Time deposits .................  
     10,101,095  
0.85% 
     14,253,848 
5.76% 
15,302,779  
9.98% 
Savings accounts ............  
 1,932,890  
1.85% 
       2,468,387 
3.60% 
         2,336,704 
13.05% 
Total ...........................  
     12,033,985  
     16,722,235  
 
     17,639,483  
 
 
 
Our most important source of funding is term deposits.  Average term deposits represented 22.7% of our average 
total liabilities and shareholders’ equity as of December 31, 2023. Our current funding strategy is to continue to utilize all 
sources of funding in accordance with their cost, their availability and our general asset and liability management strategy.  
Special emphasis is being placed on lengthening the maturities of term deposits with institutional clients and increasing our 
deposits from retail customers.  We also intend to continue to broaden our customer deposit base and to emphasize core 
deposit funding. 
Maturity of Deposits 
The following tables set forth information regarding the currency and maturity of our deposits at December 31, 
2021, 2022 and 2023.  UF-denominated deposits are similar to peso-denominated deposits in all respects, except that the 
principal is readjusted periodically based on variations in the Chilean consumer price index.  
 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
Ch$ 
UF 
Foreign 
Currency 
(other than 
US$) 
US$ 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Current accounts and demand 
deposits ................................... 
8,053,859  
88,551  
- 
15,667,888  
23,810,298  
Savings accounts ..................... 
- 
63,772  
- 
- 
63,772  
Term deposits: 
 
 
 
 
 
Maturity within 3 months ........ 
6,646,630  
302,673  
157,988  
4,383,580  
11,490,871  
Maturity after 3 but within 6 
months ..................................... 
638,081  
177,719  
24,312  
3,083,957  
3,924,069  
Maturity after 6 but within 12 
months ..................................... 
666,375  
224,806  
26,444  
1,409,200  
2,326,825

--- Page 89 ---
77 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
Ch$ 
UF 
Foreign 
Currency 
(other than 
US$) 
US$ 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Maturity after 12 months ......... 
608  
2,853  
8,194  
621,868  
633,523  
Total term deposits ............... 
7,951,694  
708,051  
216,938  
9,498,605  
18,375,288  
Total deposits .................... 
16,005,553  
860,374  
216,938  
25,166,493  
42,249,358  
 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
 
Ch$ 
UF 
Foreign 
Currency 
(other than 
US$) 
US$ 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Current accounts and demand 
deposits ................................... 
7,750,959  
74,858  
-  
16,296,348  
24,122,165  
Savings accounts ..................... 
-  
71,647  
-  
-  
71,647  
Term deposits: 
 
 
 
 
 
Maturity within 3 months ........ 
9,807,557  
122,873  
7,113  
4,133,575  
14,071,118  
Maturity after 3 but within 6 
months ..................................... 
984,163  
266,930  
29  
455,139  
1,706,261  
Maturity after 6 but within 12 
months ..................................... 
1,338,077  
354,518  
20  
484,738  
2,177,353  
Maturity after 12 months ......... 
97,392  
92,281  
-  
27,640  
217,313  
Total term deposits ............... 
12,227,189  
836,602  
7,162  
5,101,092  
18,172,045  
Total deposits .................... 
19,978,148  
983,107  
7,162  
21,397,440  
42,365,857  
 
 
As of December 31, 2021 
 
Ch$ 
UF 
Foreign 
Currency 
(other than 
US$) 
US$ 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Current accounts and demand deposits .........  
11,640,462 
72,576 
42,250 
15,898,154 
27,653,442 
Savings accounts ...........................................  
 - 
66,960 
 - 
 - 
66,960 
Term deposits: 
 
 
 
 
 
Maturity within 3 months .............................  
5,775,338 
62,191 
7,422 
2,359,444 
8,204,395 
Maturity after 3 but within 6 months ............  
468,783 
3,930 
82 
493,496 
966,291 
Maturity after 6 but within 12 months ..........  
739,820 
34 
 - 
802,225 
1,542,079 
Maturity after 12 months ..............................  
370 
509 
- 
                 
84,544 
85,423 
Total term deposits ....................................  
6,984,311 
66,664 
7,504 
3,739,709 
10,798,188 
Total deposits .........................................  
18,624,773 
206,200 
49,754 
19,637,863 
38,518,590 
 
 
The following tables set forth information regarding the maturity of our outstanding term deposits in excess of 
US$100,000 at December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023:  
 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
Ch$ 
UF 
Foreign 
Currency 
US$ 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Time deposits 
  
  
  
  
Maturity within 3 months................................... 
213,437  
1,286  
2,251,965  
8,372,974  
10,839,662  
Maturity after 3 but within 6 months ................. 
146,530  
-  
383,198  
1,262,215  
1,791,943  
Maturity after 6 but within 12 months ............... 
211,529  
-  
73,900  
1,073,173  
1,358,602  
Maturity after 12 months ................................... 
1,891  
-  
16,351  
73,621  
91,863  
Total deposits in excess of US$100,000 ...... 
573,387  
1,286  
2,725,414  
10,781,983  
14,082,070

--- Page 90 ---
78 
 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
 
Ch$ 
UF 
Foreign 
Currency 
US$ 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Time deposits 
  
  
  
  
Maturity within 3 months...................................  
4,429,863  
70,358  
2,246  
4,025,144  
8,527,611  
Maturity after 3 but within 6 months .................  
883,398  
203,985  
-  
451,396  
1,538,779  
Maturity after 6 but within 12 months ...............  
1,307,052  
314,596  
-  
483,600  
2,105,248  
Maturity after 12 months ...................................  
100,185  
91,828  
-  
27,470  
219,483  
Total deposits in excess of US$100,000 ......  
6,720,498  
680,767  
2,246  
4,987,610  
12,391,121  
 
 
As of December 31, 2021 
 
Ch$ 
UF 
Foreign 
Currency 
US$ 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Time deposits 
  
  
  
  
Maturity within 3 months...................................  
4,586,655 
162 
2 
940,627 
5,527,446 
Maturity after 3 but within 6 months .................  
36,479 
- 
- 
42,383 
78,862 
Maturity after 6 but within 12 months ...............  
94,700 
- 
- 
112,666 
207,366 
Maturity after 12 months ...................................  
- 
- 
 - 
1,252 
1,252 
Total deposits in excess of US$100,000 ......  
4,717,834 
162 
2 
1,096,928 
5,814,926 
 
Total borrowings 
Our long-term and short-term borrowings are summarized below. Borrowings are generally classified as short-term 
when they have original maturities of less than one year or are due on demand. All other borrowings are classified as long-
term, as long as their remaining maturity is longer than one year; otherwise, they are considered short-term borrowing.  The 
following table sets forth, at the dates indicated, the components of our borrowings. 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
 
 
 
 
Other liabilities to Central Bank of Chile ............................... 
-  
4,575,128  
4,575,128  
Credit loans for renegotiation of loans .................................... 
-  
-  
-  
Loans received from foreign financial institutions ................. 
321,779  
1,866,365  
2,188,144  
Loans received from domestic financial institutions............... 
362,713 
-  
362,713  
Subtotal ............................................................................. 
684,492  
6,441,493  
7,125,985  
Liabilities under agreements to repurchase ............................. 
131,356  
575,267  
706,623  
Subtotal ............................................................................. 
131,356 
575,267  
706,623  
Mortgage finance bonds ......................................................... 
209  
486  
695  
Subordinated bonds ................................................................ 
1,523,058  
28,233  
1,551,291  
Ordinary bonds ....................................................................... 
6,638,558  
1,473,257  
8,111,815  
Subtotal ............................................................................. 
8,161,825  
1,501,976  
9,663,801  
Other financial liabilities ........................................................ 
1,540  
1,738,272  
1,739,812  
Subtotal ............................................................................. 
1,540  
1,738,272  
1,739,812  
 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
 
 
 
 
Other liabilities to Central Bank of Chile ...............................  
4,515,654 
- 
4,515,654 
Credit loans for renegotiation of loans ....................................  
- 
- 
- 
Loans received from foreign financial institutions .................  
703,075 
1,033,723 
1,736,799 
Loans received from domestic financial institutions...............  
408,618 
- 
408,618 
Subtotal .............................................................................  
5,627,348 
1,033,723 
6,661,071 
Liabilities under agreements to repurchase .............................  
128,477 
256,406 
384,883

--- Page 91 ---
79 
Subtotal .............................................................................  
128,477 
256,406 
384,883 
Mortgage finance bonds .........................................................  
864 
936 
1,800 
Subordinated bonds ................................................................  
1,472,190 
27,110 
1,499,299 
Ordinary bonds .......................................................................  
7,055,165 
1,050,295 
8,105,460 
Subtotal .............................................................................  
8,528,219 
1,078,341 
9,606,559 
Other financial liabilities ........................................................  
1,556 
2,237,544 
2,239,100 
Subtotal .............................................................................  
1,556 
2,237,544 
2,239,100 
 
 
As of December 31, 2021 
 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
 
 
 
 
Other liabilities to Central Bank of Chile ...............................  
3,786,458 
754,944 
4,541,402 
Credit loans for renegotiation of loans ....................................  
- 
- 
- 
Loans received from foreign financial institutions .................  
1,117,271 
895,437 
2,012,708 
Loans received from domestic financial institutions...............  
256,709 
160,018 
416,727 
Subtotal .............................................................................  
5,160,438 
1,810,399 
6,970,837 
Liabilities under agreements to repurchase .............................  
3,648 
137,530 
141,178 
Subtotal .............................................................................  
3,648 
137,530 
141,178 
Mortgage finance bonds .........................................................  
1,971 
1,916 
3,887 
Subordinated bonds ................................................................  
1,315,186 
17,750 
1,332,936 
Ordinary bonds .......................................................................  
6,362,989 
1,061,319 
7,424,309 
Subtotal .............................................................................  
7,680,146 
1,080,985 
8,761,131 
Other financial liabilities ........................................................  
953,592 
74,386 
1,027,978 
Subtotal .............................................................................  
953,592 
74,386 
1,027,978 
 
 
Central Bank of Chile borrowings 
The maturities of the outstanding amounts due under these Central Bank of Chile borrowings are as follows: 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Due within 1 year ..................................................................  
754,944 
- 
4,575,128 
Due after 1 year but within 2 years ........................................  
            - 
            4,515,654 
- 
Due after 2 years but within 3 years ......................................  
3,786,458 
- 
- 
Due after 3 years but within 4 years ......................................  
         -  
         -  
- 
Due after 4 years but within 5 years ......................................  
- 
- 
- 
Due after 5 years ....................................................................  
- 
- 
- 
Total other liabilities to Central Bank of Chile ............  
         4,541,402  
         4,515,654  
4,575,128 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities under agreements to repurchase 
The maturities of the outstanding amounts due under these obligations under agreements to repurchase are as 
follows: 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Due within 1 year ..................................................................  
            141,178  
384,883 
706,623 
Due after 1 year but within 2 years ........................................  
             -  
- 
- 
Due after 2 years but within 3 years ......................................  
                  -  
- 
- 
Due after 3 years but within 4 years ......................................  
              -  
- 
- 
Due after 4 years but within 5 years ......................................  
               -  
- 
- 
Due after 5 years ....................................................................  
               -  
- 
- 
Total liabilities under agreements to repurchase .........  
         141,178  
384,883 
706,623

--- Page 92 ---
80 
Mortgage finance bonds 
These bonds were used to finance the granting of mortgage loans.  The outstanding principal amounts of the bonds 
are amortized on a quarterly basis.  The range of maturities of these bonds is between five and twenty years.  The bonds are 
linked to the UF index and in 2023 bore a real weighted-average annual interest rate of 7.4%. The following table sets forth 
the remaining maturities of our mortgage finance bonds at the dates indicated. 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Due within 1 year ..................................................................  
               1,915  
936 
486  
Due after 1 year but within 2 years ........................................  
               1,143  
650 
169  
Due after 2 years but within 3 years ......................................  
               560  
180 
33  
Due after 3 years but within 4 years ......................................  
                  214  
25 
6  
Due after 4 years but within 5 years ......................................  
                  49  
8 
1  
Due after 5 years ....................................................................  
                    6  
1 
-  
Total mortgage finance bonds ........................................  
             3,887  
1,800 
695  
 
 
 
 
Bonds 
The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated, our outstanding bonds.  The bonds are denominated principally 
in UF and are principally used to fund our general activities. The UF-denominated bonds bore an annual average interest rate 
of 1.7%, 1.9% and 2.04% as of the respective dates indicated. 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Bonds denominated in UF .....................................................  
4,394,364 
4,962,979 
4,884,999 
Bonds denominated in CLP and in foreign currencies ...........  
3,029,945 
3,142,481 
3,226,816 
 
 
 
 
The maturities of these bonds are as follows: 
 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Due within 1 year ..................................................................  
           1,061,319  
           1,050,295  
1,473,257  
Due after 1 year but within 2 years ........................................  
          969,307  
  1,352,892  
767,399  
Due after 2 years but within 3 years ......................................  
            1,273,004  
               721,402  
852,863  
Due after 3 years but within 4 years ......................................  
       490,056  
       703,773  
1,211,567  
Due after 4 years but within 5 years ......................................  
     587,261  
       1,192,348  
984,950  
Due after 5 years ....................................................................  
       3,043,361  
       3,084,750  
2,821,779  
Total ordinary bonds ......................................................  
    7,424,308  
    8,105,460  
8,111,815  
 
 
 
 
The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated, our outstanding subordinated bonds. The bonds are 
denominated principally in UF and are principally used to fund our general activities and are considered in our regulatory 
capital.  The UF-denominated subordinated bonds bore an annual average interest rate of 4.4%, 4.4% and 4.4% as of 
December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Subordinated bonds denominated in UF ................................  
1,332,936 
1,499,299 
1,551,291 
 
The maturities of these bonds are as follows: 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Due within 1 year .................................................................. 
              17,750  
              27,110 
28,233

--- Page 93 ---
81 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Due after 1 year but within 2 years ........................................ 
              23,781  
              26,793  
27,216 
Due after 2 years but within 3 years ...................................... 
              23,503  
              25,828  
27,913 
Due after 3 years but within 4 years ...................................... 
              22,657  
              26,490  
25,809 
Due after 4 years but within 5 years ...................................... 
              23,237  
              24,492  
21,966 
Due after 5 years .................................................................... 
         1,222,008  
         1,368,586  
1,420,154 
Total subordinated bonds ............................................... 
     1,332,936  
     1,499,299  
1,551,291 
 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings from domestic institutions 
The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated, our borrowings from domestic institutions.  These borrowings 
are denominated principally in UF, are all due within one year of the date hereof and are principally used to fund our general 
activities.  The UF-denominated borrowings bore an annual average interest rate of 3.7%, 5.6% and 3.0% at December 31, 
2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.  The maturities of these borrowings are as follows. 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Due within 1 year .................................................................. 
         416,727  
408,618 
362,713 
Due after 1 year but within 2 years ........................................ 
             – 
– 
– 
Due after 2 years but within 3 years ...................................... 
– 
– 
– 
Due after 3 years but within 4 years ...................................... 
– 
– 
– 
Due after 4 years but within 5 years ...................................... 
– 
– 
– 
Due after 5 years .................................................................... 
– 
– 
– 
Total loans received from domestic financial 
institutions ...................................................................... 
        416,727 
408,618 
362,713 
 
 
 
 
Borrowings from foreign institutions 
These are short-term and long-term borrowings from foreign banks used to fund our foreign trade business.  The 
maturities of these borrowings are as follows. 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Due within 1 year .....................................................................  
             895,829  
1,042,446 
1,874,259 
Due after 1 year but within 2 years ...........................................  
           397,721  
694,353 
– 
Due after 2 years but within 3 years .........................................  
            719,158 
– 
313,884 
Due after 3 years but within 4 years .........................................  
– 
– 
– 
Due after 4 years but within 5 years .........................................  
– 
– 
– 
Due after 5 years .......................................................................  
– 
– 
– 
Total loans received from foreign financial institutions ...  
                2,012,708  
1,736,799 
2,188,144 
 
The foreign borrowings are denominated principally in U.S. dollars, are principally used to fund our foreign trade 
loans, and bore an annual average nominal interest rate of 2.6%, 2.7% and 2.7% at December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, 
respectively. 
Commercial paper program 
On August 3, 2012, we established a U.S. commercial paper program for up to an aggregate maximum amount of 
US$2,000,000,000. As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes under this program was 
US$1,031,632,000. 
International bond offerings 
The following are our international bond offerings as of December 31, 2023. Outstanding balances referred to below 
include principal plus accrued interest.

--- Page 94 ---
82 
On September 23, 2016, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of EUR20,000,000.  
As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was EUR20,020,592. 
On October 12, 2017, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$500,000,000.  As 
of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$499,278,365. 
On November 15, 2017, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of AUD$80,000,000.  
As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was AUD$80,019,874. 
On June 1, 2018, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of JPY5,000,000,000.  As of 
December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was JPY4,972,098,872. 
On July 25, 2018, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of AUD$40,000,000.  As of 
December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was AUD$40,536,458. 
On September 13, 2018, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$50,000,000.  
As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$50,559,500. 
On September 14, 2018, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of AUD$60,000,000.  
As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was AUD$60,363,164. 
On October 4, 2018, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$100,000,000.  As 
of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$100,925,950. 
On October 19, 2018, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$45,000,000.  As 
of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$45,339,121. 
On October 24, 2018, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of AUD$40,000,000.  
As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was AUD$39,796,505. 
On April 23, 2019, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$10,000,000.  As of 
December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$10,118,950. 
On May 22, 2019, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of CHF175,000,000.  As of 
December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was CHF174,903,968. 
On June 14, 2019, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$50,000,000.  As of 
December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$49,810,145. 
On July 10, 2019, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$50,000,000.  As of 
December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$50,488,456. 
On August 28, 2019, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$10,000,000.  As 
of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$10,048,850. 
On September 24, 2019, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of CHF100,000,000.  
As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was CHF99,496,038. 
On October 29, 2019, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of CHF105,000,000.  As 
of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was CHF104,662,400. 
On December 2, 2019, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$20,000,000.  As 
of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$20,036,184. 
On December 2, 2019, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of AUD$30,000,000.  
As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was AUD$29,930,750. 
On March 18, 2020, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of CHF125,000,000.  As 
of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was CHF124,402,763.

--- Page 95 ---
83 
On March 17, 2021, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$54,000,000.  As of 
December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$53,600,611. 
On April 27, 2021, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$10,000,000.  As of 
December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$10,066,971. 
On June 23, 2021, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$10,000,000.  As of 
December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$9,915,331. 
On July 15, 2021, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of CHF100,000,000.  As of 
December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was CHF99,248,109. 
On August 18, 2021, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$10,000,000.  As 
of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$9,998,229. 
On September 16, 2021, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$30,000,000.  
As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$29,898,779. 
On September 21, 2021, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$10,000,000.  
As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$9,940,721. 
On September 24, 2021, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$133,000,000.  
As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$132,646,790. 
On September 27, 2021, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$10,000,000.  
As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$9,973,130. 
On October 14, 2021, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$500,000,000.  As 
of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$490,943,009. 
On October 19, 2021, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$17,000,000.  As 
of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$17,113,870. 
On October 27, 2021, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$20,000,000.  As 
of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$20,092,714. 
On December 1, 2021, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$20,000,000.  As 
of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$19,982,275. 
On January 7, 2022, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of JPY5,000,000,000.  As 
of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was JPY4,969,225,046. 
On January 26, 2022, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of CHF200,000,000. As 
of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was CHF199,244,642. 
On March 10, 2022, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$10,000,000. As of 
December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$9,945,803. 
On March 15, 2022, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$25,000,000.  As of 
December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$24,905,311. 
On March 22, 2023, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of CHF135,000,000. As 
of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$136,417,941. 
On August 18, 2023, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$35,000,000. As of 
December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$34,959,041. 
On September 28, 2023, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$10,000,000. 
As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$10,007,455.

--- Page 96 ---
84 
On December 22, 2023, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$15,000,000. As 
of December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the issued notes was US$15,023,213. 
On February 8, 2024, we issued perpetual notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of 
US$500,000,000. 
On February 15, 2024, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$10,000,000. 
On February 16, 2024, we issued notes under the Program in an aggregate principal amount of US$10,000,000. 
Outstanding balances referred to above include principal plus accrued interest. 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Commitments 
We are party to transactions with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of our business. These transactions 
expose us to credit risk in addition to amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements. 
Contingent loans and commitments consist of guarantees granted by us in Chilean pesos, UF and foreign currencies 
(principally U.S. dollars), as well as open and unused letters of credit, among others.  The total amount held off-balance sheet 
as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 was Ch$21,488,347 million, Ch$20,843,650 million and Ch$22,564,403 million, 
respectively. Contingent loans are considered in the calculation of risk-weighted assets and capital requirements as well as 
for provisions for contingent loan requirements. 
Other off-balance sheet arrangements include commitments to extend credit such as overdraft protection and credit 
card lines of credit. Such commitments are agreements to lend to a customer at a future date, subject to the customer 
compliance with the contractual terms. The aggregate amount of these commitments was Ch$13,203,790 million as of 
December 31, 2023, which will be financed with our deposit base. Since a substantial portion of these commitments is 
expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total amount of commitments does not necessarily represent our actual 
future cash requirements. We use the same credit policies in making commitments to extend credit as we do for granting 
loans.  In the opinion of our management, our outstanding commitments do not represent an unusual credit risk. 
From time to time, we enter into agreements to securitize certain assets by selling those assets to unconsolidated and 
unaffiliated entities, which then sell debt securities secured by those assets. These sales are non-recourse to us.  However, in 
the past, we have occasionally purchased a subordinated bond issued by one of these unconsolidated entities. At December 
31, 2023, we did not hold any of these subordinated bonds in our investment portfolio. 
Asset and Liability Management 
See “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Asset and Liability Management” regarding our 
policies with respect to asset and liability management. 
Dividends 
Under the current General Banking Law, a Chilean bank may only pay a single dividend per year and interim 
dividends are not permitted. Our annual dividend is proposed by our board of directors and is approved by our shareholders 
at the annual ordinary shareholders’ meeting held the year following that in which the dividend is generated.  For example, 
our 2022 dividend was proposed and approved during the first four months of 2023. Following shareholder approval, the 
proposed dividend is declared and paid.  Historically, the dividend for a particular year has been declared and paid no later 
than two months following the shareholders’ meeting. Dividends are paid to shareholders of record on the fifth day preceding 
the date set for payment of the dividend. 
Under the General Banking Law, a bank must distribute cash dividends in respect of any fiscal year in an amount 
equal to at least 30% of its net income for that year, provided the dividend may not result in the infringement of minimum 
capital requirements.  The balance of our distributable net income is generally retained for use in our business (including for 
the maintenance of any required legal reserves).  Although our board of directors currently intends to pay regular annual 
dividends, the amount of dividend payments will depend upon, among other factors, our then-current level of earnings, capital 
and legal reserve requirements, and market conditions, and there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of future 
dividends.

--- Page 97 ---
85 
The following table presents dividends declared and paid by us in nominal terms in the years indicated: 
Year Paid 
Outstanding common 
shares 
Dividend (in millions 
of Ch$) 
Per share Ch$/share 
% of Earnings(1) 
2019 ......................................................... 
135,892,980 
135,893 
1,000 
34.3% 
2020 ......................................................... 
141,616,409 
141,616 
1,000 
35.2% 
2021 ......................................................... 
148,767,940 
104,138 
700 
32.8% 
2022 ......................................................... 
155,886,505 
157,445 
1,010 
30.3% 
2023 ......................................................... 
168,837,345 
253,256 
1,500 
30.9% 
 
(1) 
Calculated by dividing dividend paid in the year by net income for the previous year. 
 
Capital Additions 
The following table reflects capital additions in the years indicated: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
  
2021 
193 
15,093 
15,286 
135,965 
151,251 
2022 
2023 
Land and buildings .........................................  
               650 
43 
Machinery and equipment ..............................  
          18,352  
20,806 
Subtotal ....................................................  
          19,002  
20,849 
Intangible Assets ............................................  
        71,957  
111,373 
Total ..........................................................  
90,959  
132,222

--- Page 98 ---
86 
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
General 
This section describes the market risks to which we are exposed in our business activities.  Additionally, an 
explanation is included of the internal tools and regulatory methods used to control these risks, portfolios over which these 
tools and methods are applied, and quantitative disclosures that demonstrate the level of exposure to financial risk we have 
assumed. 
The principal types of risk inherent in our business are market, liquidity, operational and credit risk.  The 
effectiveness with which we are able to manage the balance between risk and reward is a significant factor in our ability to 
generate long-term stable earnings growth.  Our senior management places great emphasis on risk management. 
Market Risk 
Market risk is the risk of losses due to unexpected changes in interest rates, inflation, foreign exchange rates and 
prices in general, including risk premiums associated with credit, counterparty and liquidity risks inherent in different 
financial instruments. 
Our market risk analysis focuses on managing risk exposure relating to (i) the interest rate risk inherent in our fixed 
income portfolio (comprised of a “trading” portfolio and “an available-for-sale” portfolio), which contains mainly Chilean 
government bonds, corporate bonds, mortgage finance bonds issued by third parties and interest rate derivatives and U.S. 
treasury bonds as part of the CNB portfolio; (ii) the interest rate risk relating to asset and liability positions; (iii) liquidity 
risk; and (iv) our net foreign currency position, which includes all of our assets and liabilities in foreign currencies (mainly 
U.S. dollars), including derivatives that hedge certain foreign currency mismatches that arise between investments and the 
funding thereof.  
We are exposed to market risk mainly as a result of the following activities: 
 
trading in financial instruments, which exposes us to interest rate risk and foreign exchange rate risk; 
 
engaging in banking activities, which subjects us to interest rate risk, since a change in interest rates affecting 
gross interest income, gross interest expense and customer behavior; 
 
engaging in banking activities, which exposes us to inflation rate risk, since a variation in the Chilean consumer 
price index or expected inflation affects gross interest income, gross interest expense and customer behavior; 
 
trading in the local equity market, which subjects us to potential losses caused by fluctuations of the stock 
market; and 
 
investing in assets or funding with liabilities whose returns or accounts are denominated in currencies other than 
the peso, which subjects us to foreign exchange risk between the peso and such other currencies. 
Interest Rate Sensitivity 
A key component of our asset and liability risk management policy is the management of interest rate sensitivity.  
Interest rate sensitivity is the relationship between market interest rates and net interest revenue due to the maturity or reprice 
characteristics of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities.  For any given period, the pricing structure is matched 
when an equal amount of such assets or liabilities mature or reprice in that period. Any mismatch of interest earning assets 
and interest bearing liabilities is known as a gap position. A positive gap denotes asset sensitivity and normally means that 
an increase in interest rates would have a positive effect on net interest revenue, while a decrease in interest rates would have 
a negative effect on net interest revenue. 
Our interest rate sensitivity strategy takes into account not only the rates of return and the underlying degree of risk, 
but also liquidity requirements, including minimum regulatory cash reserves, mandatory liquidity ratios, withdrawal and 
maturity of deposits, capital costs and additional demand for funds. We monitor our maturity mismatches and positions and 
we manage them within established limits.

--- Page 99 ---
87 
Exchange Rate Sensitivity 
Our operating income is affected from fluctuations in the exchange rate of the Chilean peso with foreign currencies, 
mainly the U.S. dollar, and with the UF, the local inflation-linked unit. Although we may record foreign currency-related 
gain or losses, our current policy is to attempt to avoid significant impact on our results from fluctuations in the exchange 
rates between the Chilean peso and the U.S. dollar or any other foreign currency.  Chilean banking regulation limits the 
maximum net foreign currency exposure that a bank is allowed to hold to 20% of its regulatory capital plus reserves.  As of 
December 31, 2023, our net exposure was Ch$517,303 million (US$590 million), or 6.89% of our regulatory capital plus 
reserves.  See “Asset and Liability Management” and “Exchange Controls.” 
The rate of devaluation or revaluation of the peso against the U.S. dollar can be expected to have the following 
principal effects: 
 
if we maintain a net asset position in U.S. dollars and a devaluation of the peso against the U.S. dollar occurs, 
we would record a related gain, and if an appreciation of the peso occurs, we would record a related loss; 
 
if we maintain a net liability position in U.S. dollars and a devaluation of the peso against the dollar occurs, we 
would record a related loss, and if an appreciation of the peso occurs, we would record a related gain; 
 
if the inflation rate for a period exceeded the devaluation of the peso against the U.S. dollar during the same 
period, we would record a related gain if we had a net asset position in UFs that exceeded a net liability position 
in U.S. dollars, and we would record a related loss if we had a net liability position in U.S. dollars that exceeded 
a net asset position in UFs.  The same effect would occur if there were an appreciation of the peso against the 
U.S. dollar; and 
 
if the inflation rate for a period is lower than the rate of devaluation of the peso against the U.S. dollar during 
the same period, we would record a related gain if we maintained a net asset position in U.S. that exceeds a net 
liability position in UFs and would record a related loss if we had a net liability position in U.S. dollars that 
exceeds a net asset position in UFs.  The same effect would occur if there were an appreciation of the peso 
against the U.S. dollar. 
Policies 
 
Our asset and liability management policies are developed by our Assets and Liabilities Committee, following 
guidelines established by our Board of Directors.  The Assets and Liabilities Committee includes the Chief Executive Officer, 
the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Risk Officer, the Treasurer, and the Heads of Financial Risk Management, Sales and 
Trading Desks, Control & Planning and Retail and Commercial Banking Divisions.  The role of the Assets and Liabilities 
Committee is to ensure that our treasury and international divisions’ operations are consistently in compliance with our 
internal risk policies as well as applicable regulatory supervision and limits.  The Assets and Liabilities Committee typically 
meets on a monthly basis.  Senior members of our Risk and Treasury departments meet regularly in a Finance and Risk 
Committee to address specific topics of these areas such as market risk limits or counterparty exposure. 
 
Our Treasury and International divisions manage the banking book and the trading portfolios following the 
guidelines set by the Assets and Liabilities Committee and the Market Risk and Credit Risk departments.  The Market Risk 
department’s main activities consist of (i) estimating and controlling the price risk of marked to market positions applying 
value-at-risk and other statistical techniques (as discussed below); (ii) estimating and controlling the interest rate and foreign 
currency risks of our portfolio; (iii) setting minimum liquidity limits for the treasury asset and liability operations; and (iv) 
setting the guidelines for the pricing of derivatives instruments and fixed income instruments when prices are not readily 
available. 
 
Our policy on asset and liability management is to maximize net interest income and return on assets and equity in 
light of interest rate, liquidity and foreign exchange risks and within the limits of Chilean banking regulation.  See “Regulation 
and Supervision.”

--- Page 100 ---
88 
 
As of December 31, 2023, maturity and currency analysis of our assets and liabilities were as follows: 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Assets 
1Y 
5Y 
10Y 
10Y+ 
Total 
Ch$ ..................................... 
20,371,796 
6,087,395 
1,706,116 
368,166 
28,533,473 
UF ....................................... 
6,222,867 
9,139,790 
5,448,386 
3,887,694 
24,698,737 
Foreign currency ................. 
6,289,055 
2,019,384 
1,360,963 
198,472 
9,867,873 
Total ................................ 
32,883,718 
17,246,568 
8,515,464 
4,454,331 
63,100,082 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
1Y 
5Y 
10Y 
10Y+ 
Total 
Ch$ ..................................... 
23,176,921 
2,371,637 
1,891,653 
1,481,362 
28,921,572 
UF ....................................... 
4,243,677 
6,643,631 
4,739,636 
2,148,983 
17,775,927 
Foreign currency ................. 
7,944,123 
1,762,009 
1,067,929 
63,097 
10,837,158 
Total ................................ 
35,364,721 
10,777,276 
7,699,218 
3,693,442 
57,534,657 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Mismatch 
1Y 
5Y 
10Y 
10Y+ 
Total 
Ch$ ..................................... 
(2,805,125) 
3,715,759 
(185,537) 
(1,113,196) 
(388,100) 
UF ....................................... 
1,979,190 
2,496,159 
708,749 
1,738,711 
6,922,809 
Foreign currency ................. 
(1,655,068) 
257,375 
293,034 
135,374 
(969,285) 
Total ................................ 
(2,481,003) 
6,469,292 
816,246 
760,890 
5,565,425 
 
Regulatory Method to Control Market Risk 
On a stand alone basis, we must divide our balance sheet into two separate categories: (i) a trading portfolio (Libro 
de Negociación) and (ii) a stand alone non-trading, or structural, portfolio (Libro de Banca).  The trading portfolio, as defined 
by the CMF (former SBIF), includes all instruments valued at market prices, free of any restrictions for their immediate sale, 
frequently traded by us and kept with the intention to be sold in the short-term in order to profit from short-term price 
variations.  The non-trading portfolio is defined as all instruments in the balance sheet not considered in the trading portfolio. 
We must also report the following absolute risk levels: 
Trading Portfolio: 
 
Exposure to interest rate risk: the interest rate risk is calculated using sensitivity analysis to measure potential 
losses assuming an increase in nominal rate yield curves, real rates and foreign currency rates of 75 to 350 basis 
points. 
 
Exposure to foreign currency risk: the foreign currency risk is calculated using sensitivity factors linked to the 
credit risk rating of the issuing country. 
 
Market risk exposure of options: options risk is calculated using sensitivity factors called delta, gamma and 
vega that basically measure the sensitivity of the value of the options to changes in price of the underlying 
security and its volatility. 
Non-trading Portfolio: 
 
Exposure to short-term interest rate risk: sensitivity analysis that is calculated for assets and liabilities with 
maturities of less than one year, assuming a 200 basis point parallel shift of the nominal yield curve, a 400 basis 
point parallel shift for real rates and a 200 basis point parallel shift for foreign interest rates. 
 
Exposure to inflation risk: sensitivity analysis that is calculated for our net position in assets and liabilities, 
comprised of UF-denominated instruments, assuming a 200 basis point adverse impact on the related yield 
curve. 
 
Exposure to long-term interest rate risk: sensitivity analysis that is calculated for assets and liabilities with 
maturities over one year, assuming a 200 basis point parallel shift of the nominal yield curve, a 400 basis point 
parallel shift for real rates and a 200 basis point parallel shift for foreign interest rates.

--- Page 101 ---
89 
The CMF (former SBIF) has defined various limits for these risks: 
1. Limit on exposure to market risk of our trading portfolio.  Our regulatory capital must be greater or equal to the 
sum of the exposure to market risk multiplied by the minimum capital adequacy ratio defined in the General 
Banking Law, as shown in the following formula: 
RC – ((k * RWA) + EMR) ≥ 0 
Where: 
RC: 
Regulatory capital as defined by the General Banking Law. 
k: 
Minimum capital adequacy ratio.  We are required to use a 8.0% minimum capital adequacy ratio. 
RWA: Consolidated risk-weighted assets as defined by the General Banking Law. 
EMR: 
Exposure to market risk.  Our exposure to market risk is equal to the total market risk of our unconsolidated 
trading portfolio. 
2. Limit on exposure to short-term interest rate and inflation risk of our non-trading portfolio. Our exposure to 
short term interest rate and inflation risk of the non-trading portfolio cannot exceed 25% of our stand alone net 
interest income plus fees sensitive to interest rate volatility. 
3. Limit on exposure to long-term interest rate risk of our non-trading portfolio. Our exposure to long-term interest 
rate risk of the stand alone non-trading portfolio cannot exceed 20% of our regulatory capital. 
The following is a description of the models adopted by local regulators for measuring each component of market 
risk. 
Interest Rate Risk of Trading Portfolio (1) 
The interest rate risk of the trading portfolio as defined by the Central Bank of Chile is equal to the sum of: 
 
Sensitivity analysis of the trading portfolio; 
 
Vertical adjustment factor; and 
 
Horizontal adjustment factor. 
The sensitivity factor of the trading portfolio is calculated using the following formula: 
∑
𝑀
𝑚
|∑
14
𝑖−1
(𝑎𝑚𝑡× 𝐴𝑚𝑡−𝑎𝑚𝑡× 𝑃𝑚𝑡)| 
Where: 
Amt 
= Trading assets (pesos, inflation-linked and foreign currency) 
Pmt 
= Liabilities funding trading positions (pesos, inflation-linked and foreign currency) 
amt 
= Sensitivity factor to increase in interest rate 
M 
= Highest currency value 
m 
= Currency (pesos, inflation-linked and foreign currency) 
t 
= Time period 
∑ 
= Summation 
| | 
= Absolute value 
The vertical adjustment factor is calculated as follows: 
∑
𝑀
𝑚
∑
14
𝑖−1
𝛽× 𝑀𝑖𝑛(𝑎𝑚𝑡× 𝐴𝑚𝑡−𝑎𝑚𝑡× 𝑃𝑚𝑡) 
Where: 
ß 
= Vertical adjustment factor, equal to 10%

--- Page 102 ---
90 
Min 
= Compensated net position 
A horizontal adjustment must be made following the vertical adjustment.  To determine the horizontal adjustment 
the horizontal adjustment factor must be multiplied by the compensated net position for Zone 1, Zone 2, Zone 3; Zones 1 and 
2; Zones 2 and 3; and Zones 1 through 3. 
Horizontal adjustment = Adjusted net position 
Compensated net position Zone 1, 2 or 3: ............  
Min (adjusted net asset position; absolute value of adjusted net 
liability position in Zone 1, 2 or 3). 
Compensated net position Zones 1 and 2: ............  
Min (adjusted net asset position in Zones 1 and 2, absolute value of 
adjusted net liability position in Zones 1 and 2). 
Compensated net position Zones 2 and 3: ............  
Min (adjusted net asset position in Zone 3 and Zone 2 (deducting 
adjusted net asset position that have been compensated for with net 
liability positions in Zone 1), absolute value of adjusted net liability 
position in Zone 3 and Zone 2 (deducting adjusted net liability 
positions that have been compensated for with net liability positions 
in Zone 1). 
Compensated net position Zones 1- 3: .................  
Min (Adjusted net asset position in Zone 3 and Zone 1 (deducting 
adjusted net asset position that have been compensated for with net 
liability positions in Zone 2), absolute value of adjusted net liability 
position in Zone 3 and Zone 1 (deducting adjusted net liability 
positions that have been compensated for with net liability positions 
in Zone 2). 
 
(1) 
In compliance with current regulations of the Central Bank of Chile and the CMF.  
The following table illustrates the value of the different factors used for calculating the interest rate risk of the trading 
portfolio: 
 
 
 
Change in interest rate (bp) 
Sensitivity factor 
 
Horizontal adjustment factor 
Zone 
 
Period 
Ch$ 
UF 
FX 
Ch$ 
UF 
FX 
Vertical 
adjustment 
factor 
Within the 
zones 
Between 
adjacent 
zones 
Between 
zones 1 and 
3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Zone 1 .  
1 
Up to 30 days 
125 
350 
125 
0.0005 
0.0014 
0.0005 
ß = 10% 
λ1 = 40% 
λ 12 = 40% 
λ 13 = 100% 
 
2 
31 days to 3 
months 
125 
300 
125 
0.0019 
0.0047 
0.0020 
ß = 10% 
λ1 = 40% 
λ 12 = 40% 
λ 13 = 100% 
 
3 
3 - 6 months 
125 
250 
125 
0.0042 
0.0088 
0.0044 
ß = 10% 
λ1 = 40% 
λ 12 = 40% 
λ 13 = 100% 
 
4 
6 - 9 months 
125 
200 
125 
0.0069 
0.0116 
0.0072 
ß = 10% 
λ1 = 40% 
λ 12 = 40% 
λ 13 = 100% 
 
5 
9 months – 1 year 
125 
175 
125 
0.0095 
0.0140 
0.0100 
ß = 10% 
λ1 = 40% 
λ 12 = 40% 
λ 13 = 100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Zone 2 .  
6 
1 - 2 years 
100 
125 
100 
0.0124 
0.0166 
0.0133 
ß = 10% 
λ2 = 30% 
λ 12 = 40% 
λ 13 = 100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
2 -3 years 
100 
100 
100 
0.0191 
0.0211 
0.0211 
ß = 10% 
λ2 = 30% 
λ 12 = 40% 
λ 13 = 100% 
 
8 
3 - 4 years 
100 
100 
100 
0.0248 
0.0281 
0.0281 
ß = 10% 
λ2 = 30% 
λ 23 = 40% 
λ 13 = 100% 
Zone 3 .  
9 
4 - 5 years 
75 
75 
75 
0.0221 
0.0258 
0.0258 
ß = 10% 
λ3 = 30% 
λ 23 = 40% 
λ 13 = 100% 
 
10 
5 - 7 years 
75 
75 
75 
0.0263 
0.0320 
0.0320 
ß = 10% 
λ3 = 30% 
λ 23 = 40% 
λ 13 = 100% 
 
11 
7 - 10 years 
75 
75 
75 
0.0307 
0.0401 
0.0401 
ß = 10% 
λ3 = 30% 
λ 23 = 40% 
λ 13 = 100% 
 
12 
10 - 15 years 
75 
75 
75 
0.0332 
0.0486 
0.0486 
ß = 10% 
λ3 = 30% 
λ 23 = 40% 
λ 13 = 100% 
 
13 
15-20 years 
75 
75 
75 
0.0317 
0.0534 
0.0534 
ß = 10% 
λ 3 = 30% 
λ 23 = 40% 
λ 13 = 100% 
 
14 
> 20 years 
75 
75 
75 
0.0278 
0.0539 
0.0539 
ß = 10% 
λ 3 = 30% 
λ 23 = 40% 
λ 13 = 100%

--- Page 103 ---
91 
Foreign Currency Risk 
The foreign currency risk as defined by the Central Bank of Chile is equal to: 
𝑀𝑎𝑥[{∑
𝑖
𝑁𝐴𝑃𝑖× 𝜎𝑖−∑
𝑗
𝑁𝐴𝑃𝑗× 𝜎𝑗} {|∑
𝑖
𝑁𝐿𝑃𝑖× 𝜎𝑖−∑
𝑗
𝑁𝐿𝑃𝑗× 𝜎𝑗|}] + |𝑁𝑃𝑔𝑜𝑙𝑑× 𝜎𝑖| 
Where: 
NAP 
= Net asset position.  
NLP 
= Net liabilities position.  
NPgold = Net gold position. 
i 
= Foreign currency of countries with AAA sovereign rating. 
j 
= Foreign currency of countries with sovereign rating lower that AAA. 
σi 
= Sensitivity factor for i (8)%. 
σj 
= Sensitivity factor for j (35)%. 
∑ 
= Summation. 
| | 
= Absolute value. 
Max 
= Maximum value. 
Interest Rate and Inflation Risk of Non-trading Portfolio 
The short-term interest rate risk and inflation risk of non-trading portfolio as defined by the Central Bank of Chile 
is equal to: 
∑
𝑀
𝑚
|∑
5
𝑖−1
(𝐴𝑚× 𝑃𝑚) × 𝑈𝑖| + |𝑃𝑁𝑈𝑅× 𝜏| + |∆∅| 
The long-term interest rate risk of the non-trading portfolio is calculated according to the following formula: 
∑
𝑀
𝑚
|∑
14
𝑖−1
(𝐴𝑚× 𝑃𝑚) × 𝜌𝑚| 
Where: 
Amt 
= Non-trading assets (Ch$, inflation linked and foreign currency). 
Pmt 
= Non-trading liabilities (Ch$, inflation linked and foreign currency). 
µt 
= Sensitivity factor associated with interest rate movement. 
NPur 
= Net position in inflation linked instruments, including those subject to price level restatement. 
t 
= Inflation index sensitivity factor.  This factor is equal to 2%. 
∆ɸ 
= Effect on fees from shifts in interest rate and assumes a 200 basis point movement. 
ρ 
= Sensitive factor to increase in interest rates. 
t 
= Time period. 
m 
= Currency (pesos, inflation linked and foreign currency). 
∑ 
= Summation. 
| | 
= Absolute value. 
The following table illustrates the value of the different factors used for calculating the interest rate risk and inflation 
risk of the non-trading portfolio:

--- Page 104 ---
92 
 
Change in interest rate 
(bp) 
Sensitivity 
factor 
short-term 
Sensitivity factor long-term 
(mt)(1) 
Period 
Ch$ 
UF 
FX 
(t) 
Ch$ 
UF 
FX 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
Up to 30 days ...................  
200 
400 
200 
0.0192 
0.0008 
0.0016 
0.0008 
2 
31 days to 3 months .........  
200 
400 
200 
0.0167 
0.0030 
0.0063 
0.0031 
3 
3 - 6 months .....................  
200 
400 
200 
0.0125 
0.0067 
0.0140 
0.0070 
4 
6 - 9 months .....................  
200 
400 
200 
0.0075 
0.0110 
0.0231 
0.0116 
5 
9 months - 1 year ..............  
200 
400 
200 
0.0025 
0.0152 
0.0320 
0.0160 
6 
1 - 2 years .........................  
200 
300 
200 
– 
0.0248 
0.0399 
0.0266 
7 
2 - 3 years .........................  
200 
200 
200 
– 
0.0382 
0.0422 
0.0422 
8 
3 – years ...........................  
200 
200 
200 
– 
0.0496 
0.0563 
0.0563 
9 
4 - 5 years .........................  
200 
200 
200 
– 
0.0591 
0.0690 
0.0690 
10 
5 - 7 years .........................  
200 
200 
200 
– 
0.0702 
0.0856 
0.0856 
11 
7 -10 years ........................  
200 
200 
200 
– 
0.0823 
0.1076 
0.1076 
12 
10 - 15 years .....................  
200 
200 
200 
– 
0.0894 
0.1309 
0.1309 
13 
15 - 20 years .....................  
200 
200 
200 
– 
0.0860 
0.1450 
0.1450 
14 
> 20 years .........................  
200 
200 
200 
– 
0.0762 
0.1480 
0.1480 
 
(1) 
Currency positions over time. 
As of December 31, 2023, our interest rate risk gap for short-term assets and liabilities of the non-trading portfolio, 
measured according to the methodology described above, was 6.95% of our gross margin. Our interest rate risk gap for long-
term assets and liabilities was 3.14% of our regulatory capital. In each case, the interest rate risk gaps were in compliance 
with current Chilean regulations. 
Options Risk  
The exposure to market risk of options is calculated using sensitivity factors delta, gamma and vega. 
Delta 
Delta of a derivative financial instrument is the rate of change of its price relative to the price of the underlying 
asset.  It is the first derivation of the curve that relates the price of such derivative to the price of the underlying security.  
When delta is high, the price of the derivative financial instrument is sensitive to small changes in the price of the underlying 
security. 
Gamma 
Gamma of a derivative financial instrument is the rate of change of delta relative to the price of the underlying asset.  
It is the second derivation of the option price relative to the security price.  When gamma is low, the change in delta is low.  
The gamma impact is calculated using the following formula: 
Gamma impact = Gamma * (Variation of underlying security)^2 / 2 
Vega 
Vega is one of the factor sensitivities used to measure sensitivity to the implied volatilities of the underlying security. 
Vega is the rate of change in the price of a derivative financial instrument relative to the volatility of the underlying security. 
When vega is high, the derivative financial instrument is sensitive to small changes in volatility.  In general, a long option 
position will benefit from rising implied volatilities and suffer from declining implied volatilities.  Short option positions 
display opposite behavior. As defined by the Central Bank of Chile, the Vega Risk is the sum in absolute value of the vega 
impacts for each option held by a bank. These impacts will be calculated assuming a change of 25% in the volatility rate. 
Assumptions and Limitations of Scenario Simulations / Sensitivity Analysis 
Our scenario simulation methodology should be interpreted in light of the limitations of our models, which include: 
 
The scenario simulation assumes that the volumes remain on balance sheet and that they are always renewed at 
maturity, omitting the fact that credit risk considerations and prepayments may affect the maturity of certain 
positions.

--- Page 105 ---
93 
 
This model assumes set shifts in interest rates (movimientos paralelos de tasa) and sensitivity factors for 
different time periods and does not take into consideration any other scenario for each time period or other 
sensitivity factors. 
 
The model does not take into consideration the sensitivity of volumes to these shifts in interest rates. 
 
The model does not take into consideration our subsidiaries which are subject to market risks. 
Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
The following table illustrates our market risk exposure as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, calculated 
according to the Chilean regulatory method.  Our maximum exposure to long-term interest rate fluctuations is set at 20% of 
regulatory capital and is approved by our board of directors.  
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except for percentages) 
Market risk of trading portfolio .......................................................................  
344,455 
275,988 
308,740 
8% x risk-weighted assets ................................................................................  
3,509,744 
2,258,780 
2,370,243 
Subtotal ............................................................................................................  
3,854,199 
2,534,768 
2,678,983 
Limit = regulatory capital ................................................................................  
5,709,951 
4,618,371 
5,457,009 
Available margin .............................................................................................  
1,855,752 
2,083,604 
2,778,026 
Market risk of short-term non-trading portfolio ...............................................  
146,159 
205,171 
238,686 
Applicable exposure limits ..............................................................................  
27% 
26% 
26% 
Limit (net interest revenue + net interest income sensitive to interest rates) ...  
363,061 
539,287 
369,397 
Available margin .............................................................................................  
216,902 
334,115 
130,711 
 
 
 
 
Market risk of long-term non-trading portfolio ................................................  
563,796 
444,712 
517,303 
Limit = 20% of regulatory capital ....................................................................  
1,141,990 
1,240,016 
1,501,662 
Available margin .............................................................................................  
578,194 
795,304 
984,359 
 
 
Internal Methods to Control Market Risk 
Below is a quantitative and qualitative description of our markets risks tools according to our internal guidelines.  
Our policies establish a set of tools to monitor market risks using both statistical and non-parametric approaches.  The main 
tools are Value-at-Risk (VaR) for the trading portfolios and sensitivity analysis for the loan portfolio.  We complement both 
tools with a series of stress tests using historical, parametric and non-parametric scenarios. 
VaR Methodology 
General 
We use value-at-risk methodology to measure and control the price risk of our trading portfolio. We also use this 
tool for other securities and portfolios subject to mark to market valuation.  Variation in VaR is generally a result of interest 
rate and foreign exchange rates fluctuations, portfolio rebalancing, or both. 
VaR is an estimate of the expected loss in the market value of a portfolio over a 10-day horizon at one-tailed 99% 
confidence interval. Given our accounting currency, VaR is measured in Chilean pesos. VaR is calculated daily, after the end 
of the trading session. We perform one day profits and losses forecasts relying on historical simulation of relevant risk factors. 
We use almost four years of daily data and perform volatility updating to account for volatility clusters. We scale our forecast 
to a 10-day regulatory window with the square root rule. 
VaR Limits 
VaR limits are revaluated periodically at the Asset Liability Committee or other senior committee.  Although there 
is not an explicit rule for its calculation, we use 1% of equity as a benchmark.

--- Page 106 ---
94 
Assumptions and Limitations of VaR Model 
Whereas value-at-risk provides a valuable tool for managing market risk, our management recognizes its limitations.  
The pros and cons of the different VaR approaches had been widely documented in the risk management literature.  But 
regardless of the methodology chosen, it is dangerous to rely in the VaR as the sole market risk barometer.  Amongst the 
main limitations of our historic simulation model, we can name the following: 
 
Historic simulation methodology assumes the past is the best forecast for future VaR. 
 
Risk factors dependencies not realized in history will remain as model risk. 
 
Fat tails may be only partially captured.  Fat tail is a cumulative density distribution in which extreme events 
are more likely to occur than, for example, a standard normal distribution. 
 
Our portfolio value-at-risk changes during the trading session are not accounted for. 
Stress Tests and Scenario Analysis 
Given the limitations of these models, we perform different stress analysis as a complement to VaR calculations: 
 
Normative (internal) variations in risk factors (i.e. shifts to the IR (interest rates) term structure; foreign 
exchange shocks). 
 
Stress Test (Expected Shortfall, Worst Case, Stressed VaR, VaR without volatility scaling). 
 
Model sensibilities (variations to the historical data window and/or to model parameters). 
Other Limits 
We have also set position limits for certain portfolios like foreign exchange exposure and options portfolio.  Profit 
and Loss (PnL) limits are also in place to preserve capital from unexpected losses. 
We also include descriptive statistics for both, trading and non-trading portfolios during 2022 and 2023. The 
following chart shows the evolution of our 10-day VaR measure during 2023:

--- Page 107 ---
95 
The following table shows descriptive statistics for our trading and non-trading portfolios as of December 31, 2021, 
2022 and 2023.  
 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
VaR trading portfolio by type of risk 
 
 
 
 
Fx risk ................................................................  
1,054 
8,478 
28 
1,898 
Interest rate risk .................................................  
4,152 
7,612 
1,645 
2,181 
Diversification(1) 
285 
3,502 
26 
553 
VaR total ............................................................  
4,921 
12,589 
1,647 
3,526 
 
 
 
 
 
VaR Non-trading portfolio by type of risk 
 
 
 
 
Fx risk ................................................................  
630 
3,577 
3 
622 
Interest rate risk .................................................  
1,521 
7,152 
403 
1,954 
Diversification(1) 
465 
6,725 
67 
388 
VaR total ............................................................  
1,685 
4,003 
473 
2,188 
 
(1) 
Diversification is defined as the effect of correlation of Total VaR.  
 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
 
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
VaR trading portfolio by type of risk 
 
 
 
 
Fx risk ................................................................  
813 
813 
813 
857 
Interest rate risk .................................................  
6,825 
12,964 
643 
4,997 
Diversification(1) 
342 
3,020 
497 
253 
VaR total ............................................................  
7,296 
16,797 
958 
5,602 
 
 
 
 
 
VaR Non-trading portfolio by type of risk 
 
 
 
 
Fx risk ................................................................  
692 
4,520 
4 
180 
Interest rate risk .................................................  
2,133 
4,950 
627 
2,527 
Diversification(1) 
527 
3,309 
152 
176 
VaR total ............................................................  
2,298 
4,797 
782 
2,530 
 
(1) 
Diversification is defined as the effect of correlation of Total VaR.  
 
 
As of December 31, 2021 
 
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
VaR trading portfolio by type of risk 
 
 
 
 
Fx risk ................................................................  
814 
3,442 
20 
390 
Interest rate risk .................................................  
3,546 
7,000 
601 
2,562 
Diversification(1) 
201 
1,832 
48 
125 
VaR total ............................................................  
4,159 
8,610 
669 
2,827 
 
 
 
 
 
VaR Non-trading portfolio by type of risk 
 
 
 
 
Fx risk ................................................................  
557 
3,696 
11 
706 
Interest rate risk .................................................  
1,967 
4,950 
146 
2,765 
Diversification(1) 
379 
3,152 
100 
648 
VaR total ............................................................  
2,145 
5,494 
257 
2,823 
 
(1) 
Diversification is defined as the effect of correlation of Total VaR.

--- Page 108 ---
96 
Asset and Liability Management 
Sensitivity Analysis 
We perform sensitivity analysis by monitoring the changes in the present value of our assets and liabilities associated 
with changes in the reference yield of 100 basis points. We perform this analysis for the whole banking book through our 
Market Value Sensitivity (MVS) model, and for the short-term portion of our balance sheet through our Spreads-at-Risk 
(SaR) Model. As of December 31, 2023 our overall MVS limit was set at 10.0% of our regulatory capital, whereas the overall 
SaR limit was set at 12% of our net interest income. We perform these analyses for pesos, UF and foreign currency 
denominated assets and liabilities. 
The following chart compares our actual MVS and SaR indicators for the year ended December 31, 2023, against 
their respective limits.  
 
The table below sets forth our detailed MVS analysis as of December 31, 2023:  
 
Up to 3 months 
3 months –  
1 year 
1 year to  
5 years 
5 years to  
10 years 
Over 10 years 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Cash and due from banks ........................................  
1,591,902 
0 
0 
0 
0 
1,591,902 
Commercial loans ...................................................  
6,045,145 
5,666,374 
3,745,748 
2,000,156 
982,496 
18,439,919 
Consumer loans ......................................................  
461,911 
622,697 
1,317,931 
110,643 
18,835 
2,532,017 
Mortgages ..............................................................  
406,302 
1,242,684 
4,720,050 
3,374,114 
2,748,324 
12,491,474 
Securities purchased under resale agreements.........  
113,144 
0 
0 
0 
0 
113,144 
Investments instruments .........................................  
2,290,469 
1,596,307 
2,856,235 
1,138,244 
504,814 
8,386,069 
Financial derivative instruments .............................  
7,068,907 
2,840,347 
4,588,291 
1,884,054 
178,993 
16,560,592 
Other assets ............................................................  
3,453,559 
103,972 
18,313 
8,254 
20,869 
3,604,967 
Total assets .............................................................  
21,431,339 
12,072,381 
17,246,568 
8,515,465 
4,454,331 
63,720,082 
Total (%) ................................................................  
34% 
19% 
27% 
13% 
7% 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits and other liabilities payable on demand ...  
6,141,273 
438,396 
1,321,954 
904,449 
506,032 
9,312,104 
Savings account and time deposits..........................  
9,378,823 
2,203,744 
12,283 
25 
1 
11,594,876 
Securities sold under repurchase agreements ..........  
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
Liabilities with domestic creditors ..........................  
648,209 
4,471,984 
0 
0 
0 
5,120,193 
Liabilities with foreign creditors .............................  
701,749 
834,183 
143,869 
0 
0 
1,679,801 
Bonds .....................................................................  
284,165 
1,609,999 
4,424,797 
3,071,200 
1,855,597 
11,245,758 
Financial derivative instruments .............................  
5,482,851 
2,063,650 
4,873,755 
3,715,303 
1,312,138 
17,447,697 
Other liabilities .......................................................  
1,105,653 
43 
619 
8,242 
19,673 
1,134,230 
Total liabilities .......................................................  
23,742,723 
11,621,999 
10,777,277 
7,699,219 
3,693,441 
57,534,657 
Total (%) ................................................................  
41% 
20% 
19% 
13% 
6% 
100% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total .......................................................................  
 (2,311,384) 
450,381 
6,469,292 
816,246 
760,890 
6,185,425 
Total (%) ................................................................  
(37)% 
7% 
105% 
13% 
12% 
100%

--- Page 109 ---
97 
Stress Test and Scenario Analysis 
In addition to the sensitivity analysis described above, we perform stress testing of our balance sheet to account for 
extreme scenarios. We develop historic scenarios for interest rate risk, currency risk and inflation risk of our loan portfolio.  
The results of the stress tests are presented quarterly to the Asset Liability Committee. 
Disclosures Regarding Derivative Financial Instruments 
We enter into transactions involving derivative financial instruments, particularly foreign exchange forward 
contracts and interest rates swaps, as part of our asset and liability management and as part of our dealer activities in response 
to our clients’ needs. 
Derivative financial instruments are carried at fair value at market price on the balance sheet and the net unrealized 
gain (loss) on them is classified as a separate line item on the income statement. Banks operating in Chile generally must 
mark to market their derivative financial instruments. Derivative financial instruments that are classified as being held for 
trading purposes must be marked to market and the unrealized gain or loss must then be recognized in the income statement.  
With respect to our derivative financial instruments held for hedging purposes, changes in book value of hedged items are 
included in the mark-to-market and trading line items, except to the extent set forth below. 
The CMF (former SBIF) recognizes three kinds of hedge accounting: (i) cash flow hedges, (ii) fair value hedges and 
(iii) hedging of foreign investments: 
 
When a cash flow hedge exists, the fair value movements on the part of the hedging instrument that is effective 
are recognized in equity. The loss or gain is transferred to the consolidated statement of income to the extent 
that the hedged item impacts the income statement because of the hedged risk, offsetting the effect in the same 
line of the consolidated statement of income. Any ineffective portion of the fair value movement on the hedging 
instrument is recognized in the income statement. 
 
When a fair value hedge exists, the fair value movements on the hedging instrument and the corresponding fair 
value movements on the hedged item are recognized in the income statement. Hedged items in the balance sheet 
are presented at their market value. 
 
When a hedge of foreign investment exposure exists (i.e. investment in a foreign branch), the fair value 
movements on the part of the hedging instrument that is effective are recognized in equity. The accumulated 
difference is to be transferred to the consolidated statement of income at the date at which the sale on disposal 
occurs. Any ineffective portion of the fair value movement on the hedging instrument is recognized in the 
income statement. 
Although we classify some of our derivative financial instruments as being held for trading, in accordance with the 
guidelines set forth by the CMF, only a minor portion of our derivative financial instruments are actually used for speculative 
purposes or trading. 
Foreign exchange forward contracts involve an agreement to exchange payments denominated in a certain currency 
for payments denominated in another currency at an agreed-upon price and settlement date.  These contracts are generally 
standardized contracts, normally for periods between one and 180 days and are not traded in a secondary market; however, 
in the normal course of business and with the agreement of the original counterparty, they may be terminated or assigned to 
other counterparties. 
When we enter into a foreign exchange forward contract, we analyze and approve the credit risk (the risk that the 
counterparty might default on its obligations).  Subsequently, on an ongoing basis, we monitor the possible losses involved 
in each contract. To manage the level of credit risk, we deal with counterparties of good credit standing, enter into master 
netting agreements whenever possible and, when appropriate, obtain collateral. 
The Central Bank of Chile requires that foreign exchange forward contracts be made only in U.S. dollars and other 
major foreign currencies. Most of our forward contracts are made in U.S. dollars and pesos or UFs. In September 1997, the 
Central Bank of Chile changed its regulations with respect to foreign currency forward contracts, allowing Chilean companies 
to enter into foreign currency forward contracts with companies organized and located outside of Chile, including foreign 
subsidiaries of Chilean companies.

--- Page 110 ---
98 
Interest rate swaps allow our treasury to manage our loan portfolio risk adjusting gaps along the interest rate curve 
by swapping fixed rate for floating rate payments or vice versa. Conversely, cross currency swaps are used when either 
funding or loans are denominated in a foreign currency. 
In addition, our trading desk routinely enters into derivative financial instruments for purposes of both covering 
sales desk transactions and proprietary trading. 
The following table summarizes our derivative financial instruments portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2023:  
 
Fair value amounts as of December 31, 2023 
Type of derivative 
Up to 3 months 
From 3 to  
12 months 
More than  
12 months 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Foreign currency forwards (includes UF) ............................ 
127,697 
181,982 
(219,254) 
Cross currency swaps .......................................................... 
(146,806) 
(44,353) 
(172,513) 
Interest rate forwards / futures ............................................. 
(0,431) 
- 
- 
Interest rate swaps ............................................................... 
(4,179) 
34,959 
190,553 
 
 
Fair value amounts as of December 31, 2022 
Type of derivative 
Up to 3 months 
From 3 to  
12 months 
More than  
12 months 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Foreign currency forwards (includes UF) ............................ 
7,756 
(1,700) 
(25,280) 
Cross currency swaps .......................................................... 
(66,266) 
(30,859) 
(375,552) 
Interest rate forwards / futures ............................................. 
(0,15) 
- 
- 
Interest rate swaps ............................................................... 
(59,053) 
33,087 
116,464 
 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk arises in connection with the funding of our financing, trading and investment activities.  It includes 
the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of funding the portfolio of assets at appropriate maturities and rates, the risk of 
being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner at a reasonable price and the risk that we will be required to repay 
liabilities earlier than anticipated. Our general policy is to maintain sufficient liquidity to ensure our ability to honor 
withdrawals of deposits, make repayments of other liabilities at maturity, extend loans and meet our working capital needs. 
Since the early stages of the global financial crisis initiated in 2007, our board of directors has resolved to maintain 
a countercyclical liquidity policy, in line with the amendment proposals to Basel III. We implement this policy by owning a 
certain amount of liquid assets, like Chilean treasury bonds or short-term commercial paper. As of December 31, 2023, this 
maintenance of a certain amount of liquid assets which we define as our liquidity buffer is over Ch$985 million. 
Regulatory Compliance 
Our minimum liquidity position is determined by the reserve requirements set by the Central Bank of Chile.  These 
reserve requirements are currently 9.0% of demand deposits and 3.6% of time deposits.  We are currently in compliance with 
these requirements. In addition, we are subject to a technical requirement applicable to Chilean banks, pursuant to which we 
must hold certain amount of assets in cash or in highly liquid instruments if the aggregate amount of the following liabilities 
exceeds 2.5 times the amount of our net capital base: 
 
deposits in checking accounts; 
 
other demand deposits or obligations payable on demand and incurred in the ordinary course of business; 
 
other deposits unconditionally payable immediately or within a term of less than 30 days; and 
 
term deposits payable within ten days.

--- Page 111 ---
99 
Furthermore, under Chilean regulations a bank’s gaps between assets and liabilities maturing within 30 days may 
not exceed the bank’s net capital base, and a bank’s gaps between assets and liabilities maturing within 90 days may not 
exceed twice the bank’s net capital base. 
The following tables set forth an overview of our regulatory liquidity indicators, presented as the ratio of the 
respective gap between assets and liabilities to our net capital base, as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, all of which comply 
with a limit of 100%: 
 
December 31, 2023 
 
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Month End 
Short-term mismatch Ch$ - UF (% on basic capital) 
 
 
 
 
Mismatch 30 days ..................................................................  
(23.43)% 
6.20% 
(72.02)% 
5.23% 
Short-term mismatch Fx (% on basic capital) 
 
 
 
 
Mismatch 30 days ..................................................................  
6.80% 
24.73% 
(10.41)% 
5.04% 
Short-term mismatch (% on basic capital) 
 
 
 
 
Mismatch 30 days ..................................................................  
(16.63)% 
10.27% 
(52.66)% 
10.27% 
Mismatch 90 days ..................................................................  
5.61% 
20.09% 
(14.73)% 
12.70% 
 
 
December 31, 2022 
 
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Month End 
Short-term mismatch Ch$ - UF (% on basic capital) 
 
 
 
 
Mismatch 30 days ..................................................................  
(31.30)% 
10.90% 
(60.34)% 
(57.40)% 
Short-term mismatch Fx (% on basic capital) 
 
 
 
 
Mismatch 30 days ..................................................................  
2.53% 
19.38% 
(18.23)% 
9.43% 
Short-term mismatch (% on basic capital) 
 
 
 
 
Mismatch 30 days ..................................................................  
(28.78)% 
(4.46)% 
(50.17)% 
(47.97)% 
Mismatch 90 days ..................................................................  
(10.49)% 
(1.53)% 
(16.98)% 
(10.74)%

--- Page 112 ---
100 
THE CHILEAN BANKING INDUSTRY 
Overview 
As of December 31, 2023, the Chilean banking system was comprised of one public-sector bank and 16 private-
sector banks (of which 13 were Chilean banks and 3 were Chilean branches of foreign banks). The seven largest banks (in 
terms of total net loans outstanding), of which we are the largest with a 19.66% market share, together accounted for 90.99% 
of all outstanding loans by Chilean financial institutions as of December 31, 2023.  As of the same date, Chilean private banks 
and the Chilean branches of foreign banks accounted for 86.21% and 0.12% of all outstanding loans (including interbank 
loans) in the Chilean financial system, respectively, according to information published by the CMF. Unless otherwise 
indicated, we obtained the statistical information included in this section from the CMF.  The Chilean financial services 
market consists of a variety of distinct sectors. The most important, the commercial banking sector, includes private-sector 
banks and one public-sector bank, Banco del Estado de Chile (which operates within the same legal and regulatory framework 
as the private-sector banks).  
The Chilean banking industry has experienced increased competition in recent years which has led to, among other 
things, consolidation in the industry, reduction of the net interest margin and some banks leaving the market. Further 
consolidation may occur, and it is possible that the Chilean regulatory authorities may be more open to allowing new market 
entrants.  In addition, increased competition may result from non-banking industries entry to the credit and debit card market 
under the recently amended General Banking Law and changes due to new capital requirements.  See “Risks Factors—Risks 
Relating to our Business.” 
As a major commercial bank, offering a full range of services to all types of businesses and individual customers, 
we face a variety of competitors as to different aspects of its business, ranging from the other large private-sector commercial 
banks to more specialized entities like “niche” banks.  The principal private-sector commercial banks in Chile, other than us, 
include Banco Santander Chile, Banco de Chile, Itaú Corpbanca and Scotiabank. Commercial banks also face increasing 
competition from other financial intermediaries that can provide larger companies with access to the international and 
domestic capital markets as an alternative to bank loans.  To the extent permitted by the General Banking Law, we seek to 
maintain a competitive position in domestic capital markets through the investment banking activities of our subsidiaries.  
In the retail banking business, we compete with other private-sector Chilean banks and Banco del Estado de Chile. 
As of December 31, 2023, we held 12.66% of the total number of checking accounts in the Chilean banking system. Among 
private-sector Chilean banks, we believe that our strongest competitors in the consumer retail market are Banco Santander 
Chile, Banco de Chile, Scotiabank Chile and Itau Corpbanca, as each of these banks has also developed business strategies 
that focus on the middle to high-middle income segments of the Chilean population and small- and medium-sized corporate 
segment. Consumer lending in the Chilean banking system increased 7.27% in 2021, increased 12.43% in 2022, and increased 
2.4% in 2023, according to information published by the CMF. Our consumer lending increased 1.23% in 2021, increased 
3.08% in 2022 and decreased 10.4% in 2023. Commercial banks in Chile compete in the retail market with retail companies 
such as supermarkets and department stores that offer limited financial services like credit cards and consumer loans. The 
financial services provided by retail companies are regulated and overseen by the CMF. 
The following table sets forth certain statistics on the Chilean commercial banking system as of December 31, 2023: 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
Assets 
Net Loans(1) 
Deposits(2) 
Shareholders’ Equity 
 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Domestic private-sector 
bank ............................ 
341,503,547 
85.09% 
219,874,532 
86.21% 
161,200,916 
82.75% 
27,850,420 
87.37% 
Foreign-owned banks...... 
1,546,506 
0.39% 
298,419 
0.12% 
498,288 
0.26% 
670,304 
2.10% 
Private-sector total .......... 
343,050,053 
85.48% 
220,172,951 
86.33% 
161,699,204 
83.01% 
28,520,724 
89.47% 
Banco del Estado ............ 
58,305,301 
14.53% 
34,863,100 
13.67% 
33,110,295 
17.00% 
3,354,812 
10.52% 
Chilean banking system .. 
401,355,353 
100% 
255,036,051 
100% 
194,809,499 
100% 
31,875,536 
100.00% 
 
Source: CMF. 
(1) 
Includes loans and receivables to banks and provisions 
(2) 
Includes the investment of CorpBanca in Colombia and excludes our subsidiary City National Bank of Florida. 
Net Loans 
The following table sets forth the market shares in terms of net loans in the Chilean financial system (comprising all 
commercial banks) for the seven banks in Chile which are the largest in terms of total assets as of the dates indicated:

--- Page 113 ---
101 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Bci(1) ..................................................... 
41,622,874 
    18.66% 
47,016,241 
    19.15% 
50,146,844 
   19.66% 
Banco Santander Chile ......................... 
36,634,768 
     16.42% 
38,871,708 
     15.83% 
40,917,143 
     16.04% 
Banco de Chile ...................................... 
34,696,016 
     15.55% 
37,068,496 
      15.10% 
38,019,701 
      14.91% 
Scotiabank Chile ................................... 
28,960,854 
      12.98% 
33,176,960 
      13.51% 
32,131,568 
      12.60% 
Banco del Estado .................................. 
29,061,269 
      13.03% 
32,118,154 
      13.08% 
34,863,100 
      13.67% 
Itaú CorpBanca ..................................... 
24,871,442 
      11.15% 
26,758,033 
      10.90% 
27,636,258 
      10.84% 
Banco Bice ............................................ 
7,061,910 
        3.17% 
7,933,083 
        3.23% 
8,337,951 
        3.27% 
Total for seven banks ............................ 
202,909,133 
      90.96% 
222,942,675 
      90.80% 
232,052,565 
     90.99% 
Chilean banking system ........................ 
223,079,736 
100% 
245,494,826 
100% 
255,036,051 
100% 
 
Source: CMF. 
(1) 
The information includes City National Bank of Florida and Servicios Financieros. 
Total Assets 
The following table sets forth the total asset amounts and market shares for the seven banks in Chile which are the 
largest in terms of total assets as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Bci(1) ................................................ 
69,158,634 
19.13% 
78,049,118 
19.67% 
79,301,150 
19.76% 
Banco Santander Chile ........................  
63,671,025 
17.62% 
68,164,603 
17.18% 
70,857,886 
17.65% 
Banco del Estado .................................  
53,586,003 
14.83% 
57,090,786 
14.39% 
58,305,301 
14.53% 
Banco de Chile .....................................  
51,702,439 
14.30% 
55,255,362 
13.93% 
55,792,552 
13.90% 
Scotiabank Chile ..................................  
41,597,895 
11.51% 
46,460,625 
11.71% 
44,713,481 
11.14% 
Itaú CorpBanca ....................................  
37,823,050 
10.46% 
40,536,478 
10.22% 
41,996,220 
10.46% 
Banco Bice ...........................................  
9,992,454 
2.76% 
10,659,879 
2.69% 
11,234,181 
2.80% 
Total for seven banks ...........................  
327,531,500 
90.61% 
356,216,851 
89.79% 
362,200,771 
90.24% 
Chilean banking system .......................  
361,453,309 
100% 
396,716,471 
100% 
401,355,353 
100% 
 
Source: CMF. 
(1) 
The information includes City National Bank of Florida and Servicios Financieros. 
Risk Index 
The following table sets forth the risk index, calculated as allowances for loan losses as a percentage of total loans, 
for the seven banks in Chile which are the largest in terms of total assets and the financial system as a whole as of the dates 
indicated: 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Banco Bice ...................................................................  
1.67 
1.32 
1.25 
Scotiabank Chile ..........................................................  
1.54 
1.80 
2.20 
Bci(1) .............................................................................  
1.81 
1.87 
1.69 
Banco de Chile .............................................................  
2.07 
2.10 
2.02 
Banco Santander Chile .................................................  
2.62 
2.68 
2.83 
Banco del Estado ..........................................................  
3.04 
3.30 
3.67 
Itaú CorpBanca.............................................................  
3.21 
2.71 
2.99 
Chilean banking system ...............................................  
2.37 
2.46 
2.57 
 
Source: CMF. 
(1) 
The information includes City National Bank of Florida and Servicios Financieros.

--- Page 114 ---
102 
Asset Quality 
The following table sets forth the ratio of past due loans to total loans for the seven banks in Chile which are the 
largest in terms of total assets as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of December 31,(1) 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Banco Bice .................................................................. 
0.67 
0.83 
0.66 
Banco de Chile ............................................................ 
0.83 
1.06 
1.41 
Bci(2) ............................................................................ 
0.82 
1.16 
1.31 
Banco Santander Chile ................................................ 
1.23 
1.85 
2.26 
Scotiabank Chile ......................................................... 
0.95 
1.38 
2.16 
Itaú CorpBanca............................................................ 
1.87 
1.96 
2.29 
Banco del Estado ......................................................... 
1.97 
2.97 
3.98 
Chilean banking system .............................................. 
1.24 
1.68 
2.13 
 
Source: CMF. 
(1) 
According to the CMF, the asset quality ratio equals to past due loans divided by total loans. 
(2) 
The information includes City National Bank of Florida and Servicios Financieros. 
Deposits 
We had deposits (which is defined as current account and demand deposit plus term deposits and saving accounts in 
our consolidated financial statements) of Ch$42,252,569 million as of December 31, 2023. We were the first largest bank in 
terms of deposits, with 21.69% of the market for deposits. The following table sets forth the deposits market share for the 
seven banks in Chile which are the largest in terms of total assets as of the dates indicated: 
 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
Bci(1) ....................................................  
38,518,590 
21.31% 
42,368,130 
22.25% 
42,252,569 
21.69% 
Banco del Estado...................................  
32,278,607 
17.86% 
32,882,716 
17.27% 
33,110,295 
17.00% 
Banco de Chile......................................  
27,682,797 
15.32% 
27,540,373 
14.47% 
28,687,222 
14.73% 
Banco Santander Chile ...........................  
28,031,993 
15.51% 
27,065,015 
14.22% 
29,675,768 
15.23% 
Scotiabank Chile ...................................  
16,684,772 
9.23% 
19,048,847 
10.01% 
18,032,064 
9.26% 
Itaú CorpBanca .....................................  
17,673,538 
9.78% 
18,258,838 
9.59% 
19,791,306 
10.16% 
Banco Bice ...........................................  
5,284,413 
2.92% 
5,427,414 
2.85% 
6,002,835 
3.08% 
Total for seven banks .............................  
166,154,710 
91.93% 
172,591,333 
90.66% 
177,552,059 
91.15% 
Chilean banking system .........................  
180,746,605 
100.00% 
190,381,383 
100.00% 
194,809,499 
100.00% 
 
Source: CMF. 
(1) 
The information includes City National Bank of Florida and Servicios Financieros. 
 
Checking Accounts 
As of December 31, 2023, we had the second highest number of current accounts (checking accounts) among Chilean 
banks. The following table sets forth the number of checking accounts for the seven banks in Chile which are the largest in 
terms of total assets as of the dates indicated: 
 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
Banco Santander Chile .................... 
1,992,802 
28.86% 
2,421,869 
28.06% 
2,754,188 
24.98% 
Bci(1) ............................................... 
754,420 
10.93% 
860,524 
9.97% 
1,395,662 
12.66% 
Banco de Chile ................................ 
1,157,220 
16.76% 
1,264,865 
14.66% 
1,366,919 
12.40%

--- Page 115 ---
103 
Scotiabank Chile ............................. 
600,432 
8.70% 
734,732 
8.51% 
1,019,920 
9.25% 
Banco del Estado ............................ 
713,110 
10.33% 
728,027 
8.44% 
971,329 
8.81% 
Itaú CorpBanca(2) ............................ 
439,446 
6.37% 
524,055 
6.07% 
615,925 
5.59% 
Banco Bice ...................................... 
121,930 
1.77% 
136,316 
1.58% 
170,706 
1.55% 
Total for seven banks ...................... 
5,779,360 
83.72% 
6,670,388 
77.29% 
8,294,649 
75.23% 
Chilean banking system .................. 
6,904,028 
100% 
8,629,941 
100% 
11,025,483 
100% 
 
Source: CMF. 
(1) 
Information excludes City National Bank of Florida.  
 (2) Information excludes Itaú CorpBanca’s business in Colombia. 
Capital and Reserves 
As of December 31, 2023 we had Ch$4,842,789 million (US$5,521 million) in share capital and reserves. The 
following table sets forth the level of capital and reserves for the seven banks in Chile which are the largest in terms of total 
assets as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Bci(1) ..................................................  
3,862,410 
19.49% 
4,198,692 
20.83% 
4,842,789 
22.59% 
Banco Santander Chile ......................  
3,440,268 
17.36% 
3,706,473 
18.39% 
4,006,542 
18.69% 
Banco del Estado ...............................  
2,117,754 
10.68% 
2,752,068 
13.65% 
3,011,921 
14.05% 
Itaú CorpBanca ..................................  
3,159,004 
15.94% 
2,923,990 
14.51% 
2,923,990 
13.64% 
Banco de Chile ...................................  
3,122,437 
15.75% 
2,204,621 
10.94% 
2,204,621 
10.28% 
Scotiabank Chile ................................  
1,743,103 
8.79% 
1,749,826 
8.68% 
1,749,826 
8.16% 
Banco Bice .........................................  
38,064 
0.19% 
36,372 
0.18% 
36,372 
0.17% 
Total for seven banks .........................  
17,483,040 
88.20% 
17,572,042 
87.18% 
18,776,062 
87.58% 
Chilean banking system .....................  
19,822,136 
100% 
20,155,844 
100% 
21,435,332 
100% 
 
Source: CMF. 
(1) 
The information includes City National Bank of Florida and Servicios Financieros. 
 
Equity 
As of December 31, 2023, we were the first largest commercial bank in Chile in terms of equity.  As of December 
31, 2023, we had Ch$6,607,375 million (US$7,533 million) in equity. The following table sets forth the level of equity for 
the seven banks in Chile which are the largest in terms of total assets as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Bci(1) .........................................................  
4,501,476 
18.16% 
4,776,801 
16.90% 
6,067,375 
19.03% 
Banco de Chile ..........................................  
4,223,014 
17.04% 
4,858,328 
17.19% 
5,237,285 
16.43% 
Banco Santander Chile .............................  
3,494,580 
14.10% 
4,238,372 
15.00% 
4,491,893 
14.09% 
Itaú CorpBanca .........................................  
3,352,342 
13.52% 
3,322,759 
11.76% 
3,736,537 
11.72% 
Scotiabank Chile .......................................  
2,801,123 
11.30% 
3,187,318 
11.28% 
3,574,978 
11.22% 
Banco del Estado ......................................  
2,237,907 
9.03% 
2,958,494 
10.47% 
3,354,812 
10.52% 
Banco Bice ................................................  
646,697 
2.61% 
818,297 
2.90% 
912,750 
2.86% 
Total for seven banks ................................  
21,257,139 
85.76% 
24,160,368 
85.49% 
27,375,630 
85.87% 
Chilean banking system ............................  
24,786,934 
100.00% 
28,259,483 
100.00% 
31,875,536 
100.00% 
 
Source: CMF. 
(1) 
The information includes City National Bank of Florida and Servicios Financieros. 
Return on Equity 
The following table sets forth the return on equity for the seven banks in Chile for the dates indicated:

--- Page 116 ---
104 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Banco de Chile .......................................................................  
18.78% 
29.01% 
23.75% 
Banco del Estado(1) ................................................................  
16.87% 
24.07% 
18.87% 
Banco Bice .............................................................................  
16.26% 
21.12% 
17.36% 
Scotiabank Chile ....................................................................  
16.07% 
16.16% 
11.65% 
Banco Santander ....................................................................  
22.46% 
19.44% 
11.37% 
Bci(2) ......................................................................................  
11.56% 
17.19% 
11.25% 
ItaúCorpBanca .......................................................................  
8.32% 
13.05% 
9.50% 
Chilean banking system .........................................................  
15.44% 
19.45% 
14.33% 
 
Source: CMF. 
(1) 
This bank is subject to a different tax regime. 
(2) 
The information includes City National Bank of Florida and Servicios Financieros. 
Efficiency 
The table below sets forth the efficiency ratios (operating expenses to gross operating income) of the seven banks in 
Chile which are the largest in terms of total assets for the years indicated: 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Bci(1) ......................................................................................  
48.21% 
47.88% 
51.70% 
ItaúCorpBanca .......................................................................  
53.57% 
52.10% 
51.08% 
Banco Bice .............................................................................  
45.05% 
43.26% 
47.97% 
Banco Santander Chile ..........................................................  
39.43% 
42.81% 
46.64% 
Scotiabank Chile ....................................................................  
44.33% 
41.81% 
42.14% 
Banco del Estado ...................................................................  
50.62% 
34.67% 
38.38% 
Banco de Chile .......................................................................  
39.69% 
31.95% 
37.32% 
Average of seven banks .........................................................  
45.84% 
42.07% 
45.03% 
Chilean banking system .........................................................  
45.30% 
40.57% 
43.62% 
 
Source: CMF. 
(1) 
The information includes City National Bank of Florida and Servicios Financieros. 
Branch Networks 
As of December 31, 2023, we had the third largest branch network among Chilean banks with 188 branches. The 
following table sets forth the number of full service branch offices for the seven banks in Chile which are the largest in terms 
of total assets as of the dates indicated: 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
Banco del Estado ............................ 
400 
24.69% 
399 
26.94% 
406 
29.04% 
Banco de Chile ................................  
271 
16.73% 
263 
17.76% 
257 
18.38% 
Bci(1) ............................................... 
221 
13.64% 
199 
13.44% 
188 
13.45% 
Banco Santander Chile .................... 
270 
16.67% 
224 
15.12% 
181 
12.95% 
ItaúCorpBanca(2) ............................. 
136 
8.40% 
115 
7.77% 
100 
7.15% 
Scotiabank Chile ............................. 
129 
7.96% 
109 
7.36% 
105 
7.51% 
Banco Bice ...................................... 
23 
1.42% 
24 
1.62% 
24 
1.72% 
Chilean banking system .................. 
1,620 
100.00% 
1,481 
100.00% 
1,398 
100.00% 
 
Source: CMF. 
(1) The information presented by the CMF does not include all of our “points of contact,” some of which are not considered branches by the 
CMF. Points of contact include multiservice branches, cash agencies, point of sale branches, premier branches, private banking commercial 
platforms and automated branches. Information as of December 31, 2023 does not include City National Bank of Florida or Servicios 
Financieros. 
(2) Information excludes Itaú CorpBanca’s branches in Colombia.

--- Page 117 ---
105 
Credit Cards 
As of December 31, 2023, we had the fourth highest number of credit cards outstanding among Chilean banks, 
representing 12.15% of the Chilean banking system. The following table sets forth the number of credit cards for the seven 
banks in Chile which are the largest in terms of total assets as of the dates indicated: 
 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
Scotiabank Chile ............................. 
2,605,172 
18.56% 
2,573,606 
17.90% 
2,401,033 
17.82% 
Banco Santander Chile .................... 
1,769,875 
12.61% 
1,879,903 
13.07% 
1,787,371 
13.27% 
Banco de Chile ................................ 
1,471,584 
10.48% 
1,609,994 
11.20% 
1,706,835 
12.67% 
Bci(1) ............................................... 
2,010,126 
14.32% 
1,926,407 
13.40% 
1,636,505 
12.15% 
Banco del Estado ............................ 
720,661 
5.13% 
745,214 
5.18% 
766,809 
5.69% 
ItaúCorpBanca(2) ............................. 
279,326 
1.99% 
320,623 
2.23% 
392,526 
2.91% 
Banco Bice ...................................... 
57,925 
0.41% 
59,388 
0.41% 
61,309 
0.46% 
Total for seven banks ...................... 
8,914,669 
63.50% 
9,115,135 
63.39% 
8,752,388 
64.97% 
Chilean banking system .................. 
14,035,574 
100.00% 
14,379,011 
100.00% 
13,472,199 
100.00% 
 
Source: CMF. 
(1) 
Information excludes City National Bank of Florida. 
(2) 
Information excludes CorpBanca’s business in Colombia. 
Consolidated profit for the year ended 
We have the second highest consolidated profit among Chilean banks for the year ended December 31, 2023. For 
the year ended December 31, 2023, our consolidated profit for the year was Ch$682,571 million (US$778 million). The 
following table sets forth the amounts of consolidated profit for the year and the corresponding market shares for the seven 
Chilean banks which are the largest in terms of total assets for the years indicated: 
 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
Amount 
Share 
Banco de Chile ............................................  
792,923 
20.72% 
1,409,435 
25.64% 
1,243,635 
27.23% 
Bci(1) ............................................................  
520,545 
13.60% 
821,024 
14.94% 
682,571 
14.95% 
Banco del Estado .........................................  
377,458 
9.86% 
712,129 
12.95% 
632,980 
13.86% 
Banco Santander Chile ................................  
784,920 
20.51% 
823,857 
14.99% 
510,814 
11.18% 
Scotiabank Chile ..........................................  
450,162 
11.76% 
515,056 
9.37% 
416,565 
9.12% 
ItaúCorpBanca .............................................  
278,810 
7.29% 
433,785 
7.89% 
354,883 
7.77% 
Banco Bice ..................................................  
105,140 
2.75% 
172,864 
3.14% 
158,461 
3.47% 
Total for seven banks ...................................  
3,309,958 
86.50% 
4,888,150 
88.92% 
3,999,909 
87.58% 
Chilean banking system ...............................  
3,826,709 
100.00% 
5,497,133 
100.00% 
4,567,144 
100.00% 
 
Source: CMF. 
(1) 
Information includes City National Bank of Florida and Servicios Financieros.

--- Page 118 ---
106 
BUSINESS 
Overview 
We are the largest commercial bank in Chile in terms of total net loans, deposits and assets, according to information 
published and calculated by the CMF. Our market share of total net loans, deposits and total assets, in the Chilean banking 
system was 19.66%, 21.69% and 19.76% respectively, as of December 31, 2023, in each case according to the CMF and 
taking into consideration Itaú CorpBanca’s investment in Colombia and our acquisition of City National Bank of Florida and 
the subsequent mergers effected in connection therewith. Our risk index, calculated as allowances for loan losses as a 
percentage of our total loans (excluding loans and receivables from banks), was 1.71%, as of December 31, 2023, compared 
to a weighted average of 2.57% for the Chilean banking system as a whole on such date, according to the CMF.  
We combine what we believe are a full service banking platform and a solid franchise with a growing international 
presence, particularly in the U.S., where as part of our international expansion strategy, (i) in October 2015, we acquired 
100% of BCI Financial Group, Inc., formerly known as CM Florida Holdings, Inc., a registered U.S. bank holding company 
that owns 99.9% of City National Bank of Florida, (ii) in June 2018, we acquired TotalBank, and (iii) in October 2020, City 
National Bank of Florida acquired Executive National Bank. See “–City National Bank of Florida.” In addition, we offer 
international banking services through our branch in Miami, our representative offices in Lima, São Paulo, Mexico City, 
Bogotá and Shanghai, and a worldwide network of correspondent banks.  
In addition to traditional banking products such as lending and deposit taking, our banking services for our 
approximately 130,591 active commercial checking account customers (not including individual clients in the retail segment) 
include working capital financing, lines of credit, foreign trade financing, mortgage loans, foreign exchange and non-credit 
services such as cash management, payroll and payment services, and a wide range of treasury and risk management products. 
We provide our approximately 840,686 active retail checking account customers with deposit services such as 
checking and savings accounts and also offer residential mortgage and consumer loans, lines of credit, credit cards and 
diversified products such as mutual funds, stock brokerage services, financial advisory services, insurance brokerage, and 
private and public investment fund management services. We serve our retail customers through a nationwide network of 
points of contact, which include 186 multiservice branches, cash agencies, point of sale branches, private banking commercial 
platforms and automated branches, and 547 ATMs. We have made significant investments in alternate distribution channels, 
including online banking, telephonic banking and other electronic financial services, to facilitate implementation of our 
market segmentation strategy and strengthen our competitive position in electronic payment transfers. 
In December 2018, we acquired Walmart Chile Servicios Financieros, which became our fifth reporting segment.  
This reporting segment includes the results of operations of four entities forming Walmart Chile Servicios Financieros.  These 
four entities that constituted the financial services division of Walmart Chile provide financing for its customers with the 
Líder MasterCard and Presto credit cards, along with other products. The Servicios Financieros reporting segment operates 
as an independent unit under the supervision of our senior management in Chile. Servicios Financieros, the name under which 
the four entities operate, continues to market the financial products and services offered before by Walmart Chile, which 
include the issue and operation of Líder Bci MasterCard, along with the origination of cash advances, super cash advances 
and personal insurance, among others.  This business is undertaken as a ten-year commercial cooperation agreement between 
Bci and Walmart, a leading global company in the retail sector.  We believe Servicios Financieros enables Bci to bolster its 
position among the credit card market leaders, enhance the development of products and services and generate value with the 
complementary capacities of two partners that are leaders in their respective industries.  This acquisition is part of our strategy 
to continuously seek growth opportunities in Chile and abroad and consistent with our goal of becoming a major player in 
the credit card industry in Chile.  This acquisition helped us grow our credit card market share 1.7 times as of December 
2018, compared to the 7.9% as of November, right before the acquisition (both figures exclude City National Bank of Florida 
and Executive National Bank), as Servicios Financieros allows us to reach approximately 1.5 million credit card customers 
through digital channels. 
We have been present in Peru for 20 years through a representative office. In 2022, we obtained the required 
authorizations from the SBS to operate our new subsidiary in Peru, BCI Peru. With an initial capital of US$60 million, we 
expect that this subsidiary will allow us to be a relevant player in the region focusing on corporate clients and large companies 
for Peruvian and Chilean customers. Our objective through our operations in Peru is to increase our presence in the Peruvian 
market and continue to strengthen our financial solutions platform in three countries, along with Chile and the United States, 
which will act as a single bank throughout Latin America and North America. This will allow us to be an increasingly relevant 
player at the regional level. Along with this new venture, we will continue to focus on our growth in Florida, a gateway for 
investments to and from Latin America, in addition to continue to analyze new growth opportunities in the region.

--- Page 119 ---
107 
On December 31, 2023, shareholders related to the Yarur family held 63.57% of our issued and outstanding 
shares.  Such shareholders are parties to a shareholders’ agreement dated October 7, 2015, last amended as of September 29, 
2023, pursuant to which they agree to vote their shares as a group.  In addition, they reiterated their intention to preserve the 
principles upon which the management of the institution has been based. 
Bci’s subsidiary group includes BCI Financial Group Inc., BCI Miami Branch, BCI Peru, BCI Asesoría Financiera 
S.A., BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos S.A., BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A., BCI Corredores de 
Seguros S.A., BCI Factoring S.A., BCI Securitizadora S.A., BCI Securities Inc., BCI Corredores de Bolsa de Productos S.A, 
Servicio de Normalización y Cobranza Normaliza S.A. and the four entities that comprise Servicios Financieros (as defined 
in this Prospectus).    
The following table represents the entities over which the Bank exercises control and therefore are included in the 
consolidation:  
 
Participation 
 
Direct 
Indirect 
 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
 
% 
% 
% 
% 
BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos S.A. .......... 
99.90 
99.90 
0.10 
0.10 
BCI Asesoría Financiera S.A. .................................................................. 
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A. ..................................................................... 
99.95 
99.95 
0.05 
0.05 
BCI Corredores de Seguros S.A. .............................................................. 
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
BCI Factoring S.A.................................................................................... 
99.97 
99.97 
0.03 
0.03 
BCI Securitizadora S.A. ........................................................................... 
99.90 
99.90 
— 
— 
Banco de Credito e Inversiones Sucursal Miami ..................................... 
100.00 
100.00 
— 
— 
Servicio de Normalización y Cobranza, Normaliza S.A. ......................... 
99.90 
99.90 
0.10 
0.10 
BCI Securities Inc. ................................................................................... 
99.90 
99.90 
0.10 
0.10 
BCI Corredores de Bolsa de Productos S.A. ............................................ 
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
BCI Financial Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries ............................................. 
100.00 
100.00 
— 
— 
Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales S.A. .. 
99.98 
99.98 
0.02 
0.02 
Administradora de Tarjetas Servicios Financieros Limitada. .................. 
99.99 
99.99 
0.01 
0.01 
SSFF Corredores de Seguros y Gestión Financiera Limitada. ................. 
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
Servicios y Cobranzas SEYCO Limitada. ................................................ 
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
Bci Peru S.A. ............................................................................................ 
99.99 
99.99 
— 
— 
 
On December 31, 2023 we had a total equity of Ch$6,067,376 million and for the year ended December 31, 2023, 
we had a consolidated profit for the period of Ch$682,571 million. 
 
On December 31, 2023, we had a regulatory capital ratio of 14.42% (including Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital), computed 
in accordance with guidelines of the CMF. 
 
We are registered and headquartered in Santiago, Chile and had 11,423 employees worldwide as of December 31, 
2023. We are a public company in Chile whose common shares are listed on the Santiago Stock Exchange (Bolsa de Comercio 
de Santiago).  
City National Bank of Florida 
As part of our international expansion strategy, in October 2015 we acquired 100% of BCI Financial Group, Inc., 
formerly known as CM Florida Holdings, Inc., a U.S. bank holding company which owns 99.9% of City National Bank of 
Florida, for a purchase price of US$947 million.  Established in 1946 and headquartered in Miami, Florida, City National 
Bank of Florida is a local commercial bank focused on mid-sized (middle market) and small companies, real estate business 
and high net worth and affluent clients, particularly professionals and company owners. City National Bank of Florida offers 
financial products, including real estate, commercial and consumer banking, to approximately 60,725 clients through 32 
banking centers strategically located in four counties in Florida. As part of the portfolio of related financial products and 
services offered, we also began to provide lease financing services in 2016.  In order to provide a comprehensive service to 
our clients, in July 2017 we invested in a lease subsidiary, City National Capital Finance (“CNCF”).  CNCF is 100% owned 
by CNB, and provides equipment loans and leasing services.

--- Page 120 ---
108 
To further diversify our income stream and businesses, in June 2018, City National Bank of Florida acquired and 
absorbed (by way of merger by incorporation) TotalBank, an integrated retail-commercial bank in South Florida, which 
offered a comprehensive range of traditional banking products and services for businesses and individuals. TotalBank focused 
on relationship-driven business model organized in several business segments including Banking Centers, Corporate Lending 
and International Personal Banking.   
In October 2020, City National Bank acquired 100% of the outstanding shares of Executive National Bank, a Florida 
commercial bank, for approximately US$62 million. The primary objective of the purchase was to increase the Bank’s market 
share in its core market and achieve synergies through the operating expenses of the combined operations. 
City National Bank of Florida, the main BCI Financial Group, Inc. subsidiary, reached US$26.1 billion in assets by 
the end of 2023, becoming one of the largest financial institutions based in the state of Florida. 
On December 31, 2023, (i) 78.1% of City National Bank of Florida’s loans had mortgage collateral, 19.5% were 
commercial and industrial, 1.8% were financial leases and 0.6% were consumer loans, and (ii) City National Bank of Florida 
had deposits and borrowings of US$23.4 billion (US$21 billion in deposits) and shareholders’ equity of US$2.4 billion in 
accordance with U.S. GAAP and a risk based Tier 1 regulatory capital ratio of 9.9%, computed in accordance with guidelines 
promulgated by the FDIC, the OCC and the Federal Reserve, each in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  For the years ended 
December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, City National Bank of Florida had consolidated net income of US$243.0 million, 
US$273.1 million and US$163.6 million, respectively, in accordance with U.S. GAAP.  
We believe that the market for banking services in Florida offers attractive prospects for growth due to its favorable 
characteristics, such as a large depositary base. We also believe that the following factors distinguish City National Bank 
from its competitors: (i) it operates in a state with affluent individuals and sizable businesses relocating from the Northeast 
and other parts of the United States to Florida, (ii) it has been named one of American Bankers “Best Banks to Work For” 
for four out of the last six years, including the last two years, (iii)  it continues to invest in technology and its digital 
transformation initiative and continues to build upon its recent digital investments that enabled many of its key 
accomplishments during the recent year, (iv) there is ample opportunity in expanding its presence in Central Florida in 
addition to capitalizing on more opportunities in the Palm Beach and Fort Lauderdale markets that are close to its Miami 
headquarters, and (v) it has a strong brand in Florida that has been developed and earned since it first started operating in 
Miami over 75 years ago.  
Through City National Bank of Florida, we increased our international revenues by combining our experience and 
capabilities in Chile with an established and scalable banking platform that is managed by an experienced management team 
in the strategic Florida market, where we have operated an international branch for over 21 years.  However, we cannot assure 
you that we will be able to realize all of the anticipated benefits that we seek.  
Corporate Strategy 
Our ultimate goals are to be the best bank for our national and international stakeholders, increase the positive impact 
of our direct and indirect operations on social, environmental, and economic aspects, and become the best place to work and 
the “Brand of choice” for our customers within the digital financial ecosystems. We intend to pursue these objectives through 
the following strategic pillars: 
 
Our commitment to develop a personalized customer experience through digital innovation and responsibility 
in the use of data.   
 
Bci has a culture based on innovation and the generation of value for our stakeholders through technology. In this 
context, we have been leaders in the innovation and digitization of products and services for decades. 
 
We differentiate ourselves from our competitors because of our customer-driven philosophy rather than product-
driven approach, which leads us to offer a high-impact level of experience combined with a world-class customer 
experience. We value loyal customers that are a source of stable, recurring revenues, and we seek to establish long-
term relationships by providing all the banking and financial products that the law allows us and adapted to our 
customers specific needs, coupled with high-quality service. We seek to further enhance our customers experience 
by:

--- Page 121 ---
109 
1. Focusing on and investing in digital innovation and responsible data-driven decision-making, particularly 
in our retail and SMEs operating segments, using new technologies and data analytics (such as software for 
credit scoring and fraud detection) to achieve better insights and expand the digitalization of our customers’ 
multi-channel experience that we strive to make as seamless as possible. In 2023, we opened 180,000 new 
digital accounts for individuals and SMEs which demonstrates our active efforts in this field. Furthermore, 
we continued to prioritize digitization and data-driven decision making using security systems. We are 
committed to fostering financial inclusion through the introduction of new digital accounts to enable 
individuals and SMEs to join the financial mainstream and benefit from the emerging digital economy.  
2. Combining our diversified, full-service model with our capacity to adapt to customer needs and our local 
and international experience to provide superior service and deepen our relationship with our corporate and 
investment banking clients. In 2023, we continued to integrate our comprehensive service model with our 
ability to adapt to client requirements mainly through the launch of new retail banking services.  
3. Expanding our client coverage and enhancing our payments and cash management services through state-
of-the-art technology by offering new services. We enhanced the capabilities of “Bci Pagos” and reinforced 
our dedication to provide increasingly efficient and innovative financial services. In 2023, we constructed 
the largest digital payment ecosystem in Chile, aggregating nearly 6 million clients by merging our 
customer base with the customer bases of the “MACH” mobile app and Servicios Financieros. Also, in 
2023 more than 570,000 clients made payments using QR codes at affiliated businesses through “MACH” 
or our own platforms.  
4. Implementing our strong commitment to mobile banking, focusing on the development of mobile services 
to improve our customer experience. The service development through our apps has been successful, 
resulting in a 95% satisfaction rate among personal banking users and a 90% satisfaction rate among SME 
banking users. These results demonstrate our dedication to mobile banking and our ability to provide high 
quality, customer-oriented services that meet the needs of our diverse customer base. 
5. Responding to the evolving needs of our customers. We continue to innovate our businesses. In this regard, 
by joining the Net Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA) in July 2023, we demonstrate our commitment to address 
current challenges, directing financing and investments towards green technologies.   
 
We believe that our focus on digital innovation will also continue to help us improve our operating efficiency 
and further our goal of financial inclusion. Examples of our pioneering efforts in digital innovation include our 
online checking accounts, our 100% digital approval process for mortgage loans for new properties (the first 
bank in Chile to offer such service), and our person-to-person digital service “MACH” mobile app, which was 
launched in 2017 to improve financial inclusion and had more than 4 million accounts as of December 31, 2023. 
“MACH” experienced an 8.6% increase in customer base from 2022 to 2023, continuing its positive trend and 
reaffirming its commitment to financial accessibility. 
During 2023, we continued to progress in our digital transformation and to enhance our omnichannel experience 
due to the development of new capabilities and the growth of those already enabled. The different initiatives in 
the digital world and remote channels achieved promising figures as of December 2023. More than 77% of sales 
and 92% of transactions were made through remote channels. In the SMEs segment, 74% of sales and 86% of 
transactions were made through remote channels.  
Our focus on customer experience has been widely recognized in 2023. We are proud to have been named the 
Best Chilean Bank in Digital Channels for individuals and companies by Global Finance. Additionally, 
BciPlus+ program has been awarded the Best Benefits Program at the 2023 Chócale Awards. In the realm of 
asset management, Bci Asset Management was honored as the Best Fixed Income International Mutual Funds 
Administrator in the El Mercurio Inversiones Ranking. Furthermore, at the 2023 Salmón Awards by Diario 
Financiero and LVA Índices, our Asset Management was awarded the first place in the emerging equity category 
for mutual funds, and in the national debt in UF category for APV funds.  
A culture that seeks to promote and enhance leadership, collaboration and innovation. We seek to promote 
a culture of leadership and collaboration through a set of best practices focusing on our customers and 
disciplined execution. In addition, we focus on creating an environment that fosters innovation over marginal 
improvement through our award-based innovation framework. In 2023, we obtained the Financial Innovators 
Award, with gold distinction in the category of workplace culture in Chile at Fintech Americas. In the last four 
years, we have obtained the Most Innovative Bank award from ESE business school. Furthermore, because we 
believe that employee talent, motivation, and satisfaction are crucial to our business and success, we strive to 
attract the best talent, promote their embrace of our core cultural values and keep our high employee satisfaction 
levels.

--- Page 122 ---
110 
 
We were also recognized as the best employer for young professionals by Employers for Youth and were 
awarded the Top Employer Seal, an international certification recognizing our best practices in people 
management, bestowed by the Top Employer Institute. Additionally, we secured the first place in the “Happiest 
Workplace in Chile 2023” in the large companies category, a ranking conducted by Building Happiness by 
BUK. Lastly, our dedication has been further acknowledged by securing a place in the Best Workplaces 2023 
Chile list. We intend to continue to concentrate on the development of talented and motivated employees who 
are committed to our mission and institutional values of leadership, collaboration, and innovation. 
 
With the main objective of deepening the culture of innovation and technological development, we have adopted 
agile methodologies for our digital actions, closing the year 2023 with 160 agile teams, representing a growth 
of 29% from 2022. 
 
Based on all our initiatives, our internal metric that evaluates the level of employee engagement has a long-term 
goal of 88%, achieving better employee engagement scores over the last four years, culminating in a 93% rating 
for 2023. 
 
 
 
We pursue sustainable growth and profitability while maintaining our focus on conservative risk and capital 
management.  We seek persistent and sustainable growth and profitability by: 
1. Expanding penetration of our market segments and increasing cross-selling of our products and services 
with a particular focus on customer-targeted offerings; 
2. Continuing to strengthen our capital position to support sustainable growth, achieve and maintain a tier 1 
capital ratio with sufficient margin relative to regulatory limits; 
3. Seeking to optimize our technology infrastructure to reduce costs and create value for our customers 
through more straightforward and flexible processes and develop greater in-source capabilities; and 
4. Developing traditional and non-traditional analytics for an adequate, precise, and responsible evaluation 
of the credit risk of current and new clients. 
 
Furthermore, we intend to pursue growth and profitability while focusing on a conservative and holistic view 
of credit, operational, financial, and reputational risk management.  
 
Our dedicated risk management team focuses on monitoring risks across all areas of our business, and we have 
implemented an algorithmic model to monitor and manage our exposure to market risk. In 2023, we decided to 
continue its slack regarding the regulatory minimums established for capital. We have constituted additional 
provisions for approximately US$485 million and US$429 million during 2022 and 2023, respectively, reaching 
a total of US$429 million at the end of 2023 to that end. 
 
Our digital ecosystem has been made available to more than 5 million customers, with the goal of reaching 10 
million customers by 2026. We have also been pioneers in the creation of the first open loyalty program, 
BciPlus+, a program based on a cashback model, in which any business can join online to the program and offer 
their products. 
 
 
Commitment to progress and impact on ESG strategy. We have a solid commitment to the communities in 
which we operate. This stems from our corporate purpose, “We dare to make a difference,” which inspires us 
to promote a more inclusive and equitable society through accessible financial solutions, responsible 
investments, and transparency. We are committed to accompanying our clients in their transition towards a more 
sustainable future and generating social and environmental impact from our core business to increase and sustain 
profitability. 
 
In 2022, the Sustainability Center of Excellence and Innovation (the “CoE”), which is an award-winning 
organization in sustainability, began its activities as an accelerator and enabler of Bci’s ESG strategy. The CoE 
promotes triple impact throughout our commercial and non-commercial activities, and has the mission of 
creating, deploying and transferring the sustainability strategic capability to our organization in order to generate 
sustainable social, environmental, and economic impact on our core business. Our Sustainability strategy is at 
the highest level of our business strategy, which is measured by our corporate Sustainability Index, a compound 
of key result impact indicators integrated into our balanced scorecard for our entire organization. We adhere to

--- Page 123 ---
111 
the following international sustainability standards: Global Compact’s Principles for Responsible Banking, Net 
Zero Banking Alliance, TCFD, PRI, MSCI ESG Rating and Dow Jones Sustainability Indices, among others. 
 
In 2023, we measured the greenhouse gas emissions associated with our Wholesale & Investment Banking, 
Retail SME Banking, Bci Asset Manager and Stockbroker. This measurement was made by applying the Global 
GHG Accounting and Reporting Standard for the Financial Industry, which was developed by the Alliance for 
Carbon Accounting in the Financial Industry (PCAF). Calculating our financed  and facilitated emissions will 
help us set and achieve net zero goals in the transition towards a low carbon economy. 
 
Pursuing our international strategy. We expect to continue to evaluate and selectively pursue growth 
opportunities outside Chile that complement our existing operations. This strategy is focused on: 
1. Generating new sources of revenue; 
2. Geographic diversification, which allows us to diversify risk as well as provide existing clients with 
regional solutions and access to new markets; and 
3. Enhancing our pre-existing regional platform. 
 
After acquiring TotalBank in 2018 and Executive National Bank in 2020 through our subsidiary City National 
Bank of Florida, we currently have approximately 36% of our assets outside of Chile. All of this supports us in 
being part of the 100 largest commercial banks in the United States, a country whose industry comprises more 
than 4,100 commercial banks. We expect CNB to continue consolidating to become the first largest Florida-
based bank. We believe that the Florida market offers attractive prospects for growth outside of Chile as it is 
the fourth largest state in the United States in terms of GDP (according to the U.S. Bureau of Economic Activity) 
and financial assets (deposits) (according to the FDIC), as well as the third largest in terms of population, 
according to the U.S. Census Bureau. The state of Florida has favorable demographics with a strong population 
and personal income growth. In addition, it has an attractive and fragmented banking system, which offers 
organic and inorganic growth opportunities. Florida has a deep-rooted cultural and economic connection with 
Latin America, as evidenced by the high trade and investment flow to and from the region.  
 
We have benefited from City National Bank of Florida's established banking platform to drive growth in this 
strategic market and to continue its focus primarily on its core segments, which include mid-sized (middle 
market) and small companies, real estate business, and high net worth individuals, by offering a wide range of 
credit and non-credit products and services to our corporate and retail customers. In addition, we have integrated 
non-banking financial products, such as factoring, financial leasing, insurance brokerage, securitization, 
investment funds management, and securities brokerage services, to maximize the value represented by our 
branch network and other distribution channels. 
 
In 2023, Bci Peru concluded its first year of operations with a loan portfolio equivalent to US$1 billion. With a 
robust technological architecture and 64 employees, BCI Peru began its operations on July 15, 2022 after having 
a representation office in that country for more than 20 years. In the first stage, BCI Peru will focus on the 
corporate segment, helping Peruvian companies, and Chilean companies with subsidiaries in Peru, through a 
business model that considers a growing offer of banking services. We expect that this subsidiary will allow us 
to be a relevant player in the region and to offer a three-country platform - along with Chile and the United 
States - that will act as a single bank throughout Latin America and North America.  
 
Solid capital adequacy indicators. One of the highlights of our financial performance is the notable 
improvement in our capital ratios. In 2023, our capital adequacy ratio was 14.4%, which represents an increase 
of 147 basis points from 2022, and our common equity tier 1 was 11.1%, which represents an increase of 168 
basis points from 2022. We abide by the legal and regulatory requirements of the Chilean General Banking Law 
and the Chilean Norm of General Application, which mandates a minimum of 6% of risk-weighted assets for 
level 1 capital. We successfully increased our capital by US$665 million in October 2023. In addition, in 2024 
we became the first Chilean bank to issue a perpetual bond in a principal amount of US$500 million, which is 
characterized as Additional Tier 1 capital (AT1). As a result of these milestones, we continued to solidify our 
robust standing capital and risk management, aiming to back up our strategy for local and international growth 
whilst maintaining compliance with Basilea’s III standards.

--- Page 124 ---
112 
Corporate Information 
We are a corporation incorporated on May 7, 1937 under the law of Chile and listed with the Santiago Stock 
Exchange.  Our principal executive offices are located at Avenida El Golf 125, Las Condes, Santiago, Chile, and our telephone 
number is +5622 692-7000. Our website is www.bci.cl. Any information contained or accessible through our website is not 
part of this Prospectus. 
Selected Consolidated Financial Information 
The following tables present selected consolidated financial information as of and for the years indicated, in each 
case in accordance with Chilean GAAP. This information should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety 
by reference to, our audited consolidated financial statements, and the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” appearing elsewhere in this Prospectus.  
The selected consolidated financial information as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 
has been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Chilean GAAP differs in certain significant respects from IFRS. See “Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information.” We have included a description of certain significant differences between Chilean GAAP and IFRS as applied 
to us in “Annex A—Significant Differences Between Chilean GAAP and IFRS.”

--- Page 125 ---
113 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$)(1) 
(in millions of Ch$)(1) 
(in millions of Ch$)(1) 
(in millions of US$)(2) 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
DATA 
 
 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Cash and bank deposits ............................................................................  
3,960,498 
4,256,396 
3,619,715  
4,139  
Transactions in the course of collection(3) ................................................  
350,072 
404,209 
475,440  
544  
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss .........  
6,066,335 
7,680,615 
7,088,697  
8,106  
Financial derivative contracts ..............................................................  
5,192,467 
6,770,653 
6,000,937  
6,862  
Debt Financial Instruments ..................................................................  
717,058 
770,101 
974,506  
1,114  
Other ...................................................................................................  
156,810 
139,861 
113,254  
130  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit or loss ...............................................................................  
— 
71,282 
58,963  
67  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss ..................................  
— 
— 
— 
—  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income .........  
10,813,647 
10,477,361 
8,991,137  
10,281  
Debt Financial Instruments ..................................................................  
10,813,647 
10,477,361 
8,991,137  
10,281  
Other ...................................................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
—-  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
1,589,058 
1,788,851 
1,999,433  
2,286  
Financial assets at amortized costs ...........................................................  
43,730,731 
49,830,891 
53,769,837  
61,486  
Rights for reverse repurchase agreements and securities lending .........  
186,753 
182,061 
207,114  
237  
Debt Securities ....................................................................................  
2,296,066 
3,581,998 
4,322,383  
4,943  
Loans and advances to banks(4) ............................................................  
639,533 
767,700 
680,190  
778  
Loans and receivables from customers - Commercial 
26,686,186 
29,276,944 
31,940,712  
36,525  
Loans and receivables from customers - Mortgage 
10,699,056 
12,809,381 
13,740,355  
15,712  
Loans and receivables from customers - Consume 
3,223,137 
3,212,807 
2,879,083  
3,292  
Investment in companies .........................................................................  
115,414 
175,736 
163,136  
187  
Intangible assets.......................................................................................  
440,958 
411,009 
446,546  
511  
Property and equipment ...........................................................................  
252,734 
249,105 
253,614  
290  
Right-of-use assets ...................................................................................  
189,026 
152,886 
143,886  
165  
Current tax assets .....................................................................................  
19,572 
138,066 
159,318  
182  
Deferred tax assets ...................................................................................  
253,552 
482,714 
492,461  
563  
Other assets .............................................................................................  
1,319,963 
1,895,064 
1,592,985  
1,822  
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale ...............................  
45,718 
34,934 
45,985  
53  
Total assets .........................................................................................  
69,147,278 
78,049,119 
79,301,153  
90,682  
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Transactions in the course of payment (3) .................................................  
258,686 
330,138 
429,959  
492 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss ....  
5,094,231 
6,584,736 
5,625,481  
6,433 
Financial derivative contracts ..............................................................  
5,094,231 
6,584,736 
5,625,481  
6,433 
Other ...................................................................................................  
— 
— 
-  
- 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss ...........  
— 
— 
-  
- 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
1,492,815 
2,590,468 
2,535,841  
2,900 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost .......................................................  
54,086,905 
59,760,444 
59,937,499  
68,539 
Deposits and other on-demand liabilities .............................................  
27,653,442 
24,122,165 
23,810,298  
27,227 
Deposits and other term deposits .........................................................  
10,865,149 
18,245,965 
18,442,271  
21,089 
Liabilities for repurchase agreements and securities lending ...............  
141,178 
384,883 
706,623  
808 
Bank borrowings .................................................................................  
6,970,837 
6,661,071 
7,125,985  
8,149 
Debt financial instruments issued ........................................................  
7,428,196 
8,107,260 
8,112,510  
9,277 
Other financial liabilities .....................................................................  
1,028,103 
2,239,100 
1,739,812  
1,989 
Lease liabilities ........................................................................................  
173,726 
136,448 
129,349  
148 
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued .......................................  
1,332,936 
1,499,299 
1,551,291  
1,774 
Provisions for contingencies ....................................................................  
138,611 
227,716 
199,775  
228 
Provisions for dividends, payment of interests and revaluation of 
regulatory capital financial instruments ...................................................  
156,117 
246,247 
204,740  
234 
Special provisions for credit loss .............................................................  
412,065 
491,055 
452,398  
517 
Current taxes ...........................................................................................  
141,535 
17,493 
33,659  
38 
Deferred taxes..........................................................................................  
926 
1,612 
2,106  
2 
Other liabilities ........................................................................................  
1,364,510 
1,386,662 
2,131,679  
2,438 
Liabilities included in disposal groups held for sale .................................  
— 
— 
-  
- 
Total liabilities ...................................................................................  
64,653,063 
73,272,318 
73,233,777  
83,744 
Equity 
 
 
 
 
Share capital ............................................................................................  
3,862,386 
4,225,332 
5,383,715  
6,156  
Reserves ..................................................................................................  
(23,100) 
(26,640) 
-  
-  
Accumulated other comprehensive income ..............................................  
289,255 
2,211 
204,352  
234  
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss ...............................  
— 
(182) 
395  
-  
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss .....................................  
289,255 
2,393 
203,957  
233  
Retained earnings from prior years ......................................................  
— 
— 
-  
-  
Profit for the year .....................................................................................  
520,391 
820,822 
682,468  
780  
Less: Provisions for dividends, payment of interests and revaluation of 
regulatory capital financial instruments issued .........................................  
(156,117) 
(246,247) 
(204,740) 
(234) 
Owners of the bank ..................................................................................  
4,492,815 
4,775,478 
6,065,795  
6,936  
Non-controlling interests .........................................................................  
1,400 
1,323 
1,581  
2  
Total equity ........................................................................................  
4,494,215 
4,776,801 
6,067,376  
6,938  
Total liabilities and equity .................................................................  
69,147,278 
78,049,119 
79,301,153 
90,682

--- Page 126 ---
114 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$)(1) 
(in millions of Ch$)(1) 
(in millions of Ch$)(1) 
(in millions of US$)(2) 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME DATA 
 
 
 
 
Interest income ........................................................................................  
1,709,828 
2,903,692 
4,102,634  
4,691  
Interest expenses ......................................................................................  
(349,599) 
(1,343,274 
(2,539,336) 
(2,904) 
Net interest income ........................................................................  
1,360,229 
1,560,418 
1,563,298  
1,788  
Inflation-indexation income .....................................................................  
655,232 
1,476,901 
884,492  
1,011  
Inflation-indexation expenses ..................................................................  
(315,057) 
(727,603) 
(426,479) 
(488) 
Net inflation-indexation income ....................................................  
340,175 
749,298 
458,013  
524  
Fee income ..........................................................................................  
483,505 
508,328 
512,405  
586  
Fee expense .........................................................................................  
(127,875) 
(141,417) 
(171,600) 
(196) 
Net fee income ................................................................................  
355,630 
366,911 
340,805  
390  
Finance income for: .................................................................................  
 
 
 
 
Financial assets and liabilities held for trading .........................................  
135,809 
23,774 
247,786 
283 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through 
profit or loss .........................................................................................  
— 
(24,090) 
(13,750) 
(16) 
Financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through  
profit or loss .........................................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
Income arising from derecognition of financial assets and  
liabilities measured at amortized cost and financial assets  
measured at fair value through other comprehensive income ...............  
— 
8,399 
(12,105) 
(14) 
Foreign currency changes, inflation-indexation, 
and hedge accounting ...........................................................................  
(85,472) 
(56,135) 
(141,510) 
(162) 
Reclassifications of financial assets due to change 
in business model 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Other finance income ...............................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
Net finance income .........................................................................  
50,337 
(48,052) 
80,421 
92 
Income from investments in companies ...................................................  
2,290 
7,404 
16,018  
18  
Income from non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale not 
admissible as discontinued operations ..................................................  
11,637 
9,702 
10,232  
12  
Other operating income ............................................................................  
36,759 
53,406 
51,542  
59  
Total Operating Income ................................................................  
2,157,057 
2,699,087 
2,520,329  
2,882  
Expenses for employee benefit obligations ..............................................  
(540,053) 
(638,989) 
(665,866) 
(761) 
Administrative expenses ..........................................................................  
(333,896) 
(422,520) 
(498,105) 
(570) 
Depreciation and amortization .................................................................  
(106,931) 
(113,643) 
(113,016) 
(129) 
Impairment of non-financial assets ..........................................................  
(23) 
(21,009) 
(2,547) 
(3) 
Other operating expenses .........................................................................  
(53,000) 
(96,153) 
(23,565) 
(27) 
Total operating expenses ...................................................................  
(1,033,903) 
(1,292,314) 
(1,303,099) 
(1,490) 
Operating income before credit losses ..........................................  
1,123,154 
1,406,773 
1,217,230  
1,392  
Credit loss expense ..................................................................................  
(401,124) 
(494,870) 
(399,255) 
(457) 
Operating profit .................................................................................  
722,030 
911,903 
817,975  
935  
Profit from continuing operations before tax ............................................  
722,030 
911,903 
817,975  
935  
Income tax ...............................................................................................  
(201,484) 
(90,879) 
(135,404) 
(155) 
Consolidated profit for the year ended .................................................  
520,546 
821,024 
682,571  
781  
 
 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$)(1) 
(in millions of Ch$)(1) 
(in millions of Ch$)(1) 
(in millions of US$)(2) 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
DATA 
 
 
 
 
Net cash from operating activities ............................. 
1,005,385 
1,374,876 
(3,000,257) 
(3,431) 
Net cash (used in) from investing activities .............. 
44,199 
(426,917) 
788,472 
902 
Net cash (used in) from financing activities .............. 
355,556 
(458,542) 
(260,500) 
(298) 
Change in cash and cash equivalents after the effect of 
exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  
1,405,140 
489,417 
(2,472,285) 
(2,827) 
 
 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
CONSOLIDATED RATIOS 
 
 
 
Profitability and performance 
 
 
 
Net interest margin(5) ....................................................... 
3.4% 
3.8% 
2.6% 
Fee income as a % of average interest-earning assets ...... 
1.0% 
0.8% 
0.8% 
Fee income as a % of administrative expenses ................ 
144.8% 
120.3% 
102.9% 
Return on average total assets(6)....................................... 
1.0% 
1.4% 
0.9% 
Return on average shareholders’ equity(7) ........................ 
17.2% 
20.9% 
14.5% 
Dividend payment ratio(8) ................................................ 
30.3% 
33.1% 
37.1% 
Capital

--- Page 127 ---
115 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Average shareholders’ equity as a % of average  
total assets .................................................................... 
5.1% 
5.4% 
6.3% 
Leverage indicator ........................................................... 
6.37% 
              5.96% 
7.4% 
Basic capital indicator ..................................................... 
9.99% 
9.4% 
11.1% 
Tier 1 capital indicator .................................................... 
10.99% 
9.9% 
11.1% 
Asset Quality(*) 
 
 
 
Loans overdue less than 90 days 
as a % of total loans(9) .................................................. 
6.8% 
4.9% 
5.0% 
Past due loans as a % of total loans(10) ............................. 
0.8% 
1.2% 
1.2% 
Impaired loans as a % of total loans(11) ............................ 
3.6% 
3.3% 
3.6% 
Allowance for loan losses as a % of loans overdue less than 90 
days(9) ........................................................................... 
36.8% 
27.8% 
34.5% 
Allowance for loan losses as a % of past due loans(10) ..... 
224.4% 
161.7% 
140.4% 
Allowance for loan losses as a % of impaired loans(11) .... 
50.0% 
56.4% 
47.1% 
Allowance for loan losses as a % of total loans(12) ........... 
1.8% 
1.9% 
1.7% 
Consolidated risk index(13) ............................................... 
1.9% 
1.9% 
1.7% 
Efficiency 
 
 
 
Operating expenses as a % of operating income, plus provision for 
loan losses .................................................................... 
52.1% 
52.1% 
38.7% 
Operating expenses as a % of average total assets(14) ....... 
1.7% 
1.8% 
1.7% 
Liquidity 
 
 
 
Loans as a % of total deposits(15) ..................................... 
95.8% 
117.6% 
116.9% 
Liquid assets as a % of total deposits(16) .......................... 
11.2% 
11.0% 
9.7% 
OTHER DATA 
 
 
 
Inflation rate(17) ................................................................ 
7.2% 
11.8% 
3.9% 
Number of branches and offices ...................................... 
254 
229 
186 
Number of employees ..................................................... 
11,588 
11,514 
11,423 
 
(*) 
Excluding loans and receivables from banks. 
(1) 
Except percentages and ratios. 
(2) 
For the reader’s convenience, we have converted the original Chilean peso amounts into U.S. dollars at the observed exchange rate as published by the 
Central Bank of Chile on the first business day following the respective period.  The exchange rate used for purposes of this conversion was Ch$877.12 
per US$1.00, as of December 31, 2023.  We make no representation that the Chilean peso or the U.S. dollar amounts referred to herein actually 
represent, could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars or Chilean pesos, as the case may be, at the rates indicated, at any particular rate or 
at all. 
(3) 
Transactions pending settlement which will increase or decrease our funds deposited with the Central Bank of Chile or with foreign banks within 24 
business hours of the execution of such transactions. 
(4) 
Net of allowances for loan losses. 
(5) 
Net interest income as a percentage of monthly average interest earning assets.  
(6) 
Consolidated profit for the year ended as a percentage of monthly average total assets. 
(7) 
Consolidated profit for the year ended as a percentage of monthly average equity for the last 12 months.  
(8) 
Dividends paid divided by net income. 
(9) 
Loans overdue less than 90 days consist of loans overdue for one to 89 days.  
(10) Past due loans consist of loans for which either principal or interest are overdue for at least 90 days and which do not accrue interest.  Past due loans 
include, with respect to any loan, only the portion of principal and interest that is overdue for 90 or more days, and do not include the installments of 
such loan that are not overdue or that are overdue for less than 90 days, unless (i) any portion of the loan is overdue for 180 days or more, in which 
case the entire loan is considered past due, or (ii) legal proceedings have been commenced for the entire outstanding balance according to the terms of 
the loan, in which case the entire loan is considered past due within 90 days after initiation of such proceedings.  This practice differs from that normally 
followed in the United States where the amount classified as past due would include the entire amount of principal and interest on any and all loans 
which have any portion overdue. 
(11) Impaired loans consist of our (i) “individually” assessed loans which have been classified as B3, B4, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5 and C6 according to the 
categories set forth by the CMF (former SBIF) and (ii) “collectively” assessed loans that are (a) past due loans, or (b) restructured past due loans until 
we re-classify them as performing loans based on our periodic reassessment of such loans. See “Regulation and Supervision—Classification of Loan 
Portfolio.” 
(12) Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans before allowances for loan losses.  
(13) The risk index is calculated as allowances for loan losses as a percentage of total loans net of allowances for loan losses. 
(14) Average total assets are calculated on the basis of average monthly balances of our consolidated assets.  
(15) Total deposits consist of current accounts and demand deposits plus term deposits and saving accounts. 
(16) Liquid assets consist of cash and deposits in banks and items in course of collection. 
(17) Based on the Chilean consumer price index, as reported by the Chilean National Institute of Statistics. 
Our Segments 
We offer a wide range of credit and non-credit products and services to our corporate and retail customers.  In 
addition, we have integrated non-banking financial products, such as factoring, financial leasing, insurance brokerage, 
securitization, investment funds management and securities brokerage services, to maximize the value represented by our 
branch network and other distribution channels. 
The following chart sets forth our principal reporting segments:

--- Page 128 ---
116 
 
 
In accordance with IFRS 8, the Bank has aggregated operating segments with similar economic characteristics based 
on the aggregation criteria specified in the standard. Thus, a reporting segment comprises clients to whom differentiated 
products are addressed, which are homogeneous and whose performance is measured in a similar way, thus part of the same 
reporting segment.  Segment reporting is presented by the Bank based on a defined business structure, which is focused on 
optimizing assistance to clients with products and service, according to relevant commercial characteristics. 
The Retail Banking Segment is designed to provide financial services to natural persons. The SME Bank segment 
is addressed to companies that register sales of up to UF80,000 per year. The Wholesale Banking segment is addressed to all 
companies with sales of more than UF80,000 per year. The Corporate and Investment Banking Finance Division segment 
includes brokerage of financial positions and portfolio management services. It is also addressed to high net worth clients 
and investors who are provided high-value financial services, including private banking. The BCI Financial Group segment 
corresponds to the business and operations carried out in the United States through City National Bank of Florida. It operates 
as an independent unit and is supervised by our senior management in Chile. The Financial Services segment is addressed to 
businesses which operations include BCI Leader Mastercard and Presto credit cards, and the origination of advances and 
personal insurance brokerage. It operates as an independent unit and is supervised by our senior management in Chile. The 
references to “Other” segments in this Prospectus include those expenses and/or income that by their nature are not directly 
identifiable within the reportable segments and therefore are not assigned. 
 
As of June 2021, the private banking unit was relocated from Wholesale Banking to Corporate and Investment 
Banking Finance Division segment in order to promote investment opportunities.  
 
Retail Banking Segment  
This segment includes individuals and certain entities as described below. As of December 31, 2023, we had 
approximately 840,686 checking account customers in our Individuals, Preferential, and Nova banking operating segment. 
 
At and for the year ended December 31, 2023, loans in this operating segment represented 18.1% of our total assets, 
and our Retail banking segment accounted for 28.9% of our consolidated net interest income and net inflation-indexation 
income and 52.6% of our consolidated fee income. 
 
At December 31, 2023, the risk index calculated as allowances for loan losses as a percentage of our total loans to 
retail banking customers was 2.5%. 
 
The following table sets forth, as of each of the dates indicated, the number of accounts in our Retail banking 
segment: 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
 
 
 
Checking accounts ........................................................... 
613,201 
702,954 
840,686

--- Page 129 ---
117 
We offer our retail banking customers a broad range of products and services, including consumer loans credit cards, 
auto loans, commercial loans, residential mortgage loans, checking accounts, savings products, broker-dealer services, mutual 
funds and insurance brokerage. 
We divide our retail banking operating segment into the following operating segments: 
Individuals and Preferential 
We have historically targeted the middle-income segment of the Chilean population, which has been rapidly growing 
both in terms of size and purchasing power.  The individual banking line of business includes those middle-income individuals 
who have monthly income between Ch$450,000 (approximately US$500) and Ch$3 million (approximately US$3,200) and 
upper-income individuals who have monthly income higher than Ch$3 million. As of December 31, 2023, we had 83.7% of 
our outstanding retail/individual banking loans classified to “classic” or middle-income individuals, representing 60.2% of 
our individual total loans as of such date. As of the same date, approximately 23.5% of our outstanding retail individual 
banking loans were classified as loans to “preferential” or upper-income individuals. 
SME Bank Segment  
This operating segment includes entrepreneurs and entities with sales up to UF80,000. As of December 31, 2023, 
we had approximately 105,346 checking account customers in our small and medium enterprises operating segment. As of 
and for the year ended December 31, 2023, assets in this operating segment represented approximately 3.5% of our total 
assets, and our customers accounted for 9.9% of our consolidated net interest income and 10.6% of our net fee income.  As 
of December 31, 2023, the risk index for our loans to small and medium-sized enterprises customers was 1.74%. 
Microenterprises 
This line of business includes businesses with annual net sales up to UF3,500 (approximately Ch$128.76 million or 
US$146,802) and we offer our products and services to both the small businesses and their owners individually. This segment 
represents approximately 11.6% of our outstanding loans in our Small and Medium Enterprises operating segment. This 
segment only includes current and saving accounts. 
Entrepreneurs   
This line of business includes businesses with annual net sales between UF3,500 (approximately Ch$128.76 million 
or US$146,802) and UF25,000 (approximately Ch$920 million or US$1,048,584), and we offer our products and services to 
both the small businesses and their owners individually. This segment represents approximately 38% of our outstanding loans 
in our Small and Medium Enterprises operating segment. 
Enterprises   
This line of business includes businesses with annual net sales between UF25,000 (approximately Ch$920 million 
or US$1,048,584) and UF80,000 (approximately Ch$2,943 million or US$3.36 million), and we offer our products and 
services to both the small businesses and their owners individually.  This segment represents approximately 49% of our 
outstanding loans in our Small and Medium Enterprises operating segment. 
Products 
We offer the following products and services, among others, to our retail and small and medium enterprise 
customers: 
 
Checking Accounts and Other Deposit Products. We offer checking accounts denominated in Chilean pesos 
and U.S. dollars. In Chile, checking accounts have been historically non-interest bearing accounts and therefore 
have provided us with an important source of low-cost funding.  Since June 1, 2002 the Central Bank of Chile 
has allowed banks to pay interest on checking accounts and currently there are no applicable restrictions on the 
interest paid on checking accounts. However, we currently pay interest on only a small portion of our checking 
accounts. We offer our customers interest bearing deposits, including term deposits and savings accounts. Term 
deposits are offered in Chilean pesos, UF and U.S. dollars, bear interest at a fixed rate and have terms of seven 
to 360 days. Savings accounts are generally denominated in UF and bear interest at a fixed rate.

--- Page 130 ---
118 
 
Mortgage Loans. As of December 31, 2023, we had outstanding mortgage loans of Ch$10,375,203 million, 
representing 61.5% of our total loans at such date. Our residential mortgage loans are denominated in UF, bear 
interest at a fixed rate (which is at a fixed spread above the mortgage finance bonds referred to below) and have 
maturities between 5 and 30 years. By the end of 2023, 30 year maturity mortgage loans were restricted and the 
maximum given maturity is 25 years.  
 
As of December 31, 2023, the average life of our residential mortgage loans was approximately 16years, 
reflecting an expansion of available maturities in recent years in the Chilean market. Although from time to 
time we use other sources of financing to fund our residential mortgage loans, we generally fund these loans 
through the issuance of mortgage finance bonds, which are recourse obligations with payment terms generally 
matched to the related mortgage loans and bearing interest at a rate below such loans. 
 
Consumer Loans.  As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding consumer loans, lines of credit outstanding 
(including overdraft lines) of Ch$1,848,977 million, representing 11.0% of our consolidated loans at such date, 
approximately 8.8% below 2022 due to our strategic decision to focus on the most competitive customer 
profiles. Lines of credit are generally provided on a revolving basis up to an approved credit limit.  Consumer 
loans are generally repayable in installments over terms of up to 36 months.  Consumer loans include loans for 
purchases of automobiles, home furnishings and other durable consumer items.  For such items (particularly 
automobiles), we generally obtain a lien on the purchased item to securer payment. 
 
Credit Cards. As December 31, 2023, we had Ch$763,537 credit cards outstanding under our logo according 
to the CMF, which includes Servicios Financieros and City National Bank of Florida, which represented 4.5% 
of our total loans at such date.  We have non-exclusive agreements with Visa International Inc. and MasterCard 
Inc. under which we issue Visa and MasterCard credit cards under the Bci brand.  We earn interest revenue on 
outstanding credit card balances, transaction commissions from merchants, late fees on overdue payments and 
annual fees from cardholders.  Interest on credit card balances is charged at variable nominal rates which for 
the year ended December 31, 2023 averaged approximately 7.6% annual, calculated as interest over average 
loans. 
 
 Other Products.  In addition, we market mutual funds, insurance products and other financial services offered 
through subsidiaries.  See “—Non-Banking Financial Services.” 
Wholesale Banking Segment 
This segment includes companies with annual sales exceeding UF80,000 and the following operating units: Real 
Estate and Entities, which comprises large companies and real estate companies; Wholesale Banks; and Corporate Bank and 
Institutional Clients. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, assets in the wholesale banking reporting segment 
represented approximately 16.0% of our total assets and our commercial banking customers accounted for 28.6% of our 
consolidated net interest income and net inflation-indexation income and 28.4% of our net fee income. 
As of December 31, 2023, the risk index, calculated as our allowances for loan losses as a percentage of our total 
loans, for our loans to commercial banking customers was 1.72%. 
 
We offer our corporate customers a broad menu of banking products and services, including short- and long-term 
commercial loans, state-guaranteed loans, working capital financing, lines of credit, foreign trade financing, mortgage loans, 
savings accounts, time-deposits and checking accounts in domestic and foreign currency, and transactional banking (cash 
management including electronic payroll payment and payment services for accounts payable).  In addition, we cross-sell to 
them our non-banking financial products and services, such as broker-dealer services, insurance, factoring, fund and asset 
management, and financial advisory services. 
Finance Segment 
 
This segment includes our investment portfolio and our wealth management unit, which is addressed to high net 
worth investors with financial needs of high value added financial services, including private banking. For the year ended 
December 31, 2023, our corporate and investment banking financial division segment accounted for 15.0% of our total 
operating income.  This segment covers our money market, investments and trading.  Our activities are subject to guidelines 
set out by our board of directors, the Central Bank of Chile and the CMF.  We enter into transactions involving fixed-income

--- Page 131 ---
119 
instruments and related repurchase agreements, foreign currencies (in the spot and forward markets), negotiable mortgage 
instruments, derivative financial agreements and other securities traded in secondary markets.  
BCI Financial Group  
As part of our international expansion strategy, in October 2015 we acquired 100% of BCI Financial Group, Inc., 
formerly known as CM Florida Holdings, Inc., a U.S. bank holding company which owns 99.9% of City National Bank of 
Florida. See “Business–City National Bank of Florida.” City National Bank of Florida offers financial products, including 
real estate, commercial and consumer banking, to more than 60,000 clients through 31 banking centers strategically located 
in four counties in Florida. City National Bank of Florida had approximately 916 employees and more than US$26.1 billion 
in assets by the end of 2023, becoming one of the largest financial institutions based in the state of Florida. 
On December 31, 2023, 78.1% of City National Bank of Florida’s loans had mortgage collateral, 19.5% were 
commercial and industrial, 1.8% were financial leases and 0.6% were consumer loans.  On December 31, 2023, City National 
Bank of Florida had deposits and borrowings of US$23.4 billion (US$21.0 billion in deposits), shareholders’ equity of US$2.4 
billion and a risk based Tier 1 regulatory capital ratio of 9.9%, computed in accordance with guidelines promulgated by the  
FDIC, the OCC and the Federal Reserve.  For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, City National Bank of 
Florida had consolidated net income of US$243.0 million, US$273.1 million and US$163.6 million, respectively.  The 40.1% 
decrease in net income in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to decreases in net interest income.  As of December 31, 
2023, assets in this operating segment represented approximately 28.8% of our total assets and BCI Financial Group, Inc. and 
subsidiaries accounted for 25.3% of our consolidated net interest revenue and 8.2% of our consolidated net fee income. 
Regarding risk ratios, nonperforming loans are at significantly low levels as of December 31, 2023, comprising approximately 
0.44% of total loans. 
Through City National Bank of Florida, we expect to continue increasing our international revenues based on 
combining our experience and capabilities in Chile with an established and scalable banking platform that is managed by an 
experienced management team in the strategic Florida market, where we have operated an international branch for over 20 
years.  However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to realize all of the anticipated benefits that we seek.   
 
Financial Services Segment   
On December 5, 2018 the former SBIF approved our acquisition of the five entities forming Walmart Chile Servicios 
Financieros, the financial services division of Walmart Chile, which provides financing for its customers with the Líder 
MasterCard and Presto credit cards, along with other products. The Financial Services reporting segment operates as an 
independent unit under the supervision of our senior management in Chile.  
On January 26, 2021, the CMF authorized the merger of Sociedad de Servicios de Comercialización y de Apoyo 
Financiero y de Gestión SSFF Limitada with and into Servicios Financieros y Administración, with Servicios Financieros y 
Administración being the surviving entity. On January 31, 2021, the merger was finalized. The purpose of the merger was to 
improve the profitability of the assets and liabilities of Servicios Financieros y Administración and Sociedad de Servicios de 
Comercialización y de Apoyo Financiero y de Gestión SSFF Limitada, and to facilitate the supervision and control of, and 
simplify, our credit card business. 
Servicios Financieros, the name under which the four entities operate, continues to market the financial products 
and services offered before by Walmart Chile, which include the issue and operation of the new Líder Bci MasterCard, along 
with the origination of cash advances, super cash advances and personal insurance, among others.  This business is undertaken 
as a ten-year commercial cooperation agreement between Bci and Walmart, a leading global company in the retail sector. 
Such agreement aims to assure the collaboration of both companies with the goal of providing the best benefits and conditions 
for customers. 
The four entities that comprise Servicios Financieros are Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos 
Comerciales S.A. (f/k/a Servicios y Administración de Créditos Comerciales Lider S.A.); Administradora de Tarjetas 
Servicios Financieros Limitada (f/k/a Operadora de Tarjetas Lider Servicios Financieros Limitada); SSFF Corredores de 
Seguros y Gestión Financiera LTDA (f/k/a Lider Corredores de Seguros y Gestión Financiera Limitada); and Servicios y 
Cobranzas SEYCO LTDA (f/k/a Servicios y Cobranzas Limitada).  
Such entities have different roles in the business.  Servicios Financieros y Administración de Creditos Comerciales 
Líder S.A. issues credit cards, grants loans to the customers, and advertises the financial products of Servicios Financieros.  
Administradora de Tarjetas Servicios Financieros Limitada supports the credit card operations of the business.  Servicios y

--- Page 132 ---
120 
Cobranzas SEYCO LTDA collects on the overdue loans and credit cards.  Finally, SSFF Corredores de Seguros y Gestión 
Financiera LTDA brokers insurance. 
In December 2023, Servicios Financieros completed its fifth year of operation as our subsidiary.  The digital 
transformation of Servicios Financieros has continued to advance, with the focus on providing an omnichannel experience of 
excellence to customers aimed at emerging segments, highlighting the progress of the roll-out of the new branch format, and 
the implementation of self-service modules and kiosks. The advances in our digitalization processes are reflected in the fact 
that as of the date of this Prospectus approximately 70% of our processes are digitalized. 
 
Others 
“Others” includes those expenses and/or income that by their nature are not directly identifiable within the reportable 
segments and therefore are not assigned. 
Distribution Channels and Electronic Banking 
Chile 
Our distribution network provides integrated financial services and products to our customers through a wide range 
of channels. This network includes ATMs, branches, online banking and phone-banking devices, which allow our customers 
to conduct self-service banking transactions during banking and non-banking hours. 
As of December 31, 2023, we had a network of points of contact throughout Chile, which serve as a distribution 
network for all the products and services we offer to our customers. Our 186full-service branches accept deposits, disburse 
cash, offer the full range of our retail banking products such as consumer loans, automobile financing, credit cards, mortgage 
loans and checking accounts and provide information to current and potential customers. 
We offer electronic banking services to our commercial customers through our internet website, which have 
homepages that are segmented by market. Our corporate website offers services including our office banking service which 
enables our corporate customers to perform most of their banking transactions from their offices. Our retail website offers a 
broad range of services, including the payment of bills, electronic fund transfers, stop payment and non-charge orders, as 
well as a wide variety of account inquiries. Both websites offer our customers the sale of third-party products with exclusive 
benefits. We also have a website designed for our investor customers through which they can perform transactions such as 
stock trading, time deposit taking and opening savings accounts. 
Our foreign trade customers can rely on our international business website which enables them to inquire about the 
status of their foreign trade transactions and perform transactions such as opening letters of credit, recording import collection 
and hedging on instructions and letters of credit. 
As of December 31, 2023, 77% of the retail segment made 92% of their transactions through digital channels, and 
in the SMEs clients 78% were digital users and made 86% of their transactions through digital channels. 
International 
We have historically maintained a network of international banking relationships, including alliances and 
commercial relationships with more than 700 correspondent banks in North America, Europe, Asia and South America, a 
foreign branch and several representation offices in strategic cities abroad.  We have formalized commercial alliances with 
several banks, including CaixaBank (Spain), MUFG (Japan), Bradesco (Brazil), Fiduaciaria de Banco Bogota (Colombia) 
and Banorte (Mexico). We have representative offices in Lima, Sao Paulo, Mexico City, Bogota and Shanghai. 
We have been present in Peru for 20 years through a representative office. In 2023, we obtained the required 
authorizations from the SBS to operate our new subsidiary in Peru, BCI Peru. With an initial capital of US$60 million, we 
expect that this subsidiary will allow us to be a relevant player in the region focusing on corporate clients and large companies 
for Peruvian and Chilean customers. Our objective through our operations in Peru is to increase our presence in the Peruvian 
market and continue to strengthen our financial solutions platform in three countries, along with Chile and the United States, 
which will act as a single bank throughout Latin America and North America. This will allow us to be an increasingly relevant 
player at the regional level. Along with this new venture, we will continue to focus on our growth in Florida, a gateway for 
investments to and from Latin America, in addition to continue to analyze new growth opportunities in the region.

--- Page 133 ---
121 
Our international relationships provide an additional source of interbank funding and offer opportunities for short-
term loans.  More importantly, our international network facilitates the offer of products and services to our clients pursuing 
cross-border business activities.  These products include foreign trade financing, letters of credit and foreign exchange 
transactions. 
Our Miami branch was established in 1999 and offers a range of general banking products and services in the United 
States to our clients.  As of December 31, 2023, our Miami branch had total assets of US$5,800 million, including a gross 
loan portfolio of US$2,567 million, representing the net loan portfolio a 44% of our total assets at such date.  The Miami 
branch’s loan portfolio consists mainly of working capital loans, trade financing loans, personal loans, syndicated loans, and 
discounted acceptances. Additionally, the branch has off-balance contingent loans (letters of credit, stand-by letters of credit 
and commitments to extend credits) of US$647 million. As of December 31, 2023, our Miami branch had a net profit of 
US$48.4 million. 
Investments in bonds and foreign securities by our Miami branch aggregated US$675 million on December 31, 
2023, most of which consisted of Chilean government debt securities. As of December 31, 2023, our Miami branch had 
US$29.9 million in allowances for loan losses.  Although our Miami branch manages its assets and liabilities locally, it 
follows the same credit processes that we follow in Santiago, and all credit decisions are made in conjunction with members 
of the credit committees in Santiago.  
Funding sources for our Miami branch include demand deposit accounts, money market accounts and other deposits 
of US$511 million, term deposits of US$3,168 million, borrowings of US$1,036 million, and related party liabilities of 
US$717 million.   
The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2023, the composition of our portfolio of loans originated through 
our Miami branch: 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
(in US$) 
Foreign trade loans ...................................................................................................................................  
1,997,922,307 
Commercial loans .....................................................................................................................................  
76,705,318 
Loans and receivables to banks ................................................................................................................  
63,507,073 
Individual loans ........................................................................................................................................  
217,400,000 
Contingent loans .......................................................................................................................................  
204,900,067 
Past due loans ...........................................................................................................................................  
683,246,000 
Doubtful ...................................................................................................................................................  
6,191,143 
 
The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2023, the sources of funding for our Miami branch: 
As of December 31, 2023 
(in US$, except for percentages) 
Current accounts & other demand deposits ........................................................................ 
511,026,092 
9.4% 
Certificates of deposits and time deposits ........................................................................... 
3,167,550,498 
   58.3% 
Foreign borrowings ............................................................................................................ 
1,035,707,492 
19.1% 
Related Party Liabilities ..................................................................................................... 
716,951,251 
13.2% 
Total ................................................................................................................................... 
5,431,235,333 
100.00% 
 
 
Our Digital Transformation Plan 
We collaborate closely with leaders in global technology like Google and Microsoft, and are regularly advised by 
consulting firms, including the Boston Consulting Group and McKinsey, to attain major scale and speed of execution and 
innovation. Regarding technological architecture, we have made progress in terms of optimization through the development 
of APIs and microservices architecture to support our new business model, which we believe will help us adapt to the 
upcoming open banking system and financial environment with consolidated information about loan and financial 
obligations. 
 
In Chile, we were the first bank to offer a fully digitized mortgage loan application, in partnership with real estate 
companies and real estate listing websites. As a result of the omnichannel strategy, in the retail banking for 2023, 84% of the 
retail segment and 79% of our SMEs clients were app users and accounted for the 77% and 74% of the sales by digital 
channels, respectively. In addition, our new digital checking account generated 180,000 new clients.

--- Page 134 ---
122 
 
We have also pioneered in the market with our person-to-person payments “MACH” mobile app, with nearly 4 
million accounts and a 75% of net promote score experience performance. In 2023, the volume of “MACH” virtual cards 
increased by 11% compared to 2022, as a result of the strategic expansion of our digital services, and the successful 
implementation of the BciPlus+ loyalty program. 
 
We have a joint venture with EVO Payments, a leading global provider of payment technology integration and 
acquirer solutions. This joint venture takes place in an environment where government authorities and market players are 
working together for Chile’s national payment system to evolve from a single acquirer model to one with multiple acquirers 
with increased capabilities and competition. With this initiative, along with “MACH”, Google, Visa, Garmin Pay and Bci 
Servicios Financieros, our subsidiary through which we offer credit cards to Walmart clients in Chile, we aim to become a 
significant player in the acquisition and payment solutions market in Chile. Our strategy in this market is to create a system 
of digital and payments solutions, with a unique loyalty program and a full enterprise solution, which would allow us to 
increase our operating income and the amount of our deposits, and decrease our funding cost. In 2023, the second year of  
operations, we achieved more than 13,906 points of sale in the market. 
 
Competition 
Chile 
The Chilean market for financial services is highly competitive.  In the commercial banking segments, we face 
competition from larger Chilean banks in terms of assets, some of which have substantially greater resources, and major 
international banking institutions.  Our principal private-sector competitors include Banco Santander-Chile, Banco de Chile, 
Itau-CorpBanca, and Scotiabank, as well as Banco del Estado de Chile, which is government owned.  In addition, we are 
subject to competition in other segments of our business from market participants such as broker-dealers, insurance 
companies and other specialized providers of non-banking financial services, including department stores and larger 
supermarket chains.  See “The Chilean Banking Industry—Competition.” 
 
We believe that the consolidation experienced in the Chilean banking system during the last 20 years is likely to 
continue and result in a further reduction in the number of private-sector banks currently active in Chile.  See “Risk Factors—
Increased competition and industry consolidation may adversely affect our results of operations” and “The Chilean Banking 
Industry” for a more extensive discussion of the competitive environment and comparative financial and operating 
information for the principal banking institutions. 
United States 
Our markets are highly competitive. Our markets contain not only a large number of community and regional banks, 
but also a significant presence of the country’s largest commercial banks. We compete with other state, national and 
international financial institutions located in our market areas as well as savings associations, savings banks and credit unions 
for deposits and loans.  In addition, we compete with financial intermediaries such as consumer finance companies, mortgage 
banking companies, insurance companies, securities firms, mutual funds and several government agencies as well as major 
retailers, all actively engaged in providing various types of loans and other financial services.  Our largest banking competitors 
in the Florida market include Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Sabadell, SunTrust Banks, Bank United, Stonegate Bank, 
TD Bank and Wells Fargo among others. 
Employees 
As of December 31, 2023, we had 11,423 employees. For 2023, we invested approximately Ch$4,000 million in 
employee training for approximately 53 training hours per employee during the year and for 2024 we expect to maintain this 
level of investment. We also have a scholarship program that promotes the completion of basic and specialized studies. 
During the year ended December 31, 2023, we had a 1.0% monthly turnover rate. Our current employees have been with us 
for 9 years on average in Chile. As of December 31, 2023, 648 of our employees were affiliated with four unions. Currently 
we have collective bargaining agreements in place with the Chilen Union of Workers Banco de Crédito y Inversiones, which 
expires in September 2025, the Union No. 1 of Workers of Banco de Credito e Inversiones, which expires in May 2025, and 
the Union of Financial Services Corporation Bci (Santiago), which expires in November 2025.

--- Page 135 ---
123 
Properties 
Our headquarters are located in Chile in a building we own at El Golf 125, Las Condes, Santiago. As of 
December 31, 2023, we owned 43% of the locations on which our full-service branches were located and leased the remaining 
branch locations. Our branches are located in all fifteen of Chile’s regions. In determining whether to expand into a new 
location, we conduct extensive analysis and market studies, prepare business plans and consult with existing clients in the 
proposed new location to determine the appropriateness of opening such branch. Although we believe that our existing 
physical facilities are adequate for our current needs, we regularly evaluate the profitability of each of our branches to make 
decisions concerning the expansion, relocation or closing of branches. 
City National Bank of Florida’s headquarters are located in Miami, Florida, with 31 branches located in four counties 
in Florida. 
Sustainability Financing Framework 
In 2021, we approved our Sustainability Financing Framework (the “Sustainability Financing Framework”), 
which contemplates that amounts equal to the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes may be allocated to finance or refinance 
Eligible Projects. Our Sustainability Financing Framework is available for viewing in electronic form on our website 
(https://www.bci.cl/investor-relations-eng/investors/sustainable-financing/green-financing-annual-allocation-and-impact-
report-2). Information contained on, or accessible through, our website is not incorporated by reference in, and shall not be 
considered part of this Prospectus. 
Legal Proceedings 
We are a party to certain legal proceedings in Chile and the United States arising in the normal course of our business.  
We do not believe that these proceedings are likely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of 
operations. 
Capital Stock 
As of December 31, 2023, our paid-in capital is represented by 218,604,259 ordinary shares, fully paid and 
distributed.  Our ordinary shares have no par value and full voting rights.  There are no legal restrictions on the payment of 
dividends from our net income, except that we may pay only a single dividend per year (i.e., interim dividends are not 
permitted).  Under the Chilean Corporations Law and regulations issued thereunder, Chilean public corporations are generally 
required to distribute at least 30% of their consolidated annual earnings as dividends, except to the extent they have 
accumulated losses.  Previously, a bank was permitted to distribute less than such minimum amount in any given year with 
approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of the bank’s outstanding stock.  In 2006, however, this possibility was eliminated 
by law.  Under the General Banking Law, a Chilean bank may pay dividends upon approval of its shareholders from (i) net 
earnings of previous fiscal years (i.e., interim dividends are not permitted), (ii) the reserve kept for that purpose or (iii) other 
funds permitted under Chilean law.  Banks cannot pay dividends if part of their capital has been lost and such loss has not 
been recovered, additionally, banks cannot pay dividends from net earnings or reserves kept for that purpose, if as a 
consequence of such payment, the bank is in contravention of the financial ratios established under article 66 of the General 
Banking Law.

--- Page 136 ---
124 
SELECTED STATISTICAL INFORMATION 
The following information presents our selected statistical information as of and for the years ended December 31, 
2021, 2022 and 2023, in accordance with Chilean GAAP, and is included for analytical purposes.  This information should 
be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, our audited consolidated financial statements and 
the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” appearing 
elsewhere in this Prospectus.  The financial data in the following tables have been stated in nominal Chilean pesos. 
Average Balance Sheets and Interest Rate Data 
Average balances for interest earning assets, interest bearing liabilities, non-interest earning assets and non-interest 
bearing liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 have been calculated on the basis of monthly 
balances of Bci and our subsidiaries and derived from our financial information presented under Chilean GAAP. Data 
computed using more frequent balances could be significantly different.  In each case, such average balances are presented 
in Chilean pesos, UF and foreign currencies (principally U.S. dollars). The UF is a unit of account which is linked to, and 
which changes daily to reflect changes in, the Chilean consumer price index published by the Chilean National Institute of 
Statistics over the close of the previous month. 
The nominal interest rate has been calculated by dividing the amount of interest and principal readjustment gain or 
loss during the period by the related average balance. The nominal rates calculated for each period have been converted into 
real rates using the following formulas: 
Rp = 
1+ Np 
-1 
 
Rd = 
(1+ Nd) (1+ D) -1 
1+I 
 
1+I 
 
Where: 
Rp = real average rate for peso-denominated assets and liabilities (in Ch$ and UF) for the period; 
Rd = real average rate for foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities for the period; 
Np = nominal average rate for peso-denominated assets and liabilities for the period; 
Nd = nominal average rate for foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities for the period; 
D = devaluation rate of the Chilean peso to the dollar for the period; and  
I = inflation rate in Chile for the period (based on the variation of the Chilean consumer price index). 
The real interest rate can be negative for a portfolio of peso-denominated loans when the inflation rate for the period 
is higher than the average nominal rate of the loan portfolio for the same period.  A similar effect could occur for a portfolio 
of foreign currency-denominated loans when the inflation rate for the period is higher than the sum of the devaluation rate 
for the period and the corresponding average nominal rate of the portfolio. 
The formula for the average real rate for foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities (Rd) reflects a gain or 
loss in purchasing power caused by the difference between the devaluation rate of the peso and the inflation rate in Chile 
during the period. 
The following example illustrates the calculation of the real interest rate for a U.S. dollar-denominated asset earning 
a nominal annual interest rate of 10% (Nd = 0.10), assuming a 5% annual devaluation rate (D = 0.05) and a 12% annual 
inflation rate (I = 0.12): 
Rd = 
(1 + 0.10) (1+ 0.05) 
- 1 = 3.125% per 
year 
1 + 0.12 
 
In the example, since the inflation rate was higher than the devaluation rate, the real rate is lower than the nominal 
rate in dollars. For example, if the annual devaluation rate were 15%, provided the rest of the numbers used in the example 
above remain the same, the real rate in Chilean pesos would be 12.9%, which is higher than the nominal rate in dollars.  In 
the same example, if the annual inflation rate were greater than 15.5%, the real rate would be negative.

--- Page 137 ---
125 
Average balances (assets or liabilities) do not include contingent loans, because they are off-balance sheet.  The 
foreign exchange gains or losses on foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities have not been included in interest 
income or expense.  Similarly, interest on investments does not include trading gains or losses on these investments. 
Loans that are not yet 90 days or more overdue, as well as restructured loans, have been included in each of the 
various categories of loans and therefore affect the various averages. Past due loans consist of loans for which either principal 
or interest are overdue for at least 90 days and which do not accrue interest and include, with respect to any loan, only the 
portion of principal and interest that is overdue for 90 or more days, and do not include the installments of such loan that are 
not overdue or that are overdue for less than 90 days, unless (i) any portion of the loan is overdue for 180 days or more, in 
which case the entire loan is considered past due, or (ii) legal proceedings have been commenced for the entire outstanding 
balance according to the terms of the loan, in which case the entire loan is considered past due within 90 days after initiation 
of such proceedings (“past due loans”). Once an overdue loan becomes overdue for 90 days or more, it does not continue to 
be considered “overdue” but is part of the “past due” portfolio. Interest and/or indexation readjustments received on all loans 
during the periods are included as interest income. Loans with respect to which we have certain evidence indicating that the 
borrower will not perform its payment obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of the loan are presented as a 
different category of loans (“impaired loans”). See “Presentation of Financial and Other Information—Loans.” 
Included in interbank deposits are current accounts maintained in the Central Bank of Chile and overseas banks.  
Such assets have a distorting effect on the average interest rate earned on total interest earning assets because (i) balances 
maintained in the Central Bank of Chile only receive interest on the amounts which are legally required to be held for liquidity 
purposes, and (ii) balances maintained in overseas banks earn interest only for certain accounts in certain countries. 
Consequently, the average interest income on such assets is comparatively low. We maintain deposits in these accounts to 
comply with statutory requirements and to facilitate international business, rather than to earn income. 
The following tables show, by currency of denomination, average balances and, where applicable, interest amounts 
earned and paid, and average nominal rates for our interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities for the years ended 
December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023. Except where otherwise specified, all amounts stated in this section are before deduction 
of allowance for loan losses.  See “—Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses.” 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
INTEREST EARNING 
ASSETS 
Average balance 
Interest income 
Average nominal 
rate 
Average real rate 
Average balance 
Interest income 
Average nominal 
rate 
Average real rate 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except for rate data) 
Commercial loans  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Commercial loans ...................... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
6,657,972 
480,323 
7.2% 
(5.0)% 
6,398,936  
618,023  
9.7% 
5.5% 
UF ........................................... 
4,699,786 
711,350 
15.1% 
2.1% 
5,072,357  
430,679  
8.5% 
4.4% 
Foreign currency ...................... 
3,023,068 
126,575 
4.2% 
(6.4)% 
1,163,803  
235,934  
20.3% 
18.6% 
CNB commercial loans .............. 
10,243,600 
512,007 
5.0% 
(6.9)% 
11,132,897  
677,289  
6.1% 
2.1% 
Total .................................... 
24,624,426 
1,830,255 
7.4% 
(4.6)% 
23,767,993  
1,961,925  
8.3% 
4.3% 
Foreign trade loans  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
34,972 
2,882 
8.2% 
(4.0)% 
34,442  
3,598  
10.4% 
6.3% 
UF ........................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
— 
Foreign currency ...................... 
1,270,094 
55,076 
4.3% 
(6.3)% 
1,704,265  
124,832  
7.3% 
5.9% 
Total .................................... 
1,305,066 
57,958 
4.4% 
(6.2)% 
1,738,707  
128,430  
7.4% 
5.9% 
Checking accounts  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
183,010 
33,192 
18.1% 
4.7% 
147,218  
38,348  
26.0% 
21.3% 
UF ........................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ...................... 
1,948 
220 
11.3% 
— 
1  
204  
20400.0% 
20120.6% 
Total .................................... 
184,958 
33,412 
18.1% 
4.7% 
147,219  
38,552  
26.% 
21.5% 
Loans to college students 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
2,489 
144 
5.8% 
(6.2)% 
1,157  
59  
5.1% 
1.6% 
UF ........................................... 
132,388 
22,543 
17.0% 
3.7% 
119,432  
11,700  
9.8% 
5.7% 
Foreign currency ...................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
— 
— 
— 
Total .................................... 
134,877 
22,687 
16.8% 
3.6% 
120,589  
11,759  
9.8% 
5.6% 
Factoring operations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
741,887 
81,121 
10.9% 
(1.7)% 
800,893  
108,547  
13.6% 
9.3% 
UF ........................................... 
10,649 
6,678 
62.7% 
44.2% 
3,071  
-1,494  
(48.6)% 
(50.6)% 
Foreign currency ...................... 
376,405 
5,096 
1.4% 
(9.0)% 
321,212  
6,522  
2.0% 
0.6% 
Total .................................... 
1,128,941 
92,895 
8.2% 
(3.7)% 
1,125,176  
113,575  
10.1% 
6.7% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Leasing transactions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
633,739 
52,419 
8.3% 
(4.0)% 
553,392  
63,814  
11.5% 
7.3% 
UF ........................................... 
488,019 
81,059 
16.6% 
3.4% 
650,324  
60,661  
9.3% 
5.2% 
Foreign currency ...................... 
441,968 
45,844 
10.4% 
(0.9)% 
421,010  
17,606  
4.2% 
2.8% 
Total .......................................... 
1,563,726 
179,322 
11.5% 
(0.8)% 
1,624,726  
142,081  
8.7% 
5.3% 
Credit card borrowers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$............................................ 
57,834 
8,956 
15.5% 
2.4% 
69,123  
10,951  
15,8% 
11.5% 
UF ............................................. 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
— 
— 
Foreign currency ........................ 
6,510 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
— 
— 
Total .......................................... 
64,344 
8,956 
13.9% 
2.1% 
69,123  
10,951  
15,8% 
11.5% 
Other loans and receivables 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
4,831 
70 
1.4% 
(10.1)% 
9,514  
1  
0.0% 
(3.7)% 
UF ........................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ...................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total .................................... 
4,831 
70 
1.4% 
(10.1)% 
9,514  
1  
0.0% 
(3.74)% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
9,291 
595 
6.4% 
(5.7)% 
8,307  
542  
6.5% 
2.5% 
UF ........................................... 
9,344,133 
1,413,055 
15.1% 
2.1% 
10,203,691  
791,249  
7.8% 
3.7% 
Foreign currency ...................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
— 
CNB mortgage loans ............... 
2,630,092 
2,377 
0.1% 
(11.3)% 
2,147,869  
116,670  
5.4% 
1.5% 
Total .................................... 
11,983,516 
1,416,027 
11.8% 
(0.9)% 
12,359,867  
908,461  
7.4% 
3.3%

--- Page 138 ---
126 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
INTEREST EARNING 
ASSETS 
Average balance 
Interest income 
Average nominal 
rate 
Average real rate 
Average balance 
Interest income 
Average nominal 
rate 
Average real rate 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except for rate data) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans in installment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
1,939,184 
221,225 
11.4% 
(1.2)% 
1,771,418  
229,119  
12.9% 
8.7% 
UF ........................................... 
22,227 
3,708 
16.7% 
3.4% 
12,746  
1,223  
9.6% 
5.5% 
Foreign currency ...................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
— 
CNB consumer loans ............... 
3,836 
1,698 
44.3% 
27.9% 
12,511  
2,606  
20.8% 
16.3% 
Total .................................... 
1,965,247 
226,631 
11.5% 
(1.2)% 
1,796,675  
232,948  
13.0% 
8.6% 
Checking accounts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
92,752 
33,536 
36.2% 
20.7% 
109,847  
43,702  
39.8% 
34.5% 
UF ........................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
— 
Foreign currency ...................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
— 
Total .................................... 
92,752 
33,536 
36.2% 
20.7% 
109,847  
43,702  
39.8% 
34.5% 
Credit card borrowers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
1,466,234 
245,849 
16.8% 
3.5% 
1,327,435  
269,350  
20.3% 
15.8% 
UF ........................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
— 
Foreign currency ...................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
— 
Total .................................... 
1,466,234 
245,849 
16.8% 
3.5% 
1,327,435  
269,350  
20.3% 
15.8% 
Consumer leasing transactions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
293 
25 
8.5% 
(3.8)% 
258  
30  
11.6% 
7.4% 
UF ........................................... 
48 
9 
18.8% 
5.3% 
—  
—  
— 
— 
Foreign currency ...................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
67  
6  
9.0% 
7.5% 
Total .................................... 
341 
34 
10.0% 
(2.5)% 
325  
36  
11.1% 
7.4% 
Other loans and receivables  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
746 
260 
34.9% 
19.6% 
955  
405  
42.4% 
37.1% 
UF ........................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
— 
Foreign currency ...................... 
46,970 
8,798 
18.7% 
6.6% 
28,064  
3,017  
10.8% 
9.2% 
Total .................................... 
47,716 
9,058 
19.0% 
6.9% 
29,019  
3,422  
11.8% 
10.2% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interbank loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
— 
UF ........................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
— 
Foreign currency ...................... 
748,440 
21,613 
2.9% 
(7.6)% 
656,589  
34,407  
5.2% 
3.8% 
Total .................................... 
748,440 
21,613 
2.9% 
(7.6)% 
656,589  
34,407  
5.2% 
3.8% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investments  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
4,987,375 
248,053 
5.0% 
(6.9)% 
5,455,800  
379,478  
7.0% 
2.9% 
UF ........................................... 
2,193,884 
228,762 
10.4% 
(2.1)% 
2,284,003  
108,849  
4.8% 
0.8% 
Foreign currency ...................... 
25,611 
— 
— 
— 
553,559  
163,728  
29.6% 
27.8% 
CNB investments .................... 
5,452,127 
184,200 
3.4% 
(8.4)% 
5,742,502  
170,271  
                         3.0% 
(0.9)% 
Total .................................... 
12,658,997 
661,015 
5.2% 
(6.7)% 
14,035,864  
822,326  
5.9% 
2.0% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other assets  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
850,001 
(650,637) 
(76.5)% 
(79.2)% 
1,134,225  
212,193  
18.7% 
14.3% 
UF ........................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
— 
Foreign currency ...................... 
1,353,989 
191,913 
14.2% 
2.6% 
1,000,036  
53,081  
5.3% 
3.9% 
CNB ....................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
— 
Total .................................... 
2,203,990 
(458,724) 
(20.8)% 
(29.0)% 
2,134,261  
265,274  
12.4% 
9.4% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total interest earning assets  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .......................................... 
17,662,610 
758,013 
4.3% 
(7.5)% 
17,822,920  
1,978,160  
11.1% 
6.9% 
UF ........................................... 
16,891,134 
2,467,164 
14.6% 
1.6% 
18,345,624  
1,402,867  
7.7% 
3.6% 
Foreign currency ...................... 
7,295,003 
455,134 
6.2% 
(4.6)% 
5,848,606  
639,337  
10.9% 
9.4% 
CNB ....................................... 
18,329,655 
700,282 
3.8% 
(8.0)% 
19,035,779  
966,836  
5.1% 
1.1% 
Total .................................... 
60,178,402 
4,380,593 
7.3% 
(4.7)% 
61,052,929  
4,987,200  
8.2% 
4.4% 
 
 
 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
NON-INTEREST EARNING 
ASSETS 
Average balance 
Interest income 
Average nominal 
rate 
Average real 
rate 
Average balance 
Interest income 
Average nominal rate 
Average real rate 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except for rate data) 
Cash and due from banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ........................................ 
753,502 
— 
— 
— 
805,316  
— 
— 
— 
UF ......................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .................... 
810,372 
— 
— 
— 
1,867,785  
— 
— 
— 
CNB ...................................... 
1,201,401 
— 
— 
— 
433,529  
— 
— 
— 
Total..................................... 
2,765,275 
— 
— 
— 
3,106,630  
— 
— 
— 
 
 
— 
— 
— 
 
— 
— 
— 
Allowance for loan losses 
 
— 
— 
— 
 
— 
— 
— 
Ch$ ........................................ 
(638,378) 
— 
— 
— 
(698,993) 
— 
— 
— 
UF ......................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .................... 
(74,353) 
— 
— 
— 
(66,346) 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ...................................... 
(123,126) 
— 
— 
— 
(114,960) 
— 
— 
— 
Total..................................... 
(835,857) 
— 
— 
— 
(880,299)  
— 
— 
— 
 
 
— 
— 
— 
 
— 
— 
— 
Derivative Financial Assets 
 
— 
— 
— 
 
— 
— 
— 
Ch$ ........................................ 
7,990,218 
— 
— 
— 
7,756,857  
— 
— 
— 
UF ......................................... 
25,257 
— 
— 
— 
89,156  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .................... 
232,891 
— 
— 
— 
397,296  
— 
— 
— 
CNB ...................................... 
72,528 
— 
— 
— 
71,789  
— 
— 
— 
Total..................................... 
8,320,894 
— 
— 
— 
8,315,098  
— 
— 
— 
 
 
— 
— 
— 
 
— 
— 
— 
Property, plant and equipment 
 
— 
— 
— 
 
— 
— 
— 
Ch$ ........................................ 
215,268 
— 
— 
— 
211,340  
— 
— 
— 
UF ......................................... 
91,426 
— 
— 
— 
78,509  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .................... 
4,810 
— 
— 
— 
14,614  
— 
— 
— 
CNB ...................................... 
111,895 
— 
— 
— 
91,264  
— 
— 
— 
Total..................................... 
423,399 
— 
— 
— 
395,727  
— 
— 
— 
 
 
— 
— 
— 
 
— 
— 
— 
Investments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ........................................ 
263,626 
— 
— 
— 
36,490  
— 
— 
— 
UF ......................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
—

--- Page 139 ---
127 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
NON-INTEREST EARNING 
ASSETS 
Average balance 
Interest income 
Average nominal 
rate 
Average real 
rate 
Average balance 
Interest income 
Average nominal rate 
Average real rate 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except for rate data) 
Foreign currency .................... 
232,916 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ...................................... 
153,073 
— 
— 
— 
120,423  
— 
— 
— 
Total..................................... 
649,615 
— 
— 
— 
156,913  
— 
— 
— 
 
 
— 
— 
— 
 
— 
— 
— 
Other assets 
 
— 
— 
— 
 
— 
— 
— 
Ch$ ........................................ 
949,571 
— 
— 
— 
1,291,803  
— 
— 
— 
UF ......................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
72,928  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .................... 
157,717 
— 
— 
— 
97,019  
— 
— 
— 
CNB ...................................... 
368,007 
— 
— 
— 
1,297,203  
— 
— 
— 
Total..................................... 
1,475,295 
— 
— 
— 
2,758,953  
— 
— 
— 
 
 
— 
— 
— 
 
— 
— 
— 
Total non-interest earning assets 
 
— 
— 
— 
 
— 
— 
— 
Ch$ ........................................ 
9,533,807 
— 
— 
— 
9,402,813  
— 
— 
— 
UF ......................................... 
116,683 
— 
— 
— 
240,593  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .................... 
1,364,353 
— 
— 
— 
2,310,368  
— 
— 
— 
CNB ...................................... 
1,783,778 
— 
— 
— 
1,899,247  
— 
— 
— 
Total..................................... 
12,798,621 
— 
— 
— 
13,853,022  
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ........................................ 
27,196,417 
758,013 
2.8% 
— 
27,225,733  
1,978,160  
7.3% 
— 
UF ......................................... 
17,007,817 
2,467,164 
14.5% 
— 
18,586,217  
1,402,867  
7.5% 
— 
Foreign currency .................... 
8,659,356 
455,134 
5.3% 
— 
8,158,974  
639,337  
7.8% 
— 
CNB ...................................... 
20,113,433 
700,282 
3.5% 
— 
20,935,027  
966,836  
4.6% 
— 
Total..................................... 
72,977,023 
4,380,593 
6.0% 
— 
74,905,951  
4,987,200  
6.7% 
— 
 
(1) 
Total assets represent total interest earning assets and non-interest earning assets. 
 
 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
INTEREST BEARING 
LIABILITIES 
Average balance 
Interest paid and 
accrued 
Average nominal 
rate 
Average real rate 
Average balance 
Interest paid and 
accrued 
Average nominal 
rate 
Average real rate 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except for rate data) 
Time deposits and other 
borrowings  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits and other term 
deposits 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................  
7,368,621 
626,494 
8.5% 
(3.8)% 
9,072,047  
955,241  
10.5% 
6.4% 
UF .......................................  
452,603 
58,656 
13.0% 
0.1% 
918,663  
75,476  
8.2% 
4.2% 
Foreign currency ..................  
5,087,869 
130,649 
2.6% 
(7.9)% 
1,251,743  
309,889  
24.8% 
23.1% 
CNB ....................................  
1,344,755 
4,874 
0.4% 
(11.0)% 
4,060,326  
186,309  
4.6% 
0.7% 
Total...................................  
14,253,848 
820,673 
5.8% 
(5.8)% 
15,302,779  
1,526,915  
10.0% 
6.1% 
Deposits and other on-
demand liabilities  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................  
71,077 
33,201 
46.7% 
30.1% 
550,176  
38,525  
7.0% 
3.0% 
UF .......................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
80,917  
3,684  
4.6% 
0.6% 
Foreign currency ..................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ....................................  
2,397,310 
55,678 
2.3% 
(8.1)% 
1,705,611  
262,697  
15.4% 
13.8% 
Total.......................................  
2,468,387 
88,879 
3.6% 
(7.0)% 
2,336,704  
304,906  
13.0% 
10.8% 
Central Bank of Chile 
borrowings  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................  
4,562,204 
23,270 
0.5% 
(10.9)% 
4,545,387  
23,289  
0.5% 
-3.3% 
UF .......................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
— 
Total...................................  
4,562,204 
23,270 
0.5% 
(10.9)% 
4,545,387  
23,289  
— 
— 
Securities sold under 
repurchase  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................  
86,606 
14,731 
17.0% 
3.7% 
117,405  
29,501  
25.1% 
20.4% 
UF .......................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
1,508  
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................  
91,783 
2,153 
2.3% 
(8.1)% 
137,115  
11,196  
8.2% 
6.7% 
CNB ....................................  
57,849 
701 
1.2% 
(10.3)% 
66,036  
1,870  
2.8% 
(1.0)% 
Total...................................  
236,238 
17,585 
7.4% 
(4.3)% 
320,556  
44,075  
13.7% 
10.1% 
Bond  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage finance  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
— 
UF .......................................  
2,489 
406 
16.3% 
3.1% 
1,036  
120  
11.6% 
7.4% 
Foreign currency ..................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
—  
—  
— 
— 
Total...................................  
2,489 
406 
16.3% 
3.1% 
1,036  
120  
11.6% 
7.4% 
Other bonds  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................  
288,082 
20,634 
7.2% 
(5.0)% 
464,653  
35,193  
7.6% 
3.5% 
UF .......................................  
4,573,050 
876,605 
19.2% 
5.6% 
6,458,094  
452,276  
7.0% 
3.0% 
Foreign currency ..................  
2,960,839 
79,900 
2.7% 
(7.8)% 
2,510,390  
68,920  
2.7% 
1.3% 
Total...................................  
7,821,971 
977,139 
12.5% 
0.2% 
9,433,137  
556,389  
5.9% 
2.6% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other interest bearing 
liabilities  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................  
2,172,640 
67,658 
3.1% 
(8.6)% 
74,343  
154,325  
207.6% 
196.0% 
UF .......................................  
2,475,969 
21,275 
0.9% 
(10.6)% 
177,749  
41,879  
23.6% 
18.9% 
Foreign currency ..................  
614,515 
16,630 
2.7% 
(7.7)% 
420,821  
-111,210  
(26.4)% 
(27.4)% 
CNB ....................................  
1,660,880 
37,361 
2.2% 
(9.4)% 
1,525,448  
425,202  
27.9% 
23.1% 
Total...................................  
6,924,004 
142,924 
2.1% 
(9.4)% 
2,198,361  
510,196  
23.2% 
18.9% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total interest bearing 
liabilities  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................  
14,549,230 
785,988 
5.4% 
(6.6)% 
14,824,011  
1,236,074  
8.3% 
4.3% 
UF .......................................  
7,504,111 
956,942 
12.8% 
— 
7,636,459  
574,943  
7.5% 
3.5% 
Foreign currency ..................  
11,152,316 
285,010 
2.6% 
(7.9)% 
6,025,680  
541,492  
9.0% 
7.5% 
CNB ....................................  
3,063,484 
42,936 
1.4% 
(10.1)% 
5,651,810  
613,381  
10.9% 
6.7% 
Total...................................  
36,269,141  
2,070,876  
5.7% 
(5.9)% 
34,137,960  
2,965,890  
8.7% 
5.1%

--- Page 140 ---
128 
 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
NON-INTEREST BEARING 
LIABILITIES 
Average 
balance 
Interest 
paid and accrued 
Average 
nominal 
rate 
Average 
real rate 
Average 
balance 
Interest 
paid and accrued 
Average 
nominal 
rate 
Average 
real rate 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except for rate data) 
Deposits and other liabilities 
payable on demand 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Deposits and other on-demand 
liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................  
8,680,428 
— 
— 
— 
7,246,411  
— 
— 
— 
UF .......................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
50  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................  
15,251,589 
— 
— 
— 
13,927,539  
— 
— 
— 
Total...................................  
23,932,017 
— 
— 
— 
21,174,000  
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial derivatives 
instruments  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................  
5,495,768 
— 
— 
— 
6,755,686  
— 
— 
— 
UF .......................................  
110,296 
— 
— 
— 
1,375,127  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................  
284,879 
— 
— 
— 
404,536  
— 
— 
— 
CNB ....................................  
51,422 
— 
— 
— 
85,920  
— 
— 
— 
Total...................................  
5,942,365 
— 
— 
— 
8,621,269  
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other non-interest bearing 
liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................  
1,297,393 
— 
— 
— 
1,720,059  
— 
— 
— 
UF .......................................  
387,656 
— 
— 
— 
116,279  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................  
2,268,035 
— 
— 
— 
7,296,498  
— 
— 
— 
Total...................................  
3,953,084 
— 
— 
— 
9,132,836  
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total non-interest bearing 
liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................  
15,473,589 
— 
— 
— 
15,722,156  
— 
— 
— 
UF .......................................  
497,952 
— 
— 
— 
1,491,456  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................  
17,804,503 
— 
— 
— 
21,628,573  
— 
— 
— 
CNB ....................................  
51,422 
— 
— 
— 
85,920  
— 
— 
— 
Total...................................  
33,827,466 
— 
— 
— 
38,928,105  
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................  
2,288,666 
— 
— 
— 
2,978,001  
— 
— 
— 
UF .......................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
-  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
-  
— 
— 
— 
CNB ....................................  
1,632,306 
— 
— 
— 
1,732,066  
— 
— 
— 
Total...................................  
3,920,972 
— 
— 
— 
4,710,067  
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total shareholders’ equity 
and liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................  
32,311,485 
785,988 
2.4% 
— 
33,524,168  
1,236,074  
3.7% 
— 
UF .......................................  
8,002,063 
956,942 
12.0% 
— 
9,127,915  
574,943  
6.3% 
— 
Foreign currency ..................  
28,956,819 
285,010 
1.0% 
— 
27,654,253  
541,492  
2.0% 
— 
CNB ....................................  
4,747,212 
42,936 
0.9% 
— 
7,469,796  
613,381  
8.2% 
— 
Total...................................  
74,017,579 
2,070,876 
2.8% 
— 
77,776,132  
2,965,890  
3.8% 
— 
 
 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
INTEREST EARNING 
ASSETS 
Average balance 
Interest income 
Average nominal 
rate 
Average real 
rate 
Average balance 
Interest income 
Average nominal 
rate 
Average real rate 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except for rate data) 
Commercial loans  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Commercial loans ..................... 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
6,852,313 
270,727 
4.0% 
(3.0)% 
6,657,972 
480,323 
7.2% 
(5.0)% 
UF .......................................... 
4,282,987 
377,329 
8.8% 
1.5% 
4,699,786 
711,350 
15.1% 
2.1% 
Foreign currency ..................... 
1,978,847 
66,132 
3.3% 
14.5% 
3,023,068 
126,575 
4.2% 
(6.4)% 
CNB commercial loans ............. 
7,637,636 
344,340 
4.5% 
(2.5)% 
10,243,600 
512,007 
5.0% 
(6.9)% 
Total ................................... 
20,751,783 
1,058,528 
5.1% 
(0.2)% 
24,624,426 
1,830,255 
7.4% 
(4.6)% 
Foreign trade loans  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
32,819 
1,033 
3.1% 
(3.8)% 
34,972 
2,882 
8.2% 
(4.0)% 
UF .......................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................... 
888,347 
24,119 
2.7% 
13.8% 
1,270,094 
55,076 
4.3% 
(6.3)% 
Total ................................... 
921,166 
25,152 
2.7% 
13.2% 
1,305,066 
57,958 
4.4% 
(6.2)% 
Checking accounts  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
125,921 
16,798 
13.3% 
5.7% 
183,010 
33,192 
18.1% 
4.7% 
UF .......................................... 
 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................... 
11,387 
— 
— 
— 
1,948 
220 
11.3% 
— 
Total ................................... 
137,308 
16,798 
12.2% 
5.3% 
184,958 
33,412 
18.1% 
4.7% 
Loans to college students 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
3,374 
184 
5.5% 
(1.6)% 
2,489 
144 
5.8% 
(6.2)% 
UF .......................................... 
1,268 
36 
2.8% 
(4.1)% 
132,388 
22,543 
17.0% 
3.7% 
Foreign currency ..................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ................................... 
4,642 
220 
4.7% 
(2.3)% 
134,877 
22,687 
16.8% 
3.6% 
Factoring operations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
627,104 
25,162 
4.0% 
(3.0)% 
741,887 
81,121 
10.9% 
(1.7)% 
UF .......................................... 
17,931 
5,132 
28.6% 
20.0% 
10,649 
6,678 
62.7% 
44.2% 
Foreign currency ..................... 
226,156 
1,472 
0.7% 
11.6% 
376,405 
5,096 
1.4% 
(9.0)% 
Total ................................... 
871,191 
31,766 
3.6% 
1.3% 
1,128,941 
92,895 
8.2% 
(3.7)% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Leasing transactions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
607,918 
38,458 
6.3% 
(0.8)% 
633,739 
52,419 
8.3% 
(4.0)% 
UF .......................................... 
468,129 
48,263 
10.3% 
2.9% 
488,019 
81,059 
16.6% 
3.4% 
Foreign currency ..................... 
422,391 
31,724 
7.5% 
19.2% 
441,968 
45,844 
10.4% 
(0.9)% 
Total ......................................... 
1,498,438 
118,445 
7.9% 
6.0% 
1,563,726 
179,322 
11.5% 
(0.8)% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other loans and receivables 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
52,380 
6,694 
12.8% 
5.2% 
57,834 
8,956 
15.5% 
2.4% 
UF .......................................... 
136,477 
15,554 
11.4% 
3.9% 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
6,510 
— 
— 
— 
Total ................................... 
188,857 
22,248 
11.8% 
4.3% 
64,344 
8,956 
13.9% 
2.1% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
10,468 
671 
6.4% 
(0.7)% 
9,291 
595 
6.4% 
(5.7)% 
UF .......................................... 
8,026,017 
727,544 
9.1% 
1.7% 
9,344,133 
1,413,055 
15.1% 
2.1% 
Foreign currency ..................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
CNB mortgage loans .............. 
1,716,379 
1,207 
0.1% 
(6.7)% 
2,630,092 
2,377 
0.1% 
(11.3)%

--- Page 141 ---
129 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
INTEREST EARNING 
ASSETS 
Average balance 
Interest income 
Average nominal 
rate 
Average real 
rate 
Average balance 
Interest income 
Average nominal 
rate 
Average real rate 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except for rate data) 
Total ................................... 
9,752,864 
729,422 
7.5% 
0.3% 
11,983,516 
1,416,027 
11.8% 
(0.9)% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans in installment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
1,952,085 
209,127 
10.7% 
3.3% 
1,939,184 
221,225 
11.4% 
(1.2)% 
UF .......................................... 
30,005 
3,188 
10.6% 
3.2% 
22,227 
3,708 
16.7% 
3.4% 
Foreign currency ..................... 
25,319 
1,359 
5.4% 
16.8% 
— 
— 
— 
— 
CNB consumer loans .............. 
6,206 
478 
7.7% 
0.5% 
3,836 
1,698 
44.3% 
27.9% 
Total ................................... 
2,013,615 
214,152 
10.6% 
3.4% 
1,965,247 
226,631 
11.5% 
(1.2)% 
Checking accounts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
68,004 
19,940 
29.3% 
20.6% 
92,752 
33,536 
36.2% 
20.7% 
UF .......................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ................................... 
68,004 
19,940 
29.3% 
20.6% 
92,752 
33,536 
36.2% 
20.7% 
Credit card borrowers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
1,202,660 
174,081 
14.5% 
6.8% 
1,466,234 
245,849 
16.8% 
3.5% 
UF .......................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ................................... 
1,202,660 
174,081 
14.5% 
6.8% 
1,466,234 
245,849 
16.8% 
3.5% 
Consumer leasing transactions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
382 
27 
7.1% 
(0.1)% 
293 
25 
8.5% 
(3.8)% 
UF .......................................... 
111 
11 
9.9% 
2.5% 
48 
9 
18.8% 
5.3% 
Foreign currency ..................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ................................... 
493 
38 
7.7% 
0.5% 
341 
34 
10.0% 
(2.5)% 
Other loans and receivables  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
746 
260 
34.9% 
19.6% 
UF .......................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................... 
30,611 
4,918 
16.1% 
28.6% 
46,970 
8,798 
18.7% 
6.6% 
Total ................................... 
30,611 
4,918 
16.1% 
28.6% 
47,716 
9,058 
19.0% 
6.9% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans and Receivables to 
banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
UF .......................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................... 
427,714 
6,394 
1.5% 
12.5% 
748,440 
21,613 
2.9% 
(7.6)% 
Total ................................... 
427,714 
6,394 
1.5% 
12.5% 
748,440 
21,613 
2.9% 
(7.6)% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investments  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
3,963,536 
8,517 
0.2% 
(6.5)% 
4,987,375 
248,053 
5.0% 
(6.9)% 
UF .......................................... 
1,228,793 
101,497 
8.3% 
1.0% 
2,193,884 
228,762 
10.4% 
(2.1)% 
Foreign currency ..................... 
1,172,366 
21,095 
1.8% 
12.8% 
25,611 
— 
— 
— 
CNB investments ................... 
3,922,848 
52,243 
1.3% 
(5.5)% 
5,452,127 
184,200 
3.4% 
(8.4)% 
Total ................................... 
10,287,543 
183,352 
1.8% 
(3.0)% 
12,658,997 
661,015 
5.2% 
(6.7)% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other assets  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
1,204,512 
93,379 
7.8% 
0.5% 
850,001 
(650,637) 
(76.5)% 
(79.2)% 
UF .......................................... 
8,196 
(340,037) 
(4,148.8)% 
(3,876.9)% 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................... 
761,394 
337 
0.0% 
10.9% 
1,353,989 
191,913 
14.2% 
2.6% 
CNB ...................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total ................................... 
1,974,102 
(246,321) 
(12.5)% 
(11.6)% 
2,203,990 
(458,724) 
(20.8)% 
(29.0)% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total interest earning assets  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
16,703,476 
864,798 
5.2% 
(1.9)% 
17,662,610 
758,013 
4.3% 
(7.5)% 
UF .......................................... 
14,199,914 
938,517 
6.6% 
(0.6)% 
16,891,134 
2,467,164 
14.6% 
1.6% 
Foreign currency ..................... 
5,944,532 
157,550 
2.7% 
13.8% 
7,295,003 
455,134 
6.2% 
(4.6)% 
CNB ...................................... 
13,283,069 
398,268 
3.0% 
(3.9)% 
18,329,655 
700,282 
3.8% 
(8.0)% 
Total ................................... 
50,130,991 
2,359,133 
4.7% 
(0.2)% 
60,178,402 
4,380,593 
7.3% 
(4.7)% 
 
 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
NON-INTEREST EARNING 
ASSETS 
Average balance 
Interest income 
Average nominal 
rate 
Average real 
rate 
Average balance 
Interest income 
Average nominal rate 
Average real rate 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except for rate data) 
Cash and due from banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
666,538 
— 
— 
— 
753,502 
— 
— 
— 
UF .......................................... 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................... 
1,224,542 
— 
— 
— 
810,372 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ....................................... 
1,201,400 
— 
— 
— 
1,201,401 
— 
— 
— 
Total...................................... 
3,092,480 
— 
— 
— 
2,765,275 
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allowance for loan losses 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
(644,254) 
— 
— 
— 
(638,378) 
— 
— 
— 
UF .......................................... 
 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................... 
(15,526) 
— 
— 
— 
(74,353) 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ....................................... 
(78,732) 
— 
— 
— 
(123,126) 
— 
— 
— 
Total...................................... 
(738,512) 
— 
— 
— 
(835,857) 
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative Financial Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
4,691,097 
— 
— 
— 
7,990,218 
— 
— 
— 
UF .......................................... 
4,978 
— 
— 
— 
25,257 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................... 
99,508 
— 
— 
— 
232,891 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ....................................... 
76,931 
— 
— 
— 
72,528 
— 
— 
— 
Total...................................... 
4,872,514 
— 
— 
— 
8,320,894 
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Property, plant and equipment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
217,961 
— 
— 
— 
215,268 
— 
— 
— 
UF .......................................... 
106,469 
— 
— 
— 
91,426 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................... 
3,202 
— 
— 
— 
4,810 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ....................................... 
109,776 
— 
— 
— 
111,895 
— 
— 
— 
Total...................................... 
437,408 
— 
— 
— 
423,399 
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
225,545 
— 
— 
— 
263,626 
— 
— 
— 
UF .......................................... 
359,172 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................... 
46,012 
— 
— 
— 
232,916 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ....................................... 
23,646 
— 
— 
— 
153,073 
— 
— 
— 
Total...................................... 
654,375 
— 
— 
— 
649,615 
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
844,164 
— 
— 
— 
949,571 
— 
— 
—

--- Page 142 ---
130 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
NON-INTEREST EARNING 
ASSETS 
Average balance 
Interest income 
Average nominal 
rate 
Average real 
rate 
Average balance 
Interest income 
Average nominal rate 
Average real rate 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except for rate data) 
UF .......................................... 
 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................... 
15,889 
— 
— 
— 
157,717 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ....................................... 
648,427 
— 
— 
— 
368,007 
— 
— 
— 
Total...................................... 
1,508,480 
— 
— 
— 
1,475,295 
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total non-interest earning assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
6,001,051 
— 
— 
— 
9,533,807 
— 
— 
— 
UF .......................................... 
470,619 
— 
— 
— 
116,683 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ..................... 
1,373,627 
— 
— 
— 
1,364,353 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ....................................... 
1,981,448 
— 
— 
— 
1,783,778 
— 
— 
— 
Total...................................... 
9,826,745 
— 
— 
— 
12,798,621 
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total assets(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ ......................................... 
22,704,527 
864,798 
3.8% 
— 
27,196,417 
758,013 
2.8% 
— 
UF .......................................... 
14,670,533 
938,517 
6.4% 
— 
17,007,817 
2,467,164 
14.5% 
— 
Foreign currency ..................... 
7,318,159 
157,550 
2.2% 
— 
8,659,356 
455,134 
5.3% 
— 
CNB ....................................... 
15,264,517 
398,268 
2.6% 
— 
20,113,433 
700,282 
3.5% 
— 
Total...................................... 
59,957,736 
2,359,133 
3.9% 
— 
72,977,023 
4,380,593 
6.0% 
— 
 
(1) 
Total assets represent total interest earning assets and non-interest earning assets. 
 
 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
INTEREST BEARING 
LIABILITIES 
Average balance 
Interest paid and 
accrued 
Average nominal 
rate 
Average real 
rate 
Average balance 
Interest paid and 
accrued 
Average nominal 
rate 
Average real rate 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except for rate data) 
Time deposits and other 
borrowings  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Time deposits 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .....................................  
13,882,084 
76,435 
0.6% 
(6.2)% 
7,368,621 
626,494 
8.5% 
(3.8)% 
UF ......................................  
57,343 
4,024 
7.0% 
(0.2)% 
452,603 
58,656 
13.0% 
0.1% 
Foreign currency .................  
4,871,207 
7,056 
0.1% 
11.0% 
5,087,869 
130,649 
2.6% 
(7.9)% 
CNB ...................................  
641,527 
26,108 
4.1% 
(2.9)% 
1,344,755 
4,874 
0.4% 
(11.0)% 
Total..................................  
19,452,161 
113,623 
0.6% 
(1.8)% 
14,253,848 
820,673 
5.8% 
(5.8)% 
Savings accounts  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .....................................  
 
 
 
 
71,077 
33,201 
46.7% 
30.1% 
UF ......................................  
61,667 
3,975 
6.4% 
(0.7)% 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .................  
 
 
 
 
— 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ...................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
2,397,310 
55,678 
2.3% 
(8.1)% 
Total......................................  
61,667 
3,975 
6.4% 
(0.7)% 
2,468,387 
88,879 
3.6% 
(7.0)% 
Central Bank of Chile 
borrowings  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .....................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
4,562,204 
23,270 
0.5% 
(10.9)% 
UF ......................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total..................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
4,562,204 
23,270 
0.5% 
(10.9)% 
Liabilities under agreements 
to repurchase  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .....................................  
126,330 
830 
0.7% 
(6.1)% 
86,606 
14,731 
17.0% 
3.7% 
UF ......................................  
17,103 
7,398 
43.3% 
33.6% 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .................  
40,610 
365 
0.9% 
11.8% 
91,783 
2,153 
2.3% 
(8.1)% 
CNB ...................................  
70,255 
518 
0.7% 
(6.0)% 
57,849 
701 
1.2% 
(10.3)% 
Total..................................  
254,298 
9,111 
3.6% 
(0.5)% 
236,238 
17,585 
7.4% 
(4.3)% 
Bond  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage finance  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .....................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
UF ......................................  
4,665 
511 
11.0% 
3.5% 
2,489 
406 
16.3% 
3.1% 
Foreign currency .................  
— 
— 
0.0% 
0.0% 
— 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ...................................  
— 
— 
0.0% 
0.0% 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total..................................  
4,665 
511 
11.0% 
3.5% 
2,489 
406 
16.3% 
3.1% 
Other bonds  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .....................................  
257,646 
11,983 
4.7% 
(2.4)% 
288,082 
20,634 
7.2% 
(5.0)% 
UF ......................................  
5,709,403 
490,708 
8.6% 
1.3% 
4,573,050 
876,605 
19.2% 
5.6% 
Foreign currency .................  
2,108,225 
54,890 
2.6% 
13.7% 
2,960,839 
79,900 
2.7% 
(7.8)% 
CNB ...................................  
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total..................................  
8,075,274 
557,581 
6.9% 
4.4% 
7,821,971 
977,139 
12.5% 
0.2% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other interest bearing 
liabilities  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .....................................  
4,827,635 
16,177 
0.3% 
(6.4)% 
2,172,640 
67,658 
3.1% 
(8.6)% 
UF ......................................  
848,107 
40,427 
4.8% 
(2.3)% 
2,475,969 
21,275 
0.9% 
(10.6)% 
Foreign currency .................  
1,690,163 
13,429 
0.8% 
11.7% 
614,515 
16,630 
2.7% 
(7.7)% 
CNB ...................................  
857,301 
6,777 
0.8% 
(6.0)% 
1,660,880 
37,361 
2.2% 
(9.4)% 
Total..................................  
8,223,206 
76,810 
0.9% 
(2.2)% 
6,924,004 
142,924 
2.1% 
(9.4)% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total interest bearing 
liabilities  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .....................................  
19,093,695 
105,425 
0.6% 
(6.2)% 
14,549,230 
785,988 
5.4% 
(6.6)% 
UF ......................................  
6,698,288 
547,043 
8.2% 
0.9% 
7,504,111 
956,942 
12.8% 
— 
Foreign currency .................  
8,710,205 
75,740 
0.9% 
11.8% 
11,152,316 
285,010 
2.6% 
(7.9)% 
CNB ...................................  
1,569,083 
33,403 
2.1% 
(4.7)% 
3,063,484 
42,936 
1.4% 
(10.1)% 
Total..................................  
36,071,271 
761,611 
2.1% 
(0.5)% 
36,269,141  
2,070,876  
5.7% 
(5.9)% 
 
 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
NON-INTEREST BEARING 
LIABILITIES 
Average 
balance 
Interest 
paid and accrued 
Average 
nominal 
rate 
Average 
real rate 
Average 
balance 
Interest 
paid and accrued 
Average 
nominal 
rate 
Average 
real rate 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except for rate data) 
Current accounts and 
demand deposits 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Non interest bearing demand 
deposits 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .....................................  
1,705,545 
— 
— 
— 
8,680,428 
— 
— 
— 
UF ......................................  
50 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .................  
337,238 
— 
— 
— 
15,251,589 
— 
— 
—

--- Page 143 ---
131 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
NON-INTEREST BEARING 
LIABILITIES 
Average 
balance 
Interest 
paid and accrued 
Average 
nominal 
rate 
Average 
real rate 
Average 
balance 
Interest 
paid and accrued 
Average 
nominal 
rate 
Average 
real rate 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except for rate data) 
CNB ...................................  
909,096 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total..................................  
2,951,929 
— 
— 
— 
23,932,017 
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Checking accounts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .....................................  
224,737 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
UF ......................................  
 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .................  
 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ...................................  
11,407,397 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total..................................  
11,632,134 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative financial liabilities  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .....................................  
4,310,786 
— 
— 
— 
5,495,768 
— 
— 
— 
UF ......................................  
232,736 
— 
— 
— 
110,296 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .................  
107,354 
— 
— 
— 
284,879 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ...................................  
54,223 
— 
— 
— 
51,422 
— 
— 
— 
Total..................................  
4,705,099 
— 
— 
— 
5,942,365 
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other non-interest bearing 
liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .....................................  
838,764 
— 
— 
— 
1,297,393 
— 
— 
— 
UF ......................................  
131,509 
— 
— 
— 
387,656 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .................  
66,417 
— 
— 
— 
2,268,035 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ...................................  
180,694 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total..................................  
1,217,384 
— 
— 
— 
3,953,084 
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
— 
— 
 
 
— 
— 
Total non-interest bearing 
liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .....................................  
7,079,832 
— 
— 
— 
15,473,589 
— 
— 
— 
UF ......................................  
364,295 
— 
— 
— 
497,952 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .................  
511,009 
— 
— 
— 
17,804,503 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ...................................  
12,551,410 
— 
— 
— 
51,422 
— 
— 
— 
Total..................................  
20,506,546 
— 
— 
— 
33,827,466 
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shareholders equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .....................................  
1,782,891 
— 
— 
— 
2,288,666 
— 
— 
— 
UF ......................................  
 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .................  
 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
CNB ...................................  
1,597,028 
— 
— 
— 
1,632,306 
— 
— 
— 
Total..................................  
3,379,919 
— 
— 
— 
3,920,972 
— 
— 
— 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total liabilities and 
shareholders’ equity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ch$ .....................................  
27,956,418 
105,425 
0.4% 
— 
32,311,485 
785,988 
2.4% 
— 
UF ......................................  
7,062,583 
547,043 
7.7% 
— 
8,002,063 
956,942 
12.0% 
— 
Foreign currency .................  
9,221,214 
75,740 
0.8% 
— 
28,956,819 
285,010 
1.0% 
— 
CNB ...................................  
15,717,521 
33,403 
0.2% 
— 
4,747,212 
42,936 
0.9% 
— 
Total..................................  
59,957,736 
761,611 
1.3% 
— 
74,017,579 
2,070,876 
2.8% 
— 
 
 
Interest Earning Assets - Net Interest Margin 
The following table analyzes, by currency of denomination, our levels of average interest earning assets and net 
interest, and illustrates the comparative margins realized, for each of the years indicated: 
 
 
 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Total average interest earning assets 
  
 
  
Ch$ ..............................................  
16,272,591 
17,662,610 
17,822,920  
UF................................................  
14,211,443 
16,891,134 
18,345,624  
Foreign currency..........................  
5,984,568 
7,295,003 
5,848,606  
CNB ............................................  
13,286,033 
18,329,655 
19,035,779  
Total ......................................  
49,754,635 
60,178,402 
61,052,929  
 
 
 
 
Net interest and inflation-indexation 
income(1) 
  
 
 
Ch$ ..............................................  
436,711 
5,226 
742,086  
UF................................................  
817,736 
1,477,021 
827,924  
Foreign currency..........................  
81,218 
225,803 
97,845  
CNB ............................................  
364,746 
601,668 
353,455  
Total ......................................  
1,700,411 
2,309,718 
2,021,310  
 
 
 
 
Net interest margin(2), nominal basis 
  
  
  
Ch$ ..............................................  
2.7% 
0.0% 
4.2% 
UF................................................  
5.8% 
8.7% 
4.5% 
Foreign currency..........................  
1.4% 
3.1% 
1.7% 
CNB ............................................  
2.7% 
3.3% 
1.9% 
Total ......................................  
3.4% 
3.8% 
3.3%

--- Page 144 ---
132 
 
(1) 
Interest income and inflation-indexation income less interest expenses and inflation-indexation expenses. 
(2) 
Net interest income and Net inflation-indexation income as a percentage of average interest earning assets. 
Changes in Net Interest and Net Inflation-Indexation Income and Interest Expense - Volume and Rate Analysis 
For the years 2022 and 2023 
The following tables allocate, by currency of denomination, changes in our net interest and net inflation-indexation 
income and interest expense between changes in the average volume of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities 
and changes in their respective nominal interest rates for 2022 compared to 2023. Volume and rate variances have been 
calculated based on movements in average balances over the period and changes in nominal interest rates on average interest 
earning assets and average interest bearing liabilities.  
 
Increase (decrease) 
from 2022 to 2023 
Net change from 
2022 to 2023 
 
Volume 
Rate 
Change 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
INTEREST EARNING ASSETS  
 
 
 
Commercial loans 
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
(25,018)  
163,667  
137,700  
UF .............................................................................  
31,634  
(310,623)  
(280,671)  
Foreign currency .......................................................  
(376,923)  
485,888  
109,359  
CNB commercial loans .............................................  
54,102  
111,007  
165,282  
Total .......................................................................  
(316,205)  
449,939  
131,670  
 
 
 
 
Foreign trade loans 
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
(55)  
786  
716  
UF .............................................................................  
-  
-  
-  
Foreign currency .......................................................  
31,802  
38,416  
69,756  
Total .......................................................................  
31,747  
39,202  
70,472  
 
 
 
 
Checking accounts   
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
(9,323)  
14,546  
5,156  
UF .............................................................................  
-  
-  
-  
Foreign currency .......................................................  
(397,188)  
397,172  
(16)  
Total .......................................................................  
(406,511)  
411,718  
5,140  
 
 
 
 
Loans to college students  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
(68)  
(17)  
(85)  
UF .............................................................................  
(1,269)  
(9,537)  
(10,843)  
Foreign currency .......................................................  
-  
-  
-  
Total .......................................................................  
(1,337)  
(9,554)  
(10,928)  
 
Factoring operations   
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
7,997  
19,684  
27,426  
UF .............................................................................  
3,687  
(11,858)  
(8,172)  
Foreign currency .......................................................  
(1,121)  
2,373  
1,426  
Total .......................................................................  
10,563  
10,199  
20,680  
 
Leasing transactions  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
(9,265)  
20,479  
11,395  
UF .............................................................................  
15,140  
(35,490)  
(20,398)  
Foreign currency .......................................................  
(876)  
(27,482)  
(28,238)  
Total .......................................................................  
4,999  
(42,493)  
(37,241)  
 
Credit card borrowers  
 
 
 
Ch$ .........................................................................  
1,788  
198  
1,995  
UF...........................................................................  
-  
-  
-  
Foreign currency.....................................................  
-  
-  
-  
Total .......................................................................  
1,788  
198  
1,995  
 
Other loans and receivables  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
-  
(67)  
(69) 
UF .............................................................................  
-  
-  
-

--- Page 145 ---
133 
 
Increase (decrease) 
from 2022 to 2023 
Net change from 
2022 to 2023 
 
Volume 
Rate 
Change 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Foreign currency .......................................................  
-  
-  
-  
Total .......................................................................  
-  
(67)  
(69)  
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
(64)  
12  
(53)  
UF .............................................................................  
66,655  
(686,370)  
(621,806)  
Foreign currency .......................................................  
-  
-  
-  
CNB mortgage loans .................................................  
(26,194)  
140,234  
114,293  
Total .......................................................................  
40,397  
(546,124)  
(507,566)  
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans 
 
 
 
Consumer loans in installment  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
(21,699)  
29,751  
7,894  
UF .............................................................................  
(910)  
(1,579)  
(2,485)  
Foreign currency .......................................................  
-  
-  
-  
CNB consumer loans .................................................  
1,807  
(900)  
908  
Total .......................................................................  
(20,802)  
27,272  
6,317  
 
Checking accounts   
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
6,801  
3,325  
10,166  
UF .............................................................................  
-  
-  
-  
Foreign currency .......................................................  
-  
-  
-  
Total .......................................................................  
6,801  
3,325  
10,166  
 
Credit card borrowers  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
(28,164)  
51,186  
23,501  
UF .............................................................................  
-  
-  
-  
Foreign currency .......................................................  
-  
-  
-  
Total .......................................................................  
(28,164)  
51,186  
23,501  
 
Consumer leasing transactions   
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
(4)  
9  
5  
UF ..............................................................................  
-  
(9)  
(9)  
Foreign currency ........................................................  
6  
-  
6  
Total .......................................................................  
2  
-  
2  
 
Other loans and receivables  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
89  
56  
145  
UF ..............................................................................  
-  
-  
-  
Foreign currency ........................................................  
(2,032)  
(3,734)  
(5,781)  
Total .......................................................................  
(1,943)  
(3,678) 
(5,636)  
 
 
 
 
Interbank loans  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
-  
-  
-  
UF ..............................................................................  
-  
-  
-  
Foreign currency ........................................................  
(4,813)  
17,515  
12,794  
Total .......................................................................  
(4,813)  
17,515  
12,794  
  
 
 
 
Investments  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
32,581  
97,528  
131,425  
UF ..............................................................................  
4,295  
(123,610)  
(119,913)  
Foreign currency ........................................................  
156,153  
7,575  
163,728  
CNB investments .......................................................  
8,610  
(23,711)  
(13,929)  
Total .......................................................................  
201,639  
(42,218)  
161,311  
  
 
 
 
Other assets  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
53,173  
809,271  
862,830  
UF ..............................................................................  
-  
-  
-  
Foreign currency ........................................................  
(18,788)  
(120,398)  
(138,832)  
CNB ...........................................................................  
-  
-  
-  
Total .......................................................................  
34,385  
688,873  
723,998

--- Page 146 ---
134 
 
Increase (decrease) 
from 2022 to 2023 
Net change from 
2022 to 2023 
 
Volume 
Rate 
Change 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Total interest earning assets  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
8,769  
1,210,414  
1,220,147  
UF ..............................................................................  
119,231 
(1,179,074)  
(1,064,297)  
Foreign currency ........................................................  
(613,780)  
797,326  
184,202  
CNB ...........................................................................  
38,325  
226,629  
266,554  
Total .......................................................................  
(447,455)  
1,055,295  
606,606

--- Page 147 ---
135 
 
Increase (decrease) 
from 2022 to 2023 
Net change from 2022 
to 2023 
 
Volume 
Rate 
Change 
INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
Deposits and other term deposits 
  
  
  
Ch$ ..............................................................................  
179,362  
149,546  
328,747  
UF................................................................................  
38,291  
(21,653)  
16,820  
Foreign currency..........................................................  
(949,694)  
1,127,299  
179,240  
CNB ............................................................................  
124,605  
56,325  
181,435  
Total ........................................................................  
(607,436)  
1,311,517  
706,242  
Deposits and other on-demand liabilities 
 
 
 
Ch$ ..............................................................................  
33,548  
(28,216)  
5,324  
UF................................................................................  
3,684  
-  
3,684  
Foreign currency..........................................................  
(106,535)  
314,094  
207,019  
Total ........................................................................  
(69,303)  
285,878  
216,027  
Central Bank of Chile borrowings 
 
 
 
Ch$ ..............................................................................  
(86)  
564  
19  
UF 
-  
-  
-  
Foreign currency..........................................................  
-  
-  
-  
Total ........................................................................  
(86)  
564  
19  
Securities sold under repurchase 
 
 
 
Ch$ ..............................................................................  
7,739  
7,039  
14,770  
UF................................................................................  
-  
-  
1,508  
Foreign currency..........................................................  
3,702  
5,383  
9,043  
CNB ............................................................................  
232  
944  
1,169  
Total ........................................................................  
11,673  
13,366  
26,490  
Bond 
 
 
 
Mortgage finance 
 
 
 
Ch$ ..............................................................................  
-  
-  
-  
UF................................................................................  
(168)  
(117)  
(286)  
Foreign currency..........................................................  
-  
-  
-  
Total ........................................................................  
(168)  
(117)  
(286)  
Other bonds 
 
 
 
Ch$ ..............................................................................  
13,374  
1,078  
14,559  
UF................................................................................  
132,014  
(557,764)  
(424,329)  
Foreign currency..........................................................  
(12,367)  
1,344  
(10,980)  
Total ........................................................................  
133,021  
(555,342)  
(420,750)  
Other interest bearing liabilities 
 
 
 
Ch$ ..............................................................................  
(4,355,752)  
4,442,725  
86,667  
UF................................................................................  
(541,478)  
561,073  
20,604  
Foreign currency..........................................................  
51,187  
(178,989)  
(127,840)  
CNB ............................................................................  
(37,750)  
426,413  
387,841  
Total ........................................................................  
(4,883,793)  
5,251,222  
367,272  
  
 
 
 
Total interest bearing liabilities 
 
 
 
Ch$ ..............................................................................  
(4,121,816)  
4,572,736  
450,086  
UF................................................................................  
(367,657)  
(18,461)  
(381,999)  
Foreign currency..........................................................  
(1,013,707)  
1,269,131  
256,482  
CNB ............................................................................  
87,086  
483,682  
570,445  
Total ........................................................................  
(5,416,094)  
6,307,088  
895,014  
 
 
For the years 2021 and 2022 
The following tables allocate, by currency of denomination, changes in our net interest and net inflation-indexation 
income and interest expense between changes in the average volume of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities 
and changes in their respective nominal interest rates for 2021 compared to 2022. Volume and rate variances have been 
calculated based on movements in average balances over the period and changes in nominal interest rates on average interest 
earning assets and average interest bearing liabilities.

--- Page 148 ---
136 
 
Increase (decrease) 
from 2021 to 2022 
Net change from 
2021 to 2022 
 
Volume 
Rate 
Change 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
INTEREST EARNING ASSETS  
 
 
 
Commercial loans 
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
(13,768)  
227,510  
213,742  
UF .............................................................................  
63,086  
270,697  
333,783  
Foreign currency .......................................................  
40,134  
19,584  
59,718  
CNB commercial loans .............................................  
130,254  
38,777  
169,031  
Total .......................................................................  
219,706  
556,568  
776,274  
 
 
 
 
Foreign trade loans 
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
178  
1,512  
1,690  
UF .............................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .......................................................  
16,554  
14,152  
30,706  
Total .......................................................................  
16,732  
15,664  
32,396  
 
 
 
 
Checking accounts   
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
10,347  
6,040  
16,387  
UF .............................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .......................................................  
(1,066)  
1,125  
59  
Total .......................................................................  
9,281 
7,165 
16,446 
 
 
 
 
Loans to college students  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
(87) 
(23) 
(110) 
UF .............................................................................  
(912) 
7,885 
6,973 
Foreign currency .......................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Total .......................................................................  
(999) 
7,862 
6,863 
 
Factoring operations   
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
12,551 
39,414 
51,965 
UF .............................................................................  
(4,567) 
6,433 
1,866 
Foreign currency .......................................................  
2,034 
1,590 
3,624 
Total .......................................................................  
10,018 
47,437 
57,455 
 
Leasing transactions  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
2,136 
(8,713) 
(6,577) 
UF .............................................................................  
3,304 
29,492 
32,796 
Foreign currency .......................................................  
2,031 
12,089 
14,120 
Total .......................................................................  
7,471 
32,868 
40,339 
 
Other loans and receivables  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
24 
(260) 
(236) 
UF .............................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .......................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Total .......................................................................  
24 
(260) 
(236) 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
578 
17 
595 
UF .............................................................................  
198,617 
485,402 
684,019 
Foreign currency .......................................................  
— 
— 
— 
CNB mortgage loans .................................................  
823 
1,168 
1,991 
Total .......................................................................  
200,018 
486,587 
686,605 
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans 
 
 
 
Consumer loans in installment  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
(1,466) 
17,610 
16,144 
UF .............................................................................  
(1,298) 
1,817 
519 
Foreign currency .......................................................  
- 
- 
- 
CNB consumer loans .................................................  
(1,049) 
910 
(139) 
Total .......................................................................  
(3,813) 
20,337 
16,524 
 
Checking accounts   
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
9,143 
4,537 
13,680 
UF .............................................................................  
— 
— 
—

--- Page 149 ---
137 
 
Increase (decrease) 
from 2021 to 2022 
Net change from 
2021 to 2022 
 
Volume 
Rate 
Change 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Foreign currency .......................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Total .......................................................................  
9,143 
4,537 
13,680 
 
Credit card borrowers  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
44,194 
27,573 
71,767 
UF .............................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency .......................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Total .......................................................................  
44,194 
27,573 
71,767 
 
Consumer leasing transactions   
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
(8) 
6 
(2) 
UF ..............................................................................  
(12) 
10 
(2) 
Foreign currency ........................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Total .......................................................................  
(20) 
16 
(4) 
 
Other loans and receivables  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
260 
— 
260 
UF ..............................................................................  
 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ........................................................  
3,064 
785 
3,849 
Total .......................................................................  
3,324 
785 
4,109 
 
 
 
 
Interbank loans  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
UF ..............................................................................  
 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ........................................................  
9,276 
5,639 
14,915 
Total .......................................................................  
9,276 
5,639 
14,915 
  
 
 
 
Investments  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
48,386 
136,885 
185,271 
UF ..............................................................................  
99,068 
29,195 
128,263 
Foreign currency ........................................................  
— 
(20,748) 
(20,748) 
CNB investments .......................................................  
51,667 
80,290 
131,957 
Total .......................................................................  
199,121 
225,622 
424,743 
  
 
 
 
Other assets  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
(88,534) 
(252,419) 
(340,953) 
UF ..............................................................................  
 
— 
— 
Foreign currency ........................................................  
82,108 
109,518 
191,626 
CNB ...........................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Total .......................................................................  
(6,426) 
(142,901) 
(149,327) 
  
 
 
 
Total interest earning assets  
 
 
 
Ch$ ............................................................................  
59,654 
166,974 
226,628 
UF ..............................................................................  
391,382 
796,814 
1,188,196 
Foreign currency ........................................................  
81,758 
216,111 
297,869 
CNB ...........................................................................  
192,691 
110,149 
302,840 
Total .......................................................................  
725,485 
1,290,048 
2,015,533

--- Page 150 ---
138 
 
Increase (decrease) 
from 2021 to 2022  
Net change from 2021 
to 2022 
 
Volume 
Rate 
Change 
INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
Deposits and other term deposits 
  
  
  
Ch$ ..............................................................................  
87,718  
473,091  
560,809  
UF................................................................................  
43,233  
7,424  
50,657  
Foreign currency..........................................................  
53,520  
69,763  
123,283  
CNB ............................................................................  
2,549  
(2,549)  
-  
Total ........................................................................  
187,020 
547,729  
734,749  
Deposits and other on-demand liabilities 
 
 
 
Ch$ ..............................................................................  
2,682  
15,741  
18,423  
UF................................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency..........................................................  
12,304  
22,448  
34,752  
Total ........................................................................  
14,986  
38,189  
53,175  
Central Bank of Chile borrowings 
 
 
 
Ch$ ..............................................................................  
781  
302  
1,083  
UF 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency..........................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Total ........................................................................  
781  
302  
1,083  
Securities sold under repurchase 
 
 
 
Ch$ ..............................................................................  
(6,757)  
20,687  
13,930  
UF................................................................................  
- 
(7,398)  
(7,398)  
Foreign currency..........................................................  
1,200  
588  
1,788  
CNB ............................................................................  
(150) 
732  
582  
Total ........................................................................  
(5,707)  
14,609  
8,902  
Bond 
 
 
 
Mortgage finance 
 
 
 
Ch$ ..............................................................................  
— 
— 
— 
UF................................................................................  
(355) 
249  
(106)  
Foreign currency..........................................................  
— 
— 
— 
Total ........................................................................  
(355) 
249 
(106) 
Other bonds 
 
 
 
Ch$ ..............................................................................  
1,896  
6,755  
8,651  
UF................................................................................  
30,185  
355,712  
385,897  
Foreign currency..........................................................  
23,008  
2,003  
25,011  
Total ........................................................................  
55,089  
364,470  
419,559  
Other interest bearing liabilities 
 
 
 
Ch$ ..............................................................................  
65,015  
8,625  
73,640  
UF................................................................................  
6,698  
74,761  
81,459  
Foreign currency..........................................................  
6,562  
(3,360)  
3,202  
CNB ............................................................................  
18,076  
12,508  
30,584  
Total ........................................................................  
96,351  
92,534  
188,885  
  
 
 
 
Total interest bearing liabilities 
 
 
 
Ch$ ..............................................................................  
169,465 
488,648 
658,113 
UF................................................................................  
164,306 
364,626   
528,932 
Foreign currency..........................................................  
84,621 
68,663   
153,284  
CNB ............................................................................  
36,553  
29,365   
65,918 
Total ........................................................................  
454,945  
951,302   
1,406,247 
 
Return on Equity and Assets 
The following table presents our selected financial ratios for the years indicated: 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Average total assets ...................................................................  
59,665,275 
72,977,023 
74,905,951  
Average equity ...........................................................................  
3,816,688 
3,920,972 
4,710,067  
Net income as a percentage of:(1) 
 
 
 
Average total assets ................................................................  
1.0% 
1.4% 
0.9% 
Average equity .......................................................................  
13.6% 
20.9% 
14.5% 
Average equity as a percentage of average total assets ..........  
6.4% 
5.4% 
6.3%

--- Page 151 ---
139 
 
(1) Net income refers to the Consolidated Profit for the period ended as of December of each year. 
 
Investment Portfolio 
The following table sets forth our investments in Chilean government and corporate securities and certain other 
financial investments as of the dates indicated. 
Investment instruments are classified into three categories: financial assets for trading at fair value through profit or 
loss (FVTPL), financial assets at fair value with changes in other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) and financial assets at 
amortized cost (CA). 
Financial assets for trading at fair value through profit or loss correspond to securities acquired with the intention 
to generate profits from the price fluctuation in the short-term or through gross earnings’ margins, or that are included in a 
portfolio in which there is a short-term profit taking strategy. The category of financial assets at amortized cost includes 
only those instruments which we have the capacity and intention of holding until their maturity. In accordance with the 
rules of the CMF, we do not hold any equity securities. 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Financial Assets held for Trading at Fair Value 
through profit or loss 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments 
 
 
 
From the State and Central Bank of Chile 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments from Central Bank of  
Chile .........................................................................  
6,792 
16,159 
43,697  
Bonds and promissory notes of the General Treasury 
of the Republic..........................................................  
369,607 
272,112 
408,466  
Other fiscal debt financial instruments .........................  
465 
1,978 
295  
Subtotal .....................................................................  
376,863 
290,249 
452,458  
Other debt financial instruments issued in the 
country: 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments of other banks in the 
country ......................................................................  
308,382 
416,729 
392,700  
Bonds and commercial bills of companies in the 
country ......................................................................  
235 
49,635 
27,558  
Other debt financial instruments issued in the country 
27,758 
12,605 
68,981  
Subtotal .....................................................................  
336,377 
478,969 
489,239  
Debt financial instruments issued abroad: 
 
 
 
   Debt financial instruments of foreign governments 
and fiscal entities abroad ..............................................  
- 
 
586 
Other debt financial instruments issued in the abroad 
3,818 
882 
32,221  
Subtotal .....................................................................  
3,818 
882 
32,807  
Investments in mutual funds: 
 
 
 
Funds administered by related parties ..........................  
104,270 
69,914 
92,163  
Funds administered by third parties .............................  
41,576 
39,803 
209  
Subtotal .....................................................................  
145,847 
109,716 
92,372  
Equity instruments: 
 
 
 
Equity instruments in the country ................................  
10,963 
21,576 
17,002  
   Equity instruments issued abroad .................................  
- 
8,568 
3,882  
Subtotal .....................................................................  
10,963 
30,144 
20,884 
Total ......................................................................  
873,867 
909,962 
1,087,760  
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments 
 
 
 
From the State and Central Bank of Chile 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments from Central Bank of  
Chile .........................................................................  
2,653,556 
2,944,337 
1,477,694  
Bonds and promissory notes of the General Treasury 
of the Republic..........................................................  
2,324,965 
1,927,699 
2,355,120  
Other fiscal debt financial instruments .........................  
4,290 
4,112 
3,582

--- Page 152 ---
140 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
Subtotal .....................................................................  
4,982,811 
4,876,148 
3,836,396  
Other debt financial instruments issued in the 
country 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments of other banks in the 
country ......................................................................  
1,267,829 
1,489,878 
899,826  
Bonds and commercial bills of companies in the 
country ......................................................................  
8,516 
9,680 
10,220  
Other debt financial instruments issued in the country 
2,014 
1,986 
3,623  
Subtotal .....................................................................  
1,278,359 
1,501,544 
913,669  
Debt financial instruments issued abroad: 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments from Central Banks abroad  
- 
7,770 
58,562  
Debt financial instruments of foreign governments 
and fiscal entities abroad ..........................................  
503,247 
3,161,348 
3,374,200  
Debt financial instruments of other banks abroad ........  
- 
2,180 
51,875  
Bonds and commercial bills of companies abroad .......  
2,384 
2,192 
-  
Other debt financial instruments issued in the abroad ..  
4,046,846 
926,180 
756,434  
   Subtotal .....................................................................  
4,552,477 
4,099,670 
4,241,071 
   Total ......................................................................  
10,813,647 
10,477,361 
8,991,137  
Financial Assets at Amortized Cost 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments 
 
 
 
From the State and Central Bank of Chile 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments from Central Bank of  
Chile .........................................................................  
- 
- 
643,803  
Bonds and promissory notes of the General Treasury 
of the Republic..........................................................  
1,024,195 
1,145,241 
1,133,370  
    Other fiscal debt financial instruments ........................  
– 
- 
-  
      Subtotal .....................................................................  
1,024,195 
1,145,241 
1,777,173  
Other debt financial instruments issued in the 
country: 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments of other banks in the 
country ......................................................................  
- 
41,609 
51,495  
Bonds and commercial bills of companies in the 
country ......................................................................  
- 
1,736 
1,830  
Other debt financial instruments issued in the 
country 
- 
- 
2,834  
Subtotal .....................................................................  
- 
43,345 
56,159  
Debt financial instruments issued abroad: 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments of foreign governments 
and fiscal entities abroad ..........................................  
22,573 
22,578 
2,501,593 
    Other debt financial instruments issued in the abroad 
1,249,298 
2,382,511 
231 
      Subtotal .....................................................................  
1,271,871 
2,405,089 
2,501,824 
Accumulated impairment of financial assets at 
amortized cost – Debt financial instruments: 
 
 
 
     Financial assets without a significant increase in 
credit risk since initial recognition ..................................  
- 
(11,677) 
(12,773) 
Subtotal ..................................................................  
- 
(11,677) 
(12,773) 
Total ......................................................................  
- 
3,581,998 
4,322,383 
 
 
 
 
Total financial investments .................................  
13,983,580 
14,969,321 
14,401,280 
 
The following table sets forth an analysis of our investments, by time remaining to maturity and the weighted average 
nominal rates of such investments, as of December 31, 2023: 
As of and for the year ended  December 31, 2023 
Within 1 year 
Weighted 
average yield 
rate(1) 
After 1 year 
but within 5 
years 
Weighted 
average yield 
rate(1) 
After 5 years 
but within 10 
years 
Weighted 
average  yield 
rate(1) 
After 10 years 
Weighted 
average yield 
rate(1) 
Total 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Financial assets for Trading at Fair 
Value through profit or loss ..............   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt financial instrument From the 
State and Central Bank of Chile: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments from Central 
Bank of Chile ......................................  
43,483 
1.2% 
                            
-  
- 
                            
214  
1.0% 
                            
-  
- 
                            
43,697  
Bonds and promissory notes of the 
5,638 
(1.0)%                             
3.5%                             
2.5%                             
7.0%

--- Page 153 ---
141 
As of and for the year ended  December 31, 2023 
Within 1 year 
Weighted 
average yield 
rate(1) 
After 1 year 
but within 5 
years 
Weighted 
average yield 
rate(1) 
After 5 years 
but within 10 
years 
Weighted 
average  yield 
rate(1) 
After 10 years 
Weighted 
average yield 
rate(1) 
Total 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
General Treasury of the Republic .........  
249,131  
153,383  
314  
408,466  
Other fiscal debt financial instruments ...  
- 
- 
                            
150  
5.7% 
                            
145  
2.4% 
                            
-  
- 
                            
295  
Subtotal .................................................  
49,121 
 
                            
249,281  
 
                            
153,742  
 
                            
314  
 
                            
452,458  
Other debt financial instruments issued 
in the country: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments of other 
banks in the country .............................  
259,890 
0.8% 
135,714 
0.6% 
(2,917) 
2.5% 
13 
2.5% 
392,700 
Bonds and commercial bills of 
companies in the country .....................  
6,011 
- 
21,372 
5.8% 
154 
28.0% 
22 
7.5% 
27,559 
Other debt financial instruments issued 
in the country .......................................  
25,850 
2.7% 
43,132 
5.6% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
68,982 
Subtotal ................................................  
291,751 
 
200,218 
 
(2,763) 
 
35 
 
489,239 
Debt financial instruments issued 
abroad: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments of foreign 
governments and fiscal entities abroad .  
586 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
586 
Other debt financial instruments issued 
in the abroad ........................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
32,221 
- 
32,221 
Subtotal ................................................  
586 
 
- 
 
- 
 
32,221 
 
32,807 
Other financial instruments ................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Investments in mutual funds: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Funds administered by related parties ....  
92,163 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
92,163 
Funds administered by third parties .......  
209 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
209 
Subtotal ................................................  
92,372 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
92,372 
Equity instruments: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity instruments in the country ..........  
17,002 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
17,002 
Equity instruments issued abroad ...........  
3,882 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3,882 
Subtotal ................................................  
20,884 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
20,884 
Total .....................................................  
454,711 
 
- 
 
- 
 
- 
 
1,087,760 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value with 
changes in other comprehensive 
income ................................................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments ..................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
From the State and Central Bank of 
Chile: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments from Central 
Bank of Chile ......................................  
1,477,694 
0.8% 
                            
-  
- 
                            
-  
- 
                            
-  
- 
                            
1,477,694  
Bonds and promissory notes of the 
General Treasury of the Republic .........  
59,826 
5.7% 
                            
1,273,805  
1.8% 
                            
672,619  
3.5% 
                            
348,870  
4.3% 
                            
2,355,120  
Other fiscal debt financial instruments ...  
58 
4.2% 
                            
1,858  
4.0% 
                            
1,666  
3.9% 
                            
-  
- 
                            
3,582  
Subtotal ................................................  
1,537,578 
 
                            
1,275,663  
 
                            
674,285  
 
                            
348,870  
 
                            
3,836,396  
Other debt financial instruments 
issued in the country ..........................  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments of other 
banks in the country .............................  
823,859 
1.3% 
                            
64,465  
(0.2)% 
                            
7,191  
4.2% 
                            
4,310  
4.1% 
                            
899,825  
Bonds and commercial bills of 
companies in the country .....................  
- 
- 
                            
10,220  
0.2% 
                            
-  
- 
                            
-  
- 
                            
10,220  
Other debt financial instruments issued 
in the country .......................................  
3,623 
- 
                            
-  
- 
                            
-  
- 
                            
-  
- 
                            
3,623  
Subtotal ................................................  
827,482 
 
                            
74,685  
 
                            
7,191  
 
                            
4,310  
 
                            
913,669  
Debt financial instruments issued 
abroad: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments from Central 
Banks abroad .......................................  
34,163 
6.6% 
                            
24,399  
0.8% 
                            
-  
- 
                            
-  
- 
                            
58,562  
Debt financial instruments of foreign 
governments and fiscal entities abroad .  
10,616 
6.6% 
                            
77,064  
2.9% 
                            
309,728  
3.1% 
                            
2,976,793  
2.7% 
                            
3,374,201  
Debt financial instruments of other 
banks abroad ........................................  
- 
- 
                            
49,573  
6.6% 
                            
2,302  
3.2% 
                            
-  
- 
                            
51,875  
Bonds and commercial bills of 
companies abroad ................................  
- 
- 
                            
-  
- 
                            
-  
- 
                            
-  
- 
                            
-  
Other debt financial instruments issued 
in the abroad ........................................  
7,957 
4.5% 
                            
363,940  
3.3% 
                            
273,038  
2.6% 
                            
111,498  
4.9% 
                            
756,433  
Subtotal ................................................  
52,736 
 
                            
514,976  
 
                            
585,068  
 
                            
3,088,291  
 
                            
4,241,070  
Total .....................................................  
2,417,796 
 
1,865,325 
 
1,266,544 
 
3,441,470 
 
8,991,137 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
From the State and Central Bank of 
Chile: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments from Central 
Bank of Chile ......................................  
643,803 
0.7% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
643,803 
Bonds and promissory notes of the 
General Treasury of the Republic .........  
- 
- 
1,133,370 
1.4% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,133,370 
Other fiscal debt financial instruments ...  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal ................................................  
643,803 
- 
1,133,370 
 
- 
 
- 
 
1,777,173 
Other debt financial instruments 
issued in the country: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments of other 
banks in the country .............................  
51,495 
1.5% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
51,495 
Bonds and commercial bills of 
companies in the country .....................  
1,830 
9.0% 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,830 
Other debt financial instruments issued 
in the country .......................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,834 
9.5% 
 
 
2,834 
Subtotal .................................................  
53,325 
 
- 
 
2,834 
 
- 
 
56,159

--- Page 154 ---
142 
As of and for the year ended  December 31, 2023 
Within 1 year 
Weighted 
average yield 
rate(1) 
After 1 year 
but within 5 
years 
Weighted 
average yield 
rate(1) 
After 5 years 
but within 10 
years 
Weighted 
average  yield 
rate(1) 
After 10 years 
Weighted 
average yield 
rate(1) 
Total 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Debt financial instruments issued 
abroad: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Debt financial instruments of foreign 
governments and fiscal entities abroad .  
879 
3.1% 
79,753 
2.8% 
643,870 
1.8% 
1,777,090 
3.1% 
2,501,592 
Other debt financial instruments issued 
abroad ..................................................  
231 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
231 
Subtotal ................................................  
1,110 
 
79,753 
 
643,870 
 
1,777,090 
 
2,501,823 
Accumulated impairment of financial 
assets at amortized cost–debt 
financial instruments: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets without significant 
increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition...........................................  
(12,773) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(12,773) 
Subtotal ................................................  
(12,773) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(12,773) 
Total .....................................................  
685,465 
 
1,213,123 
 
646,704 
 
1,777,090 
 
4,322,383 
Total Financial Investments ................  
3,557,974 
 
3,527,947 
 
2,064,229 
 
5,251,130 
 
14,401,280 
 
(1) 
The rates noted above for the financial assets at fair value with changes in other comprehensive income are based on the weighted average yield for 
the times remaining to maturity on the existing portfolio as of December 31, 2023. The weighted average yield is calculated as the percentage of the 
yield of the portfolio grouped by account and tenure, times the market value, divided by the total market value of that type and tenure. Due to our 
management of our exposure to liquidity risk as described in Note 47 to our audited consolidated financial statements included herein, actual rates may 
vary.  
Loan Portfolio 
The following table analyzes our loans by type of loan net of allowances for loan losses. See “Allocation of 
Allowance Loan Losses.” Total loans reflect our loan portfolio, including past due amounts (but excluding bank loans and 
contingent loans because they are off-balance sheet). 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Commercial loans 
 
 
 
Commercial loans ........................................................................  
13,160,979 
14,029,238 
15,072,977  
CNB commercial loans ................................................................  
9,386,562 
11,047,622 
11,670,638  
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports ..........................................  
625,892 
624,179 
1,270,706  
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports ..........................................  
358,749 
429,479 
393,669  
Foreign trade credits between third parties ..................................  
243,835 
193,996 
238,387  
Debtors in current accounts .........................................................  
105,456 
134,755 
141,190  
Credit card debtors ......................................................................  
54,226 
61,014 
61,999  
Factoring operations ....................................................................  
1,075,799 
1,267,726 
1,352,619  
Commercial financial leasing operations .....................................  
1,539,602 
1,363,149 
1,625,931  
Student loans ...............................................................................  
133,139 
124,146 
111,543  
Other loans and receivable...........................................................  
1,947 
1,640 
1,053  
Subtotal ..................................................................................  
26,686,186 
29,276,944 
31,940,712  
  
 
 
 
Mortgage loans 
 
 
 
Loans with letters of credit ..........................................................  
3,187 
1,385 
563  
Loans with endorsable mortgage mutual funds ...........................  
2,426 
1,643 
1,224  
Other credits with mortgage loans ...............................................  
8,470,460 
9,803,419 
10,367,375  
CNB residential mortgage loans 
2,100,520 
2,905,352 
3,307,252  
Other loans and receivable...........................................................  
122,463 
97,582 
63,941  
Subtotal ..................................................................................  
10,699,056 
12,809,381 
13,740,355  
  
 
 
 
Consumer loans 
 
 
 
Consumer loans in installments ...................................................  
1,790,491 
1,715,754 
1,569,473  
CNB consumer loans ...................................................................  
51,512 
47,601 
12,982  
Debtors in currents accounts ........................................................  
64,043 
88,064 
89,404  
Credit card debtors ......................................................................  
1,272,019 
1,317,085 
1,165,079  
Consumer finance lease operations ..............................................  
383 
305 
426  
Other loans and receivable...........................................................  
44,689 
43,998 
41,719  
Subtotal ..................................................................................  
3,223,137 
3,212,807 
2,879,083  
Total loans ...................................................................................  
40,608,379 
45,299,132 
48,560,150 
 
The loan categories are as follows:

--- Page 155 ---
143 
Commercial loans are comprised of the following: 
General commercial loans. General commercial loans are long-term and short-term loans granted to Chilean 
corporations and individuals in pesos, UF or U.S. dollars on an adjustable or fixed rate basis, primarily to finance working 
capital or investments. Commercial loans represent the largest portion of our loan portfolio.  Interest accrues daily on a 30, 
90, 180 or 360 day basis. Loan payments are scheduled monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or yearly, depending on the terms 
of the loan. Although we have certain flexibility to determine the interest rate of these loans, it cannot exceed the maximum 
rate for commercial loans established by the CMF in accordance with Chilean law. General commercial loans do not include 
commercial loans made by CNB, which we separately presented under “CNB commercial loans.” 
CNB commercial loans. CNB commercial loans are loans to businesses or corporations without mortgage-based 
collateral. 
Foreign trade loans. Foreign trade loans are short-term loans made in foreign currencies (principally US$) to finance 
imports and exports. 
Checking accounts. Lines of credit and overdrafts are short-term operating commercial loans under which our 
customers can draw down loaned funds up to certain credit limits. 
Loans to college students. Includes university financing loans, which are loans granted in accordance with Law 
No. 20,027, CORFO guaranteed or others. 
Factoring operations. Factored receivables are derived from our factoring operations which consist of purchasing 
outstanding debt portfolios such as bills, notes, or contracts, advancing a payment representing the future cash flows from 
such assets, and then performing the related collection function.  The receivables are sold with recourse and without recourse 
in the event accounts prove uncollectible. 
Leasing transactions. Leasing contracts are contracts that meet the requirements to be classified as finance leases 
and are presented at their present value. 
Other loans and receivables. Other outstanding loans include other commercial loans that are not classified under 
any of the above categories, which are financed by our general borrowings. 
Mortgage loans are comprised of the following: 
Mortgage loans. Mortgage loans are inflation-indexed, fixed or variable rate, long-term loans with monthly 
payments of principal and interest secured by a mortgage over real property.  These mortgage loans are generally financed 
with mortgage finance bonds, which are general obligations of us.  At the time of approval, the principal amount of this type 
of mortgage loan cannot be higher than 90.0% of the lower of the purchase price and the appraised value of the mortgaged 
property; otherwise such loan will be classified as a commercial loan.  Under the General Banking Law’s liquidation 
procedures, if the issuer of a mortgage finance bond becomes insolvent, these mortgage loans and the related mortgage finance 
bonds shall be auctioned in block and the acquirer will continue to make payments under the mortgage finance bonds pursuant 
to the same terms and conditions as the original issuer. 
Other loans and receivables. Other outstanding loans include other residential mortgage loans not included under 
any of the above categories above, which are financed by our general borrowings. 
Consumer loans are comprised of the following: 
Consumer loans in installments. Consumer loans in installments are loans to individuals, denominated in pesos, 
generally on a fixed rate basis, to finance the purchase of consumer goods or the payment of services.  Interest accrues daily 
on a 30 or 360 day basis.  Loan payments are scheduled monthly. Although we have certain flexibility to determine the 
interest rate of these loans, it cannot exceed the maximum rate for consumer loans established by the CMF in accordance 
with Chilean law. 
CNB consumer loans. CNB consumer loans are loans to individuals. 
Checking Accounts. Lines of credit and overdrafts are short-term consumer loans under which our customers can 
draw down loaned funds up to certain credit limits.

--- Page 156 ---
144 
Credit card loans. Credit card loans are credit card balances subject to interest charges.  Interest accrues daily on a 
30- or 360-day basis.  Loan payments are scheduled monthly.  Although we have certain flexibility to determine the interest 
rate of these credit card loans, this rate cannot exceed the maximum rate for consumer loans established by the CMF in 
accordance with Chilean law. 
Consumer leasing transactions. Leasing transactions are contracts which provide for periodic rental payments of 
agreements and meet the requirements to be classified as finance leases. 
Other loans and receivables. Other loans and receivables include other loans not classified under any of the above 
categories, which are financed by our general borrowings. 
City National Bank of Florida loans are comprised of the following: 
General commercial loans. Long-term and short-term loans granted to corporations and individuals in U.S. dollars 
on an adjustable or fixed rate basis, primarily to finance working capital or investments. Interest accrues daily on actual/365 
basis, in most of the cases. Loan payments are scheduled monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or yearly, depending on the terms 
of the loan.  
Residential mortgage loans. These loans include:  
 
Mortgage loans. Mortgage loans are fixed, variable, or adjustable rate long-term loans with monthly payments 
of principal and interest secured by a mortgage over one to four family residential properties.  At the time of 
approval, the principal amount of this type of mortgage loan depends on the occupancy status, number of units, 
and loan amount, but cannot be higher than 80.0% of the appraised value of the mortgaged property.  
 
Home Equity Lines (HELOC). HELOCs are revolving, open-end lines of credit extended to a homeowner 
secured by, typically, a junior lien over one to four family residential property. 
Commercial real estate loans.  These loans include owner and non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans, 
which are adjustable or fixed rate loans used to purchase or refinance owner occupied or investment commercial real estate 
property. The owner occupancy should be greater or equal to 51% of the leasable space, loan to value should not be higher 
than 75%, and we should have a first lien over the real estate property. Underwriting parameters include mandatory escrow 
for taxes and insurances, maximum vacancy, in case of non-owner occupied loans, minimum management fees and debt 
service coverages. 
Consumer loans.  These loans include:  
 
Personal line of credit: revolving variable rate line of credit targeted for personal use. Payback generally occurs 
within 24 months. These lines can be unsecured or secured by a CD.  
 
Unsecured term loans: Personal purpose fixed rate loan with relatively short time periods, with pay back 
generally occurring within 60 months.  
 
Automobile, boat, and airplane loans: Loans used to purchase or refinance these types of assets, secured by a 
first lien position on those assets. 
Construction and land loans. These loans include the following: 
 
Construction loans: Fixed or variable rate loans made to construct commercial real estate or one to four family 
residences. 
 
Land loans: Fixed or variable rate loans made for the purpose of acquiring land for the future construction of 
commercial real estate or one to four family residences.

--- Page 157 ---
145 
Risks of the Loan Portfolio 
The risk index of our loan portfolio is calculated as allowances for loan losses as a percentage of total loans.  Our 
risk index was 1.82%, 1.90% and 1.71% as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Our risk index for our main 
loan categories is as follows:  
Commercial loans 
Bci loans  
The risk index of our commercial loans as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 was 1.8%, 1.6% and 1.5%, 
respectively. Our risk index in 2021, 2022 and 2023 reflects, in part, the results of our risk management transformation plan, 
but mainly the quality of our commercial loans depends on Chilean GDP growth, interest rates, regulatory changes, the 
general level of indebtedness and other economic conditions such as the conditions of each industry sector in which our 
borrowers are involved.  
City National Bank of Florida loans 
The risk index of our CNB commercial loans as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 was 0.80%, 0.70% and 
0.63%, respectively.   
Mortgage loans 
Bci loans  
The risk index of our mortgage loans as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 was 0.49%, 0.64% and 0.52%, 
respectively. The risk index of our mortgage loans has remained stable and low relative to the risk index of the Chilean 
financial system. 
City National Bank of Florida loans  
The risk index of our CNB mortgage loans as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 was 1.06%, 1.52% and 0.53%, 
respectively. 
Consumer loans 
Bci loans  
The risk index of our consumer loans as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 was 6.05%, 9.16% and 9.40%, 
respectively. The decrease in the risk index during 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily attributable to monetary transfers 
by the Chilean government to individuals and extraordinary withdrawals from pension funds, which provided a high level of 
liquidity to individuals.  
City National Bank of Florida loans  
The risk index of our CNB consumer loans as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 was 1.12%, 7.98% and 8.44%, 
respectively. 
Maturity and Interest Rate Sensitivity of Loans 
The following table sets forth an analysis of our loans (before allowances; exclusive of interbank loans) as of 
December 31, 2023 by type of loan and time remaining to maturity:

--- Page 158 ---
146 
 
Due within 
1 month 
Due after 1 
month but 
within 6 
months 
Due after 6 
months but 
within 12 
months 
Due after 1 
year but 
within 3 
years 
Due after 3 
years but 
within 5 
years 
Due after 5 
years but 
within 15 
years 
Due after 
15 years 
Balance as 
of 
December 
31, 2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Commercial loans 
 
 
 
 
General commercial loans .................  
652,364  
1,943,218  
852,642  
2,844,610  
1,685,723  
2,930,961  
4,066,771  
14,976,289  
CNB commercial loans .....................  
232,451  
983,178  
1,022,467  
3,256,600  
3,148,917  
3,118,004  
395,488  
12,157,105  
Foreign trade loans ............................  
418,379  
1,090,655  
158,999  
156,128  
80,132  
17,986  
-  
1,922,279  
Lines of credit and overdrafts  ...........  
10,894  
68,387  
69,516  
1,267  
-  
-  
-  
150,064  
Loans to college students ..................  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
1,368,335  
1,368,335  
Factoring operations ..........................  
486  
3,065  
4,240  
18,350  
17,629  
70,203  
1,537  
115,510  
Leasing transactions ..........................  
51,786  
254,723  
265,785  
665,778  
202,892  
207,910  
-  
1,648,874  
Other loans and receivables ...............  
64,768  
10,881  
2,506  
739  
24  
-  
-  
78,920  
Subtotal .........................................  
1,431,128  
4,354,107  
2,376,156  
6,943,472  
5,135,319 
6,345,064  
5,832,131  
32,417,376  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans ..................................  
122,451  
596,205  
683,776  
2,094,580  
1,557,436  
4,947,020  
485,475  
10,486,943  
CNB residential mortgage loans ........  
12,485  
47,575  
25,148  
151,475  
42,091  
245,620  
2,800,349  
3,324,743  
Subtotal .........................................  
134,936  
643,780  
708,924  
2,246,055  
1,599,527  
5,192,640  
3,285,824  
13,811,686  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans in installments .........  
47,465  
270,345  
278,441  
727,646  
299,958  
74,631  
6  
1,698,492  
CNB consumer loans .........................  
1,269  
870  
7,511  
30,039  
14,345  
702  
10  
54,746  
Lines of credit and overdrafts ............  
10,564  
44,038  
54,106  
1,520  
-  
339  
-  
110,566  
Credit card borrowers ........................  
846,313  
280,959  
84,188  
55,923  
3,808  
-  
-  
1,271,191  
Consumer leasing transactions ..........  
12  
69  
65  
253  
33  
1  
-  
432  
Other loans and receivables ...............  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
42,367  
42,367  
Subtotal .........................................  
905,623  
596,281  
424,311  
815,381  
318,142  
75,673  
42,383  
3,177,794  
Total loans .........................................  
2,471,687  
5,594,168  
3,509,390 
10,004,908  
7,052,988 
11,613,377 
9,160,338 
49,406,856  
 
The following table sets forth an analysis of our loans (before allowances; exclusive of interbank loans) as of 
December 31, 2022 by type of loan and time remaining to maturity: 
 
Due within 
1 month 
Due after 1 
month but 
within 6 
months 
Due after 6 
months but 
within 12 
months 
Due after 1 
year but 
within 3 
years 
Due after 3 
years but 
within 5 
years 
Due after 5 
years but 
within 15 
years 
Due after 
15 years 
Balance as 
of 
December 
31, 2022 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Commercial loans 
 
 
 
 
General commercial loans .................  
787,012 
2,332,899 
1,715,679 
3,543,120 
904,220 
1,601,931 
3,457,716 
14,342,577 
CNB commercial loans .....................  
580,119 
1,767,538 
1,344,559 
2,849,028 
791,153 
1,346,673 
2,446,114 
11,125,184 
Foreign trade loans ............................  
420,860 
685,338 
60,052 
60,080 
30,147 
11,000 
– 
1,267,477 
Lines of credit and overdrafts  ...........  
7,139 
52,219 
81,916 
1,359 
– 
– 
– 
142,633 
Loans to college students ..................  
607 
3,345 
5,212 
19,074 
17,919 
78,979 
2,593 
127,729 
Factoring operations ..........................  
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
1,283,603 
1,283,603 
Leasing transactions ..........................  
33,017 
165,609 
184,926 
484,132 
214,117 
301,663 
– 
1,383,464 
Other loans and receivables ...............  
63,894 
8,449 
1,442 
711 
22 
– 
– 
74,518 
Subtotal .........................................  
1,892,648 
5,015,397 
3,393,786 
6,957,504 
1,957,578 
3,340,246 
7,190,026 
29,747,185 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans ..................................  
86,432 
406,589 
479,860 
1,587,864 
1,197,602 
3,776,252 
2,407,713 
9,942,312 
CNB residential mortgage loans ........  
25,647 
120,647 
142,389 
471,168 
355,365 
1,120,529 
714,441 
2,950,186 
Subtotal .........................................  
112,079 
527,236 
622,249 
2,059,032 
1,552,967 
4,896,781 
3,122,154 
12,892,498 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans in installments .........  
54,013 
296,906 
318,193 
841,970 
295,140 
52,058 
18 
1,858,298 
CNB consumer loans .........................  
1,504 
8,265 
8,857 
23,437 
8,216 
1,449 
1 
51,729 
Lines of credit and overdrafts ............  
11,422 
39,557 
52,732 
1,461 
– 
– 
– 
105,172 
Credit card borrowers ........................  
1,060,162 
266,804 
85,001 
56,361 
4,588 
– 
– 
1,472,916 
Consumer leasing transactions ..........  
11 
58 
61 
130 
40 
8 
– 
308 
Other loans and receivables ...............  
11,727 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
36,462 
48,189 
Subtotal .........................................  
1,138,839 
611,590 
464,844 
923,359 
307,984 
53,515 
36,481 
3,536,612 
Total loans .........................................  
3,143,566 
6,154,223 
4,480,879 
9,939,895 
3,818,529 
8,290,542 
10,348,661 
46,176,295 
 
The following table sets forth an analysis of our loans (before allowances; exclusive of interbank loans) as of 
December 31, 2021 by type of loan and time remaining to maturity:

--- Page 159 ---
147 
Due within 1 
month 
Due after 1 
month but 
within 6 
months 
Due after 6 
months but 
within 12 
months 
Due after 1 
year but 
within 3 
years 
Due after 3 
years but 
within 5 
years 
Due after 5 
years but 
within 15 
years 
Due after 15 
years 
Balance as of 
December 31, 
2021 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Commercial loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
General commercial 
loans ........................ 
1,188,175 
4,942,217 
2,303,506 
4,796,733 
1,641,622 
2,960,025 
5,121,807 
22,954,085 
CNB commercial 
loans ........................ 
1,101 
1,408 
1,391 
1,210 
1,966 
1,710 
2,290 
11,076 
Foreign trade loans .... 
180,364 
693,756 
210,386 
76,952 
32,888 
14,647 
39,664 
1,248,656 
Checking accounts ..... 
4,624 
27,633 
79,247 
1,078 
– 
– 
– 
112,582 
Loans to college 
students ................... 
584 
3,483 
4,599 
18,793 
18,641 
87,146 
4,096 
137,342 
Factoring operations .. 
- 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
1,088,017 
1,088,017 
Leasing transactions .. 
44,964 
218,945 
221,193 
565,381 
223,825 
288,817 
– 
1,563,125 
Other loans and 
receivables .............. 
52,266 
7,052 
1,537 
887 
11 
– 
– 
61,753 
Subtotal ............... 
1,472,078 
5,894,494 
2,821,859 
5,461,034 
1,918,953 
3,352,345 
6,255,874 
27,176,636 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans .......... 
103,619 
507,299 
518,063 
1,546,641 
1,208,075 
4,188,789 
2,676,695 
10,749,181 
CNB residential 
mortgage loans ........ 
37 
100 
55 
38 
41 
1,348 
865 
2,484 
Subtotal ............... 
103,656 
507,399 
518,118 
1,546,679 
1,208,116 
4,190,137 
2,677,560 
10,751,665 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans in 
installments ............. 
53,713 
291,565 
319,283 
902,163 
322,888 
57,785 
22 
1,947,419 
CNB consumer loans . 
7 
18 
16 
9 
12 
– 
– 
62 
Checking  accounts .... 
5,984 
28,236 
37,665 
1,016 
– 
– 
– 
72,901 
Credit card borrowers  
943,082 
244,963 
99,029 
67,412 
4,327 
– 
– 
1,358,813 
Consumer leasing 
transactions ............. 
30 
73 
64 
146 
56 
19 
– 
388 
Other loans and 
receivables .............. 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
51,206 
51,206 
Subtotal ............... 
1,002,816 
564,855 
456,057 
970,746 
327,283 
57,804 
51,288 
3,430,789 
Total loans ................. 
2,578,550 
6,966,748 
3,796,034 
7,978,459 
3,454,352 
7,600,286 
8,984,722 
41,359,091 
 
The following tables present, as of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the amount of outstanding loans (exclusive of 
contingent loans): 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
Variable Rate: 
 
 
Ch$...............................................................................................................................................................  
1,809,573  
3,338,238  
UF ................................................................................................................................................................  
782,525  
1,459,186  
Ch$ indexed to US$ .....................................................................................................................................  
8,371  
22,638  
Foreign currency ..........................................................................................................................................  
91,846  
46,069  
US$ ..............................................................................................................................................................  
6,714,116  
2,173,711  
Subtotal ........................................................................................................................................................  
9,406,431  
7,039,842  
 
 
 
Fixed Rate: 
 
 
Ch$...............................................................................................................................................................  
9,023,739  
21,698,700  
UF ................................................................................................................................................................  
19,698,772  
18,860,509  
Ch$ indexed to US$ .....................................................................................................................................  
44,043  
196,407  
Foreign currency ..........................................................................................................................................  
65  
26,981  
US$ ..............................................................................................................................................................  
8,003,245  
1,584,417  
Subtotal ........................................................................................................................................................  
36,769,864  
42,367,014  
Total ........................................................................................................................................................  
46,176,295  
49,406,856

--- Page 160 ---
148 
Loans by Economic Activity 
The following table sets forth an analysis of our loan portfolio (before allowances for loan losses) based on the 
borrower’s principal economic activity, as of each of the indicated dates. Loans to individuals for business purposes are 
allocated to their economic activity. The table does not reflect outstanding contingent loans. 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
Loan 
portfolio 
Percentage 
of loan 
portfolio  
Loan 
portfolio 
Percentage 
of loan 
portfolio  
Loan 
portfolio 
Percentage 
of loan 
portfolio  
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Agriculture and livestock ............................................... 
557,429 
1.35%  
523,412 
1.13%  
569,972 
1.15% 
Fruit growing ................................................................. 
363,933 
0,88%  
380,013 
0.82%  
349,312 
0.71% 
Forestry and logging ...................................................... 
172,109 
0.42%  
151,886 
0.33%  
131,396 
0.27% 
Fishing ........................................................................... 
164,987 
0.40%  
152,516 
0.33%  
172,698 
0.35% 
Exploitation of mines and quarries ................................. 
257,574 
0.62%  
340,926 
0.74%  
702,620 
1.42% 
Crude oil and natural gas production .............................. 
157,330 
0.38%  
188,861 
0.41%  
70,840 
0.14% 
Product manufacturing industry ..................................... 
2,043,898 
4.94%  
2,111,961 
4.57%  
2,225,671 
4.50% 
Electricity, gas and water ............................................... 
725,129 
1.75%  
819,471 
1.77%  
995,997 
2.02% 
Home building ............................................................... 
97,208 
0.24%  
154,945 
0.34%  
179,124 
0.36% 
Other works and constructions ....................................... 
1,836,457 
4.44%  
1,858,245 
4.02%  
1,591,454 
3.22% 
Wholesale trade .............................................................. 
1,790,869 
4.33%  
2,122,536 
4.60%  
1,940,740 
3.93% 
Retail restaurants and hotels ........................................... 
2,468,274 
5.97%  
2,289,011 
4.96%  
2,097,953 
4.25% 
Transport and storage ..................................................... 
1,507,142 
  3.64%  
1,581,400 
  3.42%  
1,793,766 
3.63% 
Telecommunications ...................................................... 
373,170 
0.90%  
497,235 
1.08%  
478,396 
0.97% 
Financial and insurance establishments .......................... 
2,837,343 
6.86%  
2,828,645 
  6.13%  
3,229,481 
6.54% 
Real estate and services provided to companies ............. 
3,563,680 
8.62% 
7,668,811 
16.61% 
8,399,435 
17.00% 
Community, social and personal services ....................... 
8,260,107 
19.97%  
6,077,313 
13.16%  
7,488,521 
15.16% 
Commercial loans .......................................................... 
27,176,639 
65.71%  
29,747,185 
64.42%  
32,417,376 
65.61% 
Mortgage loans .............................................................. 
10,751,664 
26.00% 
12,892,498 
27,92% 
13,811,686 
27.95% 
Consumer loans .............................................................. 
3,430,790 
8.30% 
3,536,612 
7.66% 
3,177,794 
6.43% 
Total .......................................................................... 
41,359,091 
100.0%  
46,176,295 
100.0%  
49,406,856 
100.0% 
 
 
Foreign Country Outstanding Loans 
Our cross-border loans are principally trade-related.  These include loans to foreign financial institutions. The table 
below lists our total amount of outstanding loans to borrowers in foreign countries as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023. 
This table does not include foreign trade-related loans to Chilean borrowers. 
 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Country 
 
 
 
Argentina .................................................................................................................................  
      44,279  
      15,445  
8,023 
Australia ..................................................................................................................................  
   2,996  
   1,351  
263 
Austria .....................................................................................................................................  
     56,821  
     31,690  
29,051 
Belgium ...................................................................................................................................  
   547  
   2,320  
2 
Bolivia .....................................................................................................................................  
341 
6,894 
1,641 
Brazil .......................................................................................................................................  
259,218  
282,341  
265,528 
Bulgaria ...................................................................................................................................  
           54  
           92  
— 
Canada .....................................................................................................................................  
      31,495  
      79,865  
19,736 
Cayman Islands ........................................................................................................................  
     16,684  
     8,559  
58,837 
China .......................................................................................................................................  
      44,301  
      60,031  
79,894 
Colombia .................................................................................................................................  
    105,341  
      98,772  
      80,356 
Denmark ..................................................................................................................................  
3  
—  
—  
Dominican Republic ................................................................................................................  
—  
      17,117         17,542 
Finland .....................................................................................................................................  
        708  
       4,878  
3,947 
France ......................................................................................................................................  
82,458  
99,354  
13,377 
Germany ..................................................................................................................................  
14,877  
88,698  
32,194 
Guatemala ................................................................................................................................  
      21,117  
      25,414  
20,539 
Hong Kong ..............................................................................................................................  
    —  
    96  
-

--- Page 161 ---
149 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Italy ..........................................................................................................................................  
15,753  
67,431  
45,144 
Japan ........................................................................................................................................  
   5,677  
   49,348  
76,378 
Mexico .....................................................................................................................................  
  56,673  
  52,000  
2,582 
Netherlands ..............................................................................................................................  
         73  
         487  
219 
Panama ....................................................................................................................................  
    111,236  
    162,873  
58,939 
Paraguay ..................................................................................................................................  
   497  
   38,904  
37,716 
Peru ..........................................................................................................................................  
    112,065  
    214,641  
110,357 
Poland ......................................................................................................................................  
        52  
        73  
— 
Portugal....................................................................................................................................  
       6,490  
—   
3,700 
Qatar ........................................................................................................................................  
   —  
   —  
— 
South Korea .............................................................................................................................  
3 
56 
128 
Spain ........................................................................................................................................  
433,846  
95,545  
61,279 
Sweden ....................................................................................................................................  
   9,542  
   487  
499 
Switzerland ..............................................................................................................................  
   24,380  
   31,144  
17,075 
Turkey .....................................................................................................................................  
     26,189  
     830  
19,934 
United Kingdom ......................................................................................................................  
   226,104  
   246,408  
68,987 
United States ............................................................................................................................  
    616,358  
    549,155  
288,453 
Uruguay ...................................................................................................................................  
36 
86 
- 
Other ........................................................................................................................................  
— 
4,229 
4,334 
Total ........................................................................................................................................  
2,326,214  
2,336,614 
1,426,654 
 
 
We also maintain deposits abroad (primarily demand deposits) as needed to conduct our foreign trade transactions.  
The table below lists the amounts of foreign deposits by country as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023: 
 
As of December 31, 
Country 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Australia ................................................................................................................................... 
   2,159  
— 
—  
Canada ...................................................................................................................................... 
   654  
941 
749 
China ........................................................................................................................................ 
   229  
306 
6 
Denmark ................................................................................................................................... 
        150  
176 
— 
Germany ................................................................................................................................... 
    34,388  
    54,877  
12,629 
Italy ........................................................................................................................................... 
—   
— 
1,208 
Japan ......................................................................................................................................... 
10,555   
6,906 
12,161 
Mexico ...................................................................................................................................... 
21   
204 
— 
New Zealand ............................................................................................................................. 
72   
654 
— 
Norway ..................................................................................................................................... 
301   
580 
— 
Peru ........................................................................................................................................... 
2,569   
2,564 
1,861 
Spain ......................................................................................................................................... 
      1,343  
5,607 
11,219 
Sweden ..................................................................................................................................... 
82   
87 
— 
Switzerland ............................................................................................................................... 
1,070   
5,943 
8,401 
UK ............................................................................................................................................ 
704   
13,191 
38,623 
United States ............................................................................................................................. 
   128,158  
   493,439  
859,191 
Total ......................................................................................................................................... 
182,455  
585,475  
946,048 
 
Credit Approval Process 
We manage our credit risk by requiring loans to be approved in accordance with certain pre-determined procedures. 
Under our credit approval system, the approval of a transaction with a customer requires the participation of two or more 
executives, with at least one of them having the credit approval authority that would be necessary to cover our total risk 
exposure with respect to that customer.  
Credit approval evaluation is made on the basis of the customer’s total debt and the added risk involved in the 
proposed transaction.  A borrower’s total debt includes outstanding debt and any undrawn lines of credit.  Our total risk 
exposure to any customer takes into account not only our direct exposure to this customer, but also any credit support or 
security and extensions of credit or undrawn lines of credit to related or affiliated borrowers.

--- Page 162 ---
150 
Description of the main credit risk governance 
 
 
Committee 
Members 
Areas 
Faculties 
Tenor 
Executive 
Committee 
At least 3 directors 
All divisions 
What exceeds faculties of Corporate 
Committee 2 and what must go to 
this instance according to 
established policies 
What exceeds faculties of the 
Corporate Committee 
Miami and 
International 
Committee 
At least 2 risk 
representatives and 1 
commercial line 
representative 
Bci Miami and 
International Bank 
Up to US$20 million 
Up to 5 years for unsecured 
operations, except for syndicated 
credits in U.S. with liquidity index, 
which allow up to 7 years. 
Up to 12 years for secured 
operations (100% coverage at 
liquidation value) 
Bullet: up to 3 years,  except for 
syndicated credits in U.S. with 
liquidity index, which allow up to 7 
years 
Corporate 
Committee 2 
At least 2 risk 
representatives and 1 
commercial line 
representative 
All divisions 
Ch$.13,001 million to Ch$25,000 
million(1) 
Ch$8,001 million to Ch$20,000 
million(2) 
Ch$6,001 million to Ch$15,000 
million(3) 
Project Finance up to Ch$12,000 
million 
Bullet up to Ch$5,000 million 
Up to 5 years for unsecured 
operations and 15 years for secured 
operations or maximum deficit of 
Ch$2,000 million 
Leasing/leaseback up to 15 years 
Private Banking: 30 years mortgage 
loan 
5 year bullet up to 2,500 liquid 
guarantees 
Corporate 
Committee 1 
At least 2 risk 
representatives and 
one commercial line 
representative 
All divisions 
Ch$4,000 million to Ch$13,000 
million(1) 
Ch$2,000 million to Ch$8,000 
million(2) 
Ch$1,000 million to Ch$6,000 
million(3) 
Excludes Project Finance and Bullet 
Up to 5 years for unsecured 
operations and 15 years for secured 
operations or maximum deficit of 
30% with a maximum of Ch$500 
million 
Leasing/leaseback up to 15 years 
Private Banking: 30 years mortgage 
loan 
3 year bullet up to 1,000 liquid 
guarantees 
Normalization 
Committee 2 
One Manager or 
Deputy Manager of 
Risk Origination in 
charge of a bank, one 
monitoring 
representative, and 
one commercial line 
representative or from 
the special accounts 
All divisions 
For clients being 
monitored or with 
negative strategies or 
administered in 
special accounts 
Wholesale: Ch$1,000 million to 
Ch$12,000 million 
Only for granted risks 
Retail: Ch$1,000 million to 
Ch$12,000 million for entrepreneur 
groups in which at least one of them 
is being monitored or with negative 
strategy. Only for granted risks 
Up to 8 years for unsecured 
operations. 
Up to 15 years for secured 
operations 
In case of mortgage loans or general 
purpose loans for retail: up to 20 
years 
Normalization 
Committee 1 
At least one 
monitoring 
representative, one 
risk origination 
representative, and 
one commercial line 
representative or from 
the special accounts 
All divisions 
For clients being 
monitored or with 
negative strategies or 
administered in 
special accounts 
Wholesale: Ch$1 million to 
Ch$1,000 million 
Only for granted risks. 
Retail: Ch$1 million to Ch$1,000 
million for entrepreneur groups in 
which at least one of them is being 
monitored or with negative strategy. 
Only for granted risks. 
Up to 5 years for unsecured 
operations 
Up to 10 years for secured 
operations

--- Page 163 ---
151 
 
(1) Low complexity operations. 
(2) Medium complexity operations. 
(3) High complexity operations. 
 
 
Pairs 
Conformed by representatives of the commercial and risk areas, who have joint power to solve operations, according 
to the level of complexity. 
 
 
Attributions 
Pair 
Representatives 
From 
(High complexity) 
Up to 
(Low complexity) 
A 
Corporate Risk Manager – Division Manager 
Ch$2,750 million 
Ch$11,000 million 
B 
Credit Risk Manager – Bank Manager 
Ch$2,250 million 
Ch$9.000 million 
C 
Bank Risk Manager – Banker Manager – Regional 
Manager 
Ch$1,000 million 
Ch$7,200 million 
D 
Senior Risk Zone – Banker Manager, Bank Deputy 
Manager and Bankers 
Ch$375 million 
Ch$4,500 million 
 
 
Admission Process: Individual Portfolio 
In the individual credit approval process, operations are resolved according to their degree of complexity, by 
managers with different powers, according to their experience. 
At Bci there are two individual processes: the first corresponds to individual approval, which may have its origin in 
an origination (new client or product), renewal or in some follow-up alert associated with an apprehension regarding a change 
in the credit quality of the counterpart. The second process is the "centralized renewal", applicable to customers with current 
products. 
Classification of Banks by the CMF 
The CMF regularly examines and evaluates each financial institution’s solvency and management ratings, including 
its compliance with the loan classification guidelines of the CMF, and on that basis classifies banks and other financial 
institutions into one of five categories, I, II, III, IV and V, as follows: 
● 
Category I is reserved for financial institutions that have been rated level A in terms of solvency and 
management.    
● 
Category II is reserved for financial institutions that have been rated (i) level A in terms of solvency and level 
B in terms of management, (ii) level B in terms of solvency and level A in terms of management, or (iii) level 
B in terms of solvency and level B in terms of management.  
● 
Category III is reserved for financial institutions that have been rated (i) level B in terms of solvency and level 
B in terms of management for two or more consecutive review periods, (ii) level A in terms of solvency and 
level C in terms of management, or (iii) level B in terms of solvency and level C in terms of management.  
● 
Category IV is reserved for financial institutions that are rated level A or B in terms of solvency and have been 
rated level C in terms of management for two or more consecutive review periods.  
● 
Category V is reserved for financial institutions that have been rated level C in terms of solvency, irrespective 
of their rating level of management.

--- Page 164 ---
152 
The solvency rating of a bank is determined by its ratio of regulatory capital (after deducting accumulated losses 
during the financial year) to risk-weighted assets.  This ratio is equal to or greater than 10.5% for level A banks, equal to or 
greater than 8% and less than 10.5% for level B banks and less than 8% for level C banks.  
The management rating of a bank is as follows: (i) level A banks are those that are not rated as level B or C, (ii) 
level B banks display some weakness in internal controls, information systems, response to risk, private risk rating or ability 
to manage contingency scenarios, and (iii) level C banks display significant deficiencies in internal controls, information 
systems, response to risk, private risk rating or ability to manage contingency scenarios. 
Classification of Loan Portfolio 
Chilean banks are required to classify their outstanding exposures on an ongoing basis for the purpose of determining 
the amount of allowances for loan losses.  The guidelines used by Chilean banks for such classifications are established by 
the CMF, although banks are given some latitude in devising more stringent classification systems within such guidelines.  
For purposes of classification of our loan portfolio, loans are divided into consumer loans, residential mortgage loans and 
commercial loans.  
Consumer Loans. These loans include financing arising from the use of credit cards, overdrafts on current accounts 
and loans granted to individuals. Their purpose is to finance the acquisition of consumer goods and payment of services, in 
an amount that generally does not exceed UF 550. Their repayment is generally made in equal and consecutive installments.  
See “—Loan Portfolio.” 
With respect to consumer loans, allowances for loan losses are determined by mathematical models of expected loss 
applied to our loan portfolio as a whole. These models have been based on our data and delinquency and behavior 
classification which is determined by the extent to which payments are overdue.  
Residential Mortgage Loans. These include loans for residential purposes that are currently funded through the 
issuance by us of mortgage finance bonds. Generally, the purpose of these loans is to finance the acquisition, improvement, 
restoration or construction of a residential home. They are granted to the final user of the property and are entirely 
collateralized. All the remaining mortgage loans, in particular those granted for general purposes, are considered as 
commercial loans.  See “—Loan Portfolio.” 
With respect to residential mortgage loans, allowances for loan losses are determined by a standard classification 
given by the CMF (former SBIF) in Chapter B-1 of the New Compendium. 
Commercial Loans. Include all loans other than consumer loans and residential mortgage loans. See “—Loan 
Portfolio.” 
For a description of City National Bank of Florida loans, see “—Loan Portfolio.” 
For purposes of assessing our loan portfolio, we assess certain loans on an “individual” basis and other loans on a 
“collective” basis. We perform individual assessments of loans that we consider significant relative to our loan portfolio, 
based on the amount of the loan and its size, complexity and the credit profile of the borrower. Generally, we perform 
individual assessments of loans equal to or greater than UF18,000. We assess on a collective basis all of our loans that we do 
not assess individually, grouping them according to certain common characteristics such as the amount of the loan and the 
borrower’s credit profile. Generally, we perform collective assessment of loans of less than UF18,000, and we use a 
mathematical model developed internally for our collective assessment of loans. See “Presentation of Financial and Other 
Information—Loans.”  
2010 Guidelines of the Former SBIF 
On August 12, 2010, the former SBIF published new guidelines for classifying and provisioning of loan portfolios 
that became mandatory as of January 1, 2011 (the “New Guidelines”).  As a result, the models and methods used to classify 
our loan portfolio and establish allowances for loan losses follow the guiding principles set forth below by the regulatory 
authority. 
For large commercial loans, leasing and factoring, we assign a risk category to each borrower and its respective 
loans.  We consider the following risk factors: the industry or sector of the borrower, the owners or managers of the borrower, 
the borrower’s financial situation, its payment capacity and its payment history.  Based on these factors and pursuant to the

--- Page 165 ---
153 
Guidelines, we expect to assign one of the following risk categories to each borrower and loan that we evaluate on an 
individual basis: 
i. “Normal Loans” or loans classified in categories A1 through A6 will correspond to borrowers who are current on 
their payment obligations and show no sign of deterioration in their credit quality. 
ii. “Substandard Loans” or loans classified in categories B1 through B4 will correspond to borrowers with some 
financial difficulties or an important deterioration of payment capacity.  Substandard loans also include all loans that have 
non-performance levels greater than 30 days. 
iii. “Non-compliant Portfolio,” which include non-compliant loans and other loans classified under categories C1 
through C6, will correspond to borrowers whose payment capacity is at serious risk and are renegotiating credit terms to 
avoid bankruptcy or there is a high likelihood that they will file for bankruptcy.  These loans also include all loans, including 
contingent operations, with at least one installment overdue more than 90 days. 
Allowances for Normal and Substandard Loans 
For normal and substandard loans, expected loss is to be calculated in accordance with the following CMF (former 
SBIF) standards: 
Borrower Category 
Probability of 
default  
(PD) (%) 
Loss given default  
(LGD) (%) 
Expected loss  
(EL) (%) 
 
 
 
 
Normal loans 
 
 
 
A1................................................................................ 
0.04 
90.0 
0.03600 
A2................................................................................ 
0.10 
82.5 
0.08250 
A3................................................................................ 
0.25 
87.5 
0.21875 
A4................................................................................ 
2.00 
87.5 
1.75000 
A5................................................................................ 
4.75 
90.0 
4.27500 
A6................................................................................ 
10.00 
90.0 
9.00000 
 
 
 
 
Substandard loans 
 
 
 
B1 ................................................................................ 
15.00 
92.5 
13.87500 
B2 ................................................................................ 
22.00 
92.5 
20.35000 
B3 ................................................................................ 
33.00 
97.5 
32.17500 
B4 ................................................................................ 
45.00 
97.5 
43.87500 
 
 
 
 
Banks individually assign a specific classification and therefore provision level to each borrower.  Accordingly, the 
amount of loan loss allowance is determined on a case-by-case basis.  In determining provisions on an individual basis for 
normal and substandard loans pursuant to the recently published guidelines, banks are required to use the following equation 
established by the regulatory authority: 
Provision = (ESA-GE) * (PD debtor/100) * (LGD debtor/100) + GE * (PDguarantor/100) * (LGD guarantor/100) 
 
ESA = Exposure subject to allowances 
PD = Probability of default  
GE = Guaranteed exposure  
LGD = Loss Given Default 
Definition of Categories 
A1: 
Debtor has the highest credit quality.  This category is assigned only to 
borrowers with an extremely strong capacity to meet its financial obligations. 
The debtor in this category has very solid financial foundations and competitive 
advantages in the markets in which it participates, so its ability to pay has 
remained permanently immune to cyclical fluctuations in the economy or sector.  
Therefore, it has a proven ability to generate cash flows to comfortably cover 
all of its financial commitments, even under restrictive conditions in the 
macroeconomic environments sector.

--- Page 166 ---
154 
This category may be allocated only to debtors who have at least AA rating on 
the scale of the Chilean Securities Market Law granted by a national rating 
company recognized by the CMF, or its equivalent in case the debtor has an 
international rating by an external rating company, which also must be 
recognized by the CMF. 
A2: 
Debtor has a very high credit quality.  The ability to pay its financial obligations 
is very strong.  Predictable events do not affect this capability significantly. 
The debtor in this category provides a solid financial foundation and competitive 
position in the markets where it participates, so their ability to pay has been 
permanently immune and is not vulnerable to cyclical fluctuations in the 
economy or markets in which it participates.  Presents proven ability to generate 
cash flows to cover timely and properly all financial commitments. 
A3: 
Debtor has a high credit quality.  The ability to pay its financial commitments 
is strong.  Predictable events do not affect this capacity significantly. 
The debtor in this category provides a solid foundation and competitive financial 
ability to pay and shows resistance to cyclical fluctuations in the economy or 
the markets in which it participates. 
Under tight financial-economic scenarios, the power would not vary 
significantly. 
A4 
Debtor has a good credit quality.  The ability to pay their financial obligations 
is sufficient.  However, this capability is slightly susceptible to changing 
circumstances or economic conditions. 
The debtor in this category provides a solid foundation and competitive financial 
ability to pay, shows resistance to cyclical fluctuations in the economy or 
markets in which it participates; however, it may have slight vulnerability to 
restrictive conditions at macroeconomic and sector levels. 
A5: 
Debtor has a good credit quality.  The ability to pay their financial commitments 
is adequate or sufficient, but is susceptible to change in circumstances or 
economic conditions. 
The debtor in this category presents reasonable competitive and financial 
foundations, so their ability to pay is less vulnerable to cyclical fluctuations in 
the economy or markets in which it participates, but although it presents good 
ability to generate cash flows to meet promptly all its financial commitments 
under adverse conditions, could be vulnerable to restrictive environmental 
conditions at macroeconomic and sector levels. 
A6: 
Debtor has a sufficient credit quality.  Its ability to pay could deteriorate in 
adverse economic conditions.  The debtor currently has certain challenges with 
his ability to fulfill his financial obligations, but this is temporary. 
The debtor in this category has reasonable competitive and financial 
foundations, but his payment capacity presents vulnerabilities to cyclical 
fluctuations of the economy or of the markets in which it participates.  Although 
it has demonstrated the capacity to generate sufficient cash flow to meet its 
financial commitments under adverse conditions, there is evidence of weakness 
before restrictive conditions of the macroeconomic and sector environment. 
B1: 
Debtor has a low credit quality.  His capacity of payment is vulnerable, affecting 
his ability to fulfill his financial obligations.  The debtor in this category presents

--- Page 167 ---
155 
deficient financial and competitive foundations, and has presented irregularities 
in the fulfillment of his commitments. 
B2: 
Debtor has a low credit quality.  The debtor presents a worsening in his capacity 
of payment, generating doubts on the recovery of his credits.  The debtor in this 
category presents deficient financial and competitive foundations, and his 
ability to generate cash flows is insufficient, which is translated into 
unsatisfactory fulfillments of his commitments.  Also part of this category are 
those debtors who have registered some precedents of negative behavior in the 
last 12 months, which are not of recurring nature, and which reclassification as 
performing loans has taken place at least three months ago. 
B3: 
Debtor has a very low credit quality.  His capacity of payment is weak and has 
shown delinquencies in payments, which may under this scenario, require a 
financial restructuring to meet obligations or, in case of having had it, 
obligations thereunder have not been complied with regularly.  The debtors who 
are classified in this category do not exceed 90 days default. 
B4: 
Debtor has a minimum credit rating.  This type of borrower has history of 
disruptive behavior in the last 12 months, which, however, currently does not 
exceed 90 days default, nor meets certain conditions to be considered as held in 
default. 
Allowances for Loan Losses 
Our loan portfolio includes loans for which the likelihood of recovery is low, as the borrowers show impaired 
payment capacity or no payment capacity at all.  This portfolio includes (i) loans of borrowers with evident signs of possible 
bankruptcy, (ii) loans for which restructuring is necessary in order to avoid impairment and (iii) loans of borrowers that are 
at least 90 days in default in the payment of interests or principal on any of their loans.  Debtors classified under categories 
C1 to C6 and all their loans are included in our non-compliant loan portfolio (a subpopulation of our impaired loans portfolio 
as defined under CMF (former SBIF) criteria), including 100% of the amount of their undrawn committed credit lines and 
contingent loans. 
We determine the allowance for loan losses taking into account our total exposure to each borrower, which is the 
sum of such borrower’s total loans (including contingent loans and undrawn committed credit lines).  To determine the 
percentage of our allowance with respect to these borrowers, we estimate the expected loss rate, the amounts that are 
recoverable by executing guarantees and the present value of the amounts that can be recovered through collection actions, 
net of expenses.  The expected loss rate is classified under one of the six categories defined below, considering the range of 
losses that we expect from all the loans of the same debtor. 
For loans classified under Categories C1 through C6, we will need to have the following levels of allowance required 
by the regulatory authority: 
Borrower category 
Expected loss range 
Loss rate% (1) 
 
 
 
C1 ......................................................................................................  
Up to 3% 
2 
C2 ......................................................................................................  
More than 3% up to 20% 
10 
C3 ......................................................................................................  
More than 20% up to 30% 
25 
C4 ......................................................................................................  
More than 30% up to 50% 
40 
C5 ......................................................................................................  
More than 50% up to 80% 
65 
C6 ......................................................................................................  
More than 80% 
90 
 
(1) 
Represents percentages of the aggregate amount of principal and accrued but unpaid interest of the loan. 
For these loans the expected loss must be calculated as follows: 
 
Expected loss = (TE – Rec) / TE 
 
Allowance (Ch$) = TE * Allowance %

--- Page 168 ---
156 
TE = Total exposure. 
REC = Recoverable amount based on estimates of collateral value and collection efforts. 
2014 Guidelines of the Former SBIF 
On December 30, 2014, the former SBIF published new guidelines for provisioning a bank’s residential mortgage 
loan portfolio.  The 2014 Guidelines include: 
● 
an expected loss model to calculate allowances for housing mortgage loans that explicitly considers loan 
delinquency and loan / collateral (LTV) ratios, in order to promote active management of credit risk; and 
● 
proposal for a new manner of evaluating collateral in the context of determining provisions, which would 
specify certain required conditions that would need to be met by an asset in order for it to be eligible to be used 
as collateral for mitigating credit risk, as well as more specific requirements of how collateral would be valued 
for purposes of setting loan loss levels. 
These changes were implemented in January 2016.  
Modifications to Provisions on Credit Risk for Banks 
On December 30, 2014, the former SBIF issued Circular No. 3573, which established amendments to the norms 
regulating the interpretation of the Provisions for Credit Risk, in Chapters B-1, B-2 and E in the Old Compendium.  According 
to Chapter E, Chapter B-1 became effective as of January 2016. The amendments seek to ensure the adequacy of the 
provisions requiring banks to present credit risk in their loan portfolios, and guidelines encouraging best practices in 
evaluation and risk management. 
The most relevant amendments introduced under the circular discussed above are the following: 
● 
Standard method for mortgage loans provisions.  A standardized method for calculating minimum provisions 
for mortgage loans for housing was introduced, clarifying both the procedure for overdue payments and the loan 
guarantee relationship (loan-to-value) for creditors. Such method establishes a special treatment for loans 
subject to state auction; 
● 
Non-compliant portfolios.  Certain conditions were introduced to supplement the guidelines relating to non-
compliant portfolios for loans subject to individual assessment, including those which must be performed to 
remove a specific debtor from said portfolio. In addition, similar provisions were introduced to group portfolios; 
and 
● 
Substitution of a debtor’s credit rating for the credit rating of its guarantor.  Modifications were made to the 
guidelines to determine provisions relating to factoring operations; permitting the substitution of a debtor’s 
credit rating for the credit rating of its guarantor, subject to certain conditions being met. 
Further to the aforementioned amendments, the CMF (former SBIF) has developed standardized provisions for the 
remaining group portfolios (smaller size portfolios of consumer and commercial credits), together with the establishment of 
minimum conditions that must be met by the internal provisions for credit risk developed by each bank. 
Analysis of our Loan Classifications 
We perform “individual” assessments of loans that we consider significant relative to our loan portfolio, based on 
the amount of the loan and its size, complexity and the credit profile of the borrower.  Generally, we perform individual 
assessments of loans equal to or greater than UF20,000. 
We consider individually assessed loans as “non-compliant” loans when they are within C1, C2, C3, C4, C5 or C6 
categories, according to the categories set forth by the CMF.  See “—Guidelines of the Former SBIF.” 
We assess on a “collective” basis all of our loans that we do not assess individually, grouping them according to 
certain common characteristics such as the amount of the loan and the borrower’s credit profile.  Generally, we perform 
collective assessment of loans of less than UF20,000.

--- Page 169 ---
157 
The following tables provide statistical data regarding the classification of our commercial loans as of December 
31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 (excluding loans and receivables from banks). The CMF (former SBIF) requires that we prepare a 
risk analysis evaluating, for classification purposes only, a portion of our total commercial loan portfolio including overdue 
and contingent loans.  
 
As of December 31, 
Category 
2021 
2022 
2023 
A1 ...................................................................................................................... 
219,439  
336,129  
219,041 
A2 ...................................................................................................................... 
1,765,248  
1,770,588  
2,211,199 
A3 ...................................................................................................................... 
4,009,914  
4,163,317  
4,710,231 
A4 ...................................................................................................................... 
3,624,674  
4,245,383  
4,771,887 
A5 ...................................................................................................................... 
4,294,364  
5,244,578  
5,158,431 
A6 ...................................................................................................................... 
5,701,196  
7,544,539  
8,471,031 
B1 ...................................................................................................................... 
1,205,826  
1,118,327  
1,429,276 
B2 ...................................................................................................................... 
272,882  
182,978  
206,341 
B3 ...................................................................................................................... 
59,851  
43,996  
42,854 
B4 ...................................................................................................................... 
206,904  
64,952  
71,425 
C1 ...................................................................................................................... 
168,200  
209,339  
309,112 
C2 ...................................................................................................................... 
34,809  
124,586  
255,569 
C3 ...................................................................................................................... 
101,577  
93,140  
35,261 
C4 ...................................................................................................................... 
40,587  
42,820  
32,631 
C5 ...................................................................................................................... 
37,059  
33,937  
30,060 
C6 ...................................................................................................................... 
50,774  
49,642  
63,389 
Collective assessment ........................................................................................ 
5,383,333 
4,478,934 
4,399,638 
Total .................................................................................................................. 
27,176,637  
29,747,185  
32,417,376 
 
Under the guidelines issued by the CMF, our individually assessed loans are considered impaired when they are 
classified as B3, B4, C1, C2, C3, C4, C5 or C6.  Our collectively assessed loans are considered impaired when (i) they are 
90 days or more in default or (ii) they are restructured past due loans until we re-classify them as performing loans based on 
our periodic reassessment of such loans. 
The following tables provide information regarding our loans as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 under the 
guidelines as described above: 
As of December 31, 2023 
Regular 
Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-
performing 
Portfolio 
Total loans 
before 
allowances 
Regular 
provisions 
recorded 
Substandard 
provisions 
recorded 
Non-
performing 
provisions 
recorded 
Total 
allowances(1) 
Total loans 
net of 
allowances 
Impaired 
loans as 
a % of 
total 
loans by 
category 
Individually 
assessed 
loan 
allowances 
as a % of 
total loans 
Collectively 
assessed 
loan 
allowances 
as a% of 
total loans 
 
 
(In millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Commercial loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Commercial loans ............................. 13,839,636  
674,278  
880,346  15,394,260  
(106,117)  
(15,986)  
(199,180)  
(321,283)  15,072,977  
5.72% 
0.61% 
0.38% 
CNB commercial loans ..................... 10,748,719  
842,473  
147,942  11,739,134  
(53,452)  
(7,239)  
(7,805)  
(68,496)  11,670,638  
1.26% 
0.19% 
0.02% 
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
1,260,561  
15,410  
1,313  
1,277,284  
(4,827)  
(1,226)  
(525)  
(6,578)  
1,270,706  
0.10% 
0.02% 
- 
Foreign trade credits Chilean 
imports ........................................ 
382,591  
11,836  
6,692  
401,119  
(4,582)  
(1,195)  
(1,673)  
(7,450)  
393,669  
1.67% 
0.02% 
- 
Foreign trade credits between third 
countries ...................................... 
231,965  
6,487  
5,424  
243,876  
(606)  
(2)  
(4,881)  
(5,489)  
238,387  
2.22% 
0.02% 
- 
Debtors in current accounts .............. 
133,679  
5,189  
11,196  
150,064  
(2,226)  
(581)  
(6,067)  
(8,874)  
141,190  
7.46% 
0.01% 
0.02% 
Credit card debtors ........................... 
59,524  
903  
7,843  
68,270  
(1,739)  
(107)  
(4,425)  
(6,271)  
61,999  
11.49% 
0.00% 
0.02% 
Factoring Operations ........................ 
1,325,160  
42,702  
473  
1,368,335  
(11,277)  
(4,255)  
(184)  
(15,716)  
1,352,619  
0.03% 
0.04% 
- 
Commercial financial leasing 
operations .................................... 
1,452,243  
150,618  
46,013  
1,648,874  
(11,873)  
(3,025)  
(8,045)  
(22,943)  
1,625,931  
2.79% 
0.05% 
0.02% 
Student loans .................................... 
100,286  
-  
15,224  
115,510  
(1,258)  
-  
(2,709)  
(3,967)  
111,543  
13.18% 
- 
0.01% 
Other loans and receivable ................ 
70  
-  
10,580  
10,650  
(1,111)  
-  
(8,486)  
(9,597)  
1,053  
99.34% 
0.03% 
- 
Subtotal ............................................ 29,534,434  
1,749,896  
1,133,046  32,417,376  
(199,068)  
(33,616)  
(243,980)  
(476,664)  31,940,712  
3.50% 
1.00% 
0.47% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans with letters of credit ............... 
514  
-  
55  
569  
(1)  
-  
(5)  
(6)  
563  
9.67% 
- 
- 
Loans with endorsable mortgage 
mutual funds ................................ 
1,123  
-  
114  
1,237  
(4)  
-  
(9)  
(13)  
1,224  
9.22% 
- 
- 
Other credits with mortgage loans .... 10,038,917  
-  
381,885  10,420,802  
(17,526)  
-  
(35,901)  
(53,427)  10,367,375  
3.66% 
- 
0.39% 
CNB residential mortgage loans ....... 
3,318,287  
-  
6,456  
3,324,743  
(17,436)  
-  
(55)  
(17,491)  
3,307,252  
0.19% 
- 
0.13% 
Finance lease operations for 
mortgage ...................................... 
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
- 
- 
- 
Other loans and receivable ................ 
61,409  
-  
2,926  
64,335  
(148)  
-  
(246)  
(394)  
63,941  
4.55% 
- 
- 
Subtotal ............................................ 13,420,250  
-  
391,436  13,811,686  
(35,115)  
-  
(36,216)  
(71,331)  13,740,355  
2.83% 
- 
0.52% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
 
Consumer loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- 
 
Consumer loans in installments ........ 
1,565,967  
-  
174,027  
1,739,994  
(74,194)  
-  
(96,327)  
(170,521)  
1,569,473  
10.00% 
- 
5.37% 
CNB consumer loans ........................ 
13,244  
-  
-  
13,244  
(262)  
-  
-  
(262)  
12,982  
- 
- 
0.01% 
Debtors in current accounts .............. 
91,476  
-  
19,090  
110,566  
(6,927)  
-  
(14,235)  
(21,162)  
89,404  
17.27% 
- 
0.67% 
Credit card debtors ........................... 
1,192,207  
-  
78,984  
1,271,191  
(56,439)  
-  
(49,673)  
(106,112)  
1,165,079  
6.21% 
- 
3.34% 
Consumer finance lease operations ... 
428  
-  
4  
432  
(4)  
-  
(2)  
(6)  
426  
0.93% 
- 
- 
Other loans and receivable ................ 
41,996  
-  
371  
42,367  
(385)  
-  
(263)  
(648)  
41,719  
0.88% 
- 
0.02%

--- Page 170 ---
158 
As of December 31, 2023 
Regular 
Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-
performing 
Portfolio 
Total loans 
before 
allowances 
Regular 
provisions 
recorded 
Substandard 
provisions 
recorded 
Non-
performing 
provisions 
recorded 
Total 
allowances(1) 
Total loans 
net of 
allowances 
Impaired 
loans as 
a % of 
total 
loans by 
category 
Individually 
assessed 
loan 
allowances 
as a % of 
total loans 
Collectively 
assessed 
loan 
allowances 
as a% of 
total loans 
 
 
(In millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Subtotal ............................................ 
2,905,318  
-  
272,476  
3,177,794  
(138,211)  
-  
(160,500)  
(298,711)  
2,879,083  
8.57% 
- 
9.40% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total loans ...................................... 45,860,002  
1,749,896  
1,796,958  49,406,856  
(372,394)  
(33,616)  
(440,696)  
(846,706)  48,560,150  
3.64% 
0.65% 
1.06% 
 
(1) 
Includes guarantees deductibles, which are Ch$26,133 million for commercial loans. 
As of December 31, 2022 
Regular 
Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-
performing 
Portfolio 
Total loans 
before 
allowances 
Regular 
provisions 
recorded 
Substandard 
provisions 
recorded 
Non-
performing 
provisions 
recorded 
Total 
allowances(1) 
Total loans 
net of 
allowances 
Impaired 
loans as 
a % of 
total 
loans by 
category 
Individually 
assessed 
loan 
allowances 
as a % of 
total loans 
Collectively 
assessed 
loan 
allowances 
as a% of 
total loans 
 
 
(In millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Commercial loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Commercial loans ............................. 
12,875,627 
750,806 
716,140 
14,342,573 
(71,025) 
(19,848) 
(185,803) 
(313,335) 
14,029,238 
4.99% 
1.32% 
0.86% 
CNB commercial loans ..................... 
10,586,779 
453,237 
85,169 
11,125,185 
(65,393) 
(4,723) 
(7,447) 
(77,563) 
11,047,622 
0.77% 
0.63% 
0.07% 
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
603,108 
22,896 
8,014 
634,018 
(6,122) 
(549) 
(3,168) 
(9,839) 
624,179 
1.26% 
1.52% 
0.03% 
Foreign trade credits Chilean 
imports ........................................ 
424,870 
11,610 
- 
436,480 
(4,708) 
(2,293) 
- 
(7,001) 
429,479 
0.00% 
1.47% 
0.14% 
Foreign trade credits between third 
countries ...................................... 
185,475 
11,505 
- 
196,980 
(723) 
(2,261) 
- 
(2,984) 
193,996 
0.00% 
1.51% 
0.00% 
Debtors in current accounts .............. 
124,330 
10,076 
8,226 
142,632 
(2,345) 
(1,084) 
(4,448) 
(7,877) 
134,755 
5.77% 
1.52% 
4.00% 
Credit card debtors ........................... 
59,538 
930 
5,718 
66,186 
(1,769) 
(109) 
(3,294) 
(5,172) 
61,014 
8.64% 
0.84% 
6.97% 
Factoring Operations ........................ 
1,268,179 
10,015 
5,409 
1,283,603 
(12,875) 
(326) 
(2,676) 
(15,877) 
1,267,726 
0.42% 
1.08% 
0.16% 
Commercial financial leasing 
operations .................................... 
1,205,667 
139,178 
38,621 
1,383,466 
(8,292) 
(1,535) 
(10,490) 
(20,317) 
1,363,149 
2.79% 
0.98% 
0.49% 
Student loans .................................... 
116,262 
- 
11,468 
127,730 
(1,447) 
- 
(2,137) 
(3,584) 
124,146 
8.98% 
0.00% 
2.81% 
Other loans and receivable ................ 
71 
- 
8,261 
8,332 
(1,197) 
- 
(5,495) 
(6,692) 
1,640 
99.15% 
76.44% 
3.88% 
Subtotal ............................................ 
27,449,906 
1,410,253 
887,026 
29,747,185 
(175,896) 
(32,728) 
(224,958) 
(470,241) 
29,276,944 
2.98% 
0.98% 
0.48% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans with letters of credit ............... 
1,278 
- 
121 
1,399 
(2) 
- 
(12) 
(14) 
1,385 
8.65% 
- 
1.00% 
Loans with endorsable mortgage 
mutual funds ................................ 
1,518 
- 
140 
1,658 
(3) 
- 
(12) 
(15) 
1,643 
8.44% 
- 
0.90% 
Other credits with mortgage loans .... 
9,573,654 
- 
267,400 
9,841,054 
(13,773) 
- 
(23,862) 
(37,635) 
9,803,419 
2.72% 
- 
0.38% 
CNB residential mortgage loans ....... 
2,929,082 
- 
21,104 
2,950,186 
(44,814) 
- 
(20) 
(44,834) 
2,905,352 
0.72% 
- 
1.52% 
Finance lease operations for 
mortgage ...................................... 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0.00% 
- 
0.00% 
Other loans and receivable ................ 
93,176 
- 
5,025 
98,201 
(216) 
- 
(403) 
(619) 
97,582 
5.12% 
- 
0.63% 
Subtotal ............................................ 
12,598,708 
- 
293,790 
12,892,498 
(58,808) 
- 
(24,309) 
(83,117) 
12,809,381 
2.28% 
- 
0.64% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans in installments ........ 
1.706.176 
- 
152.122 
1,858,298 
(63,222) 
- 
(83,450) 
(146,672) 
1,715,754 
8.19% 
- 
7.89% 
CNB consumer loans ........................ 
51.729 
- 
- 
51,729 
(4,128) 
- 
- 
(4,128) 
47,601 
0.00% 
- 
7.98% 
Debtors in current accounts .............. 
90.767 
- 
14.404 
105,171 
(6,490) 
- 
(10,617) 
(17,107) 
88,064 
13.70% 
- 
16.27% 
Credit card debtors ........................... 
1.366.870 
- 
106.046 
1,472,916 
(85,226) 
- 
(70,605) 
(155,831) 
1,317,085 
7.20% 
- 
10.58% 
Consumer finance lease operations ... 
309 
- 
- 
309 
(4) 
- 
- 
(4) 
305 
0.00% 
- 
0.00% 
Other loans and receivable ................ 
47.930 
- 
259 
48,189 
(4,015) 
- 
(176) 
(4,191) 
43,998 
0.54% 
- 
8.70% 
Subtotal ............................................ 
3.263.781 
- 
272.831 
3,536,612 
(163,085) 
- 
(164,848) 
(327,933) 
3,212,807 
7.71% 
- 
9.27% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total loans ...................................... 
43,312,395 
1,410,253 
1,453,647 
46,176,295 
(264,162) 
(32,278) 
(414,115) 
(881,291) 
45,299,132 
3.15% 
0.63% 
1.20% 
 
(1) 
Includes guarantees deductibles, which are Ch$36,659 million for commercial loans. 
As of December 31, 2021 
Regular 
Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-
performing 
Portfolio 
Total loans 
before 
allowances 
Regular 
provisions 
recorded 
Substandard 
provisions 
recorded 
Non-
performing 
provisions 
recorded 
Total 
allowances(1) 
Total loans 
net of 
allowances 
Impaired 
loans as 
a % of 
total 
loans by 
category 
Individually 
assessed 
loan 
allowances 
as a % of 
total loans 
Collectively 
assessed 
loan 
allowances 
as a% of 
total loans 
 
 
(In millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Commercial loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Commercial loans ............................. 
11,835,558 
1,012,269 
653,525 
13,501,352 
(65,948) 
(29,409) 
(198,824) 
(340,373) 
13,160,979 
4.84% 
1.55% 
0.97% 
CNB commercial loans ..................... 
8,802,267 
591,617 
68,468 
9,462,352 
(60,771) 
(9,632) 
(5,387) 
(75,790) 
9,386,562 
0.72% 
0.64% 
0.16% 
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
617,128 
18,479 
307 
635,914 
(9,556) 
(292) 
(174) 
(10,022) 
625,892 
0.05% 
1.51% 
0.07% 
Foreign trade credits Chilean 
imports ........................................ 
353,923 
11,377 
27 
365,327 
(4,861) 
(1,702) 
(15) 
(6,578) 
358,749 
0.01% 
1.69% 
0.11% 
Foreign trade credits between third 
countries ...................................... 
235,519 
14,895 
- 
247,414 
(835) 
(2,744) 
- 
(3,579) 
243,835 
0.00% 
1.45% 
0.00% 
Debtors in current accounts .............. 
99,649 
4,709 
8,224 
112,582 
(1,986) 
(567) 
(4,573) 
(7,126) 
105,456 
7.30% 
1.61% 
4.72% 
Credit card debtors ........................... 
53,147 
799 
4,123 
58,069 
(1,467) 
(92) 
(2,284) 
(3,843) 
54,226 
7.10% 
0.43% 
6.19% 
Factoring Operations ........................ 
1,077,000 
10,070 
931 
1,088,001 
(11,422) 
(514) 
(266) 
(12,202) 
1,075,799 
0.09% 
0.94% 
0.18% 
Commercial financial leasing 
operations .................................... 
1,444,962 
81,247 
37,581 
1,563,790 
(11,635) 
(1,088) 
(11,465) 
(24,188) 
1,539,602 
2.40% 
1.12% 
0.43% 
Student loans .................................... 
119,585 
- 
18,568 
138,153 
(1,467) 
- 
(3,547) 
(5,014) 
133,139 
13.44% 
0.00% 
3.63% 
Other loans and receivable ................ 
5 
- 
3,678 
3,683 
- 
- 
(1,736) 
(1,736) 
1,947 
99.86% 
32.83% 
14.31% 
Subtotal ............................................ 
24,635,743 
1,745,462 
795,432 
27,176,637 
(169,948) 
(46,040) 
(228,271) 
(490,451) 
26,686,186 
2.93% 
1.09% 
0.55% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Loans with letters of credit ............... 
2,949 
- 
239 
3,188 
- 
- 
(1) 
(1) 
3,187 
7.50% 
- 
0.03% 
Loans with endorsable mortgage 
mutual funds ................................ 
2,153 
- 
277 
2,430 
(1) 
- 
(3) 
(4) 
2,426 
11.40% 
- 
0.16% 
Other credits with mortgage loans .... 
8,263,247 
- 
236,608 
8,499,855 
(17,205) 
- 
(12,190) 
(29,395) 
8,470,460 
2.78% 
- 
0.35% 
CNB residential mortgage loans ....... 
2,102,812 
- 
20,235 
2,123,047 
(22,167) 
- 
(360) 
(22,527) 
2,100,520 
0.95% 
- 
1.06% 
Finance lease operations for 
mortgage ...................................... 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
0.00% 
- 
0.00% 
Other loans and receivable ................ 
116,416 
- 
6,729 
123,145 
(208) 
- 
(474) 
(682) 
122,463 
5.46% 
- 
0.55% 
Subtotal ............................................ 
10,487,577 
- 
264,088 
10,751,665 
(39,581) 
- 
(13,028) 
(52,609) 
10,699,056 
2.46% 
- 
0.49% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans in installments ........ 
1.775.886 
- 
125.377 
1,901,263 
(47,394) 
- 
(63,378) 
(110,772) 
1,790,491 
6.59% 
- 
5.83%

--- Page 171 ---
159 
As of December 31, 2021 
Regular 
Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-
performing 
Portfolio 
Total loans 
before 
allowances 
Regular 
provisions 
recorded 
Substandard 
provisions 
recorded 
Non-
performing 
provisions 
recorded 
Total 
allowances(1) 
Total loans 
net of 
allowances 
Impaired 
loans as 
a % of 
total 
loans by 
category 
Individually 
assessed 
loan 
allowances 
as a % of 
total loans 
Collectively 
assessed 
loan 
allowances 
as a% of 
total loans 
 
 
(In millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
CNB consumer loans ........................ 
51.526 
- 
571 
52,097 
(554) 
- 
(31) 
(585) 
51,512 
1.10% 
- 
1.12% 
Debtors in current accounts .............. 
65.289 
- 
7.612 
72,901 
(3,115) 
- 
(5,743) 
(8,858) 
64,043 
10.44% 
- 
12.15% 
Credit card debtors ........................... 
1.315.639 
- 
43.173 
1,358,812 
(60,304) 
- 
(26,489) 
(86,793) 
1,272,019 
3.18% 
- 
6.39% 
Consumer finance lease operations ... 
388 
- 
- 
388 
(5) 
- 
- 
(5) 
383 
0.00% 
- 
1.29% 
Other loans and receivable ................ 
44.657 
- 
671 
45,328 
(540) 
- 
(99) 
(639) 
44,689 
1.48% 
- 
1.41% 
Subtotal ............................................ 
3.253.385 
- 
177.404 
3,430,789 
(111,912) 
- 
(95,740) 
(207,652) 
3,223,137 
5.17% 
- 
6.05% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total loans ...................................... 
38,376,705 
1,745,462 
1,236,924 
41,359,091 
(321,441) 
(46,040) 
(337,039) 
(750,712) 
40,608,379 
2.99% 
0.72% 
0.99% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
Includes guarantees deductibles, which are Ch$46,192 million for commercial loans. 
Classification of Loan Portfolio Based on the Borrower’s Payment Performance  
Accrued interest and inflation indexation from overdue loans are only recognized when and to the extent effectively 
received.  Overdue loans are classified in groups of 1 to 29 days overdue, 30 to 89 days overdue, and 90 or more days overdue 
(the last group being referred to as “past due loans”).  Past due loans include, with respect to any loan, the amount of any 
principal or interest that is 90 or more days overdue.  Past due loans are required to be covered by individual allowances for 
loan losses equivalent to 100% of any unsecured portion thereof, but only if and to the extent that the aggregate of all 
individual allowances for loan losses exceed the global allowance for loan losses.  
The tables below set forth the outstanding principal amount of loans that is current, overdue (less than 90 days) and 
past due (overdue 90 or more days) as to payment of principal and interest, as of the dates indicated.  Loan amounts in the 
table are presented before deduction for allowances for loan losses. 
 
As of December 31, 
Category 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
 
 
Current 
39,622,877 
43,225,847 
47,029,060  
Overdue 1-29 days.................................................................... 
1,781,568 
2,574,728 
1,889,362  
Overdue 30-89 days .................................................................. 
260,466 
419,531 
566,484  
Past due 90 days or more (“past due”)(1) ................................... 
334,512 
544,852 
602,976  
Total overdue loans and past due .......................................... 
2,376,546 
3,539,111 
3,058,822  
Total loans .................................................................................. 
41,999,423 
46,944,958 
50,087,882 
Impaired loans(s)(2) ................................................................... 
1,502,866 
1,562,681 
1,796,958  
Overdue and past due loans as a percentage of total loans ....... 
5.66% 
7.92% 
6.19% 
Past due loans as a percentage of total loans ............................ 
0.80% 
1.16% 
1.22% 
Impaired loans as a percentage of total loans ........................... 
3.58% 
3.33% 
3.64% 
 
(1) 
Our “past due” include only the portion of principal and interest of loans that is overdue for 90 or more days and do not include the installments of 
such loan that are not overdue  or that are overdue for less than 90 days, unless (i) any portion of the loan is overdue for 180 days or more, in which 
case the entire loan is considered past due, or (ii) legal proceedings have been commenced for the entire outstanding balance according to the terms of 
the loan, in which case the entire loan is considered past due within 90 days after initiation of such proceedings. 
(2) 
Our “impaired” loans include the aggregate amount of loan of a customer that has at least one loan overdue more than 90 days or present a deteriorated 
credit assessment (loans overdue less than 90 days but a borrower classification of B3 or B4). 
We will stop recognizing income on an accrual basis for the assets at amortized cost “Loans and advances to banks” 
and “Loans and receivables from customers” in the statement of income when the loan or one of its installments is 90 days 
past due. The suspension of the recognition of income on an accrual basis implies that, from the date on which it must be 
suspended and until such loans are no longer in the impaired portfolio, the corresponding assets will not be increased with 
interest, inflation-indexation or fees in the consolidated statements of financial situation and no income will be recognized 
for these concepts in the consolidated statements of income for the period, unless they are actually received. In this regard, 
income actually received from interest, inflation-indexation or fees shall be recognized as indicated in Chapter C-3 of the 
New Compendium.  
The following table sets forth, as of the dates indicated, the amounts of loans over certain of which the accrual of 
interest income had been discontinued.  
 
As of December 31, 
Category 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Overdue loans (excluding past due) ..........................................  
2,042,034 
3,174,259 
2,455,846

--- Page 172 ---
160 
 
As of December 31, 
Category 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Past due loans ............................................................................  
334,512 
544,852 
602,976 
Impaired loans ...........................................................................  
1,502,866 
1,562,681 
1,796,958 
 
Risk Index 
The risk index of our loan portfolio is calculated as allowances for loan losses as a percentage of total loans.  Our 
risk index was 1.82%, 1.90% and 1.71% as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 
Analysis of Allowances for Loan Losses 
The following tables analyze our allowances for loan losses and changes in the allowances attributable to charge-
offs, provisions established, provisions released over the allowances for loan losses: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except for percentages) 
Credit loss expense: 
 
Allowances for loan losses at beginning of period ......................................................... 
(788,716) 
  (750,712)  
(877,163) 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period ................. 
(36,434) 
  (41,925)  
(5,044) 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end 
of the period portfolio from (-) to (+): ............................................................................ 
(4,536) 
  (136,061)  
(145,436) 
New loans originated ...................................................................................................... 
(148,854) 
(157,683) 
(106,346) 
New loans for conversion of contingent to loans ............................................................ 
(37,695) 
(51,225) 
(36,206) 
Sale or transfer of loans .................................................................................................. 
2 
3,736 
-  
Loan repayment .............................................................................................................. 
160,501 
111,770 
150,624  
Application of provisions for write-offs ......................................................................... 
108,085 
134,720 
180,838  
Recovery of written-off credits ....................................................................................... 
(415) 
(2,034) 
(188) 
Translation differences ................................................................................................... 
(3,638) 
12,251 
(3,825) 
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) .................................................................... 
988 
- 
(3,957) 
Allowances for loan losses at end of the period(1) .................................................... 
(750,712) 
(877,163) 
(846,706) 
  
 
 
Other asset quality data: 
 
 
Total loans and receivables from customers ................................................................ 
41,359,091 
46,176,295 
49,406,856  
Consolidated risk index (%)(2) ..................................................................................... 
1.82% 
1.90% 
1.71% 
Additional allowances for loan losses ......................................................................... 
350,143 
415,022 
375,900  
Allowances for loan losses including contingency allowances ................................... 
1,100,855 
1,292,185 
1,222,606  
Allowances for loan losses (including contingency allowances) as a percentage of 
total loans ................................................................................................................. 
2.66% 
2.80% 
2.47% 
 
(1) 
Allowances for loan losses at end of the period does not include provision for interbank loans. 
(2) 
The risk index of our loan portfolio is calculated as allowances for loan losses as a percentage of total loans. 
Our policy with respect to write-offs follows the regulations established by the CMF. Under these regulations, (i) an 
unsecured loan (or a part of it) must be written off no more than 24 months after being classified as overdue and secured 
loans must be written off within 36 months after being classified as overdue, (ii) a loan must be charged-off when we do not 
have any right to exercise an action for collection in the courts, and (iii) in the case of loans payable in installments, the 
aggregate amount of the loan must be charged-off when one installment is overdue six months in the case of consumer loans 
and for 48 months in the case of mortgage loans, respectively. 
Based on information available regarding our debtors, we believe that our allowances for loan losses are sufficient 
to cover known potential losses and losses inherent in a loan portfolio such as ours. 
Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses 
The following tables set forth, as of the dates indicated, the amounts of allowance for loan losses attributable to 
commercial, consumer and residential mortgage loans, and the allowance amount as a percentage of loans in the 
corresponding category and as a percentage of total loans:

--- Page 173 ---
161 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2022 
2023 
 
Allowance 
amount 
Allowance 
amount as a 
percentage 
of loans in 
category 
Allowance 
amount as a 
percentage 
of total 
loans 
Loans in a 
category as a 
percentage 
of total loans 
Allowance 
amount 
Allowance 
amount as a 
percentage 
of loans in 
category 
Allowance 
amount as a 
percentage 
of total 
loans 
Loans in a 
category as a 
percentage of 
total loans 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Commercial loans: 
Commercial loans ......................................  
(313,335) 
2.2% 
0.7% 
31.1% 
(321,283)  
2.09% 
0.65% 
31.2% 
CNB commercial loans ..............................  
(77,563) 
0.7% 
0.2% 
24.1% 
(68,496)  
0.58% 
0.14% 
23.8% 
Foreign trade credit Chilean exports ..........  
(9,839) 
1.6% 
- 
1.4% 
(6,578)  
0.51% 
0.01% 
2.6% 
Foreign trade credit Chilean imports..........  
(7,001) 
1.6% 
- 
0.9% 
(7,450)  
1.86% 
0.02% 
0.8% 
Foreign trade credit between third 
countries .................................................  
(2,984) 
1.5% 
- 
0.4% 
(5,489)  
2.25% 
0.01% 
0.4% 
Debtors in current accounts .......................  
(7,877) 
5.5% 
- 
0.3% 
(8,874)  
5.91% 
0.02% 
0.3% 
Credit card debtors.....................................  
(5,172) 
7.8% 
- 
0.1% 
(6,271)  
9.19% 
0.01% 
0.1% 
Factoring operations ..................................  
(15,877) 
1.2% 
- 
2.8% 
(15,716)  
1.15% 
0.03% 
2.8% 
Commercial financial leasing operations ...  
(20,317) 
1.5% 
- 
3.0% 
(22,943)  
1.39% 
0.05% 
3.3% 
Student loans .............................................  
(3,584) 
2.8% 
- 
0.3% 
(3,967)  
3.43% 
0.01% 
0.2% 
Other loans and receivables .......................  
(6,692) 
80.3% 
- 
- 
(9,597)  
90.11% 
0.02% 
0.0% 
Subtotal......................................................  
(470,241) 
1.6% 
1.0% 
64.4% 
(476,664)  
1.47% 
0.96% 
65.6% 
  
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans: 
 
 
 
 
Loans with letter of credits ........................  
(14) 
1.0% 
- 
- 
(6)  
- 
- 
- 
Loans with endorsable mortgage mutual 
funds ......................................................  
(15) 
0.9% 
- 
- 
(13)  
- 
- 
- 
Loans with mutual funds financed with 
mortgage bonds ......................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credits with mortgage loans .............  
(37,635) 
0.4% 
0.1% 
21.3% 
(53,427)  
0.39% 
0.11% 
21.1% 
CNB residential mortgage loans ................  
(44,834) 
1.5% 
0.1% 
6.4% 
(17,491)  
0.13% 
0.04% 
6.7% 
Finance lease operations for mortgage .......  
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
- 
- 
-  
Other loans and receivable .........................  
(619) 
0.6% 
- 
0.2% 
(394)  
- 
- 
0.1% 
Subtotal......................................................  
(83,117) 
0.6% 
0.2% 
27.9% 
(71,331)  
0.52% 
0.14% 
27.9% 
  
 
 
 
 
Consumer Loans: 
 
 
 
 
Consumer loans in installments ..............  
(142,544) 
7.5% 
0.3% 
4.0% 
(170,521)  
5.37% 
0.35% 
3.5% 
CNB consumer loans..............................  
(4,128) 
8.0% 
- 
0.1% 
(262)  
0.01% 
0.00% 
0.0% 
Debtors in current accounts ....................  
(17,107) 
16.3% 
- 
0.2% 
(21,162)  
0.67% 
0.04% 
0.2% 
Credit card debtors .................................  
(155,831) 
10.6% 
0.3% 
3.2% 
(106,112)  
3.34% 
0.21% 
2.6% 
Consumer finance lease operations ........  
(4) 
1.3% 
- 
- 
(6)  
- 
- 
- 
Other loans and receivables ....................  
(4,191) 
8.7% 
- 
0.1% 
(648)  
0.02% 
- 
0.1% 
Subtotal ..................................................  
(323,805) 
9.2% 
0.7% 
7.7% 
(298,711)  
9.40% 
0.60% 
6.4% 
Total ...................................................  
(877,163) 
1.8% 
0.6% 
100.0% 
(846,706)  
1.7% 
0.65% 
100.0% 
 
Note:  Based on our loan classification, as required by the CMF (former SBIF) for the purpose of determining loan loss allowances. 
During the last three years, all of our ten largest (per year) loan charge-offs were related to commercial loans.  These 
loans were outstanding loans to borrowers engaged in a wide variety of activities. Our management is not otherwise aware 
of any concentration of loan charge-offs or allowance for loan losses in any particular area of economic activity. 
Composition of Deposits and Other Commitments 
The following table sets forth the average balances of our deposits and other commitments over which we disburse 
interest for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023. 
 
For the year ended December 31, 
 
2021  
2022 
2023 
 
Average 
balance 
Average 
Nominal 
Rate 
Average 
balance 
Average 
Nominal Rate 
Average 
balance 
Average 
Nominal 
Rate 
Time deposits ..................................................... 
10,101,095 
0.85% 
14,253,848 
5.76% 
15,302,779 
9.98% 
Saving accounts .................................................. 
1,932,890 
1.85% 
2,468,387 
3.60% 
2,336,704 
13.05% 
Total ............................................................... 
12,033,985 
 
16,722,235 
 
17,639,483

--- Page 174 ---
162 
Maturity of Deposits 
The following tables sets forth information regarding the currency and maturity of our deposits at December 31, 
2021, 2022 and 2023. UF-denominated deposits are similar to peso-denominated deposits in all respects, except that the 
principal is readjusted periodically based on variations in the Chilean consumer price index.  
 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
Ch$ 
UF 
Foreign 
Currency 
(other than 
US$) 
US$ 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Current accounts and demand deposits .................. 
8,053,859  
88,551  
- 
15,667,888  
23,810,298  
Savings accounts .................................................... 
- 
63,772  
- 
- 
63,772  
Term deposits: 
 
 
 
 
 
Maturity within 3 months ....................................... 
6,646,630  
302,673  
157,988  
4,383,580  
11,490,871  
Maturity after 3 but within 6 months ...................... 
638,081  
177,719  
24,312  
3,083,957  
3,924,069  
Maturity after 6 but within 12 months .................... 
666,375  
224,806  
26,444  
1,409,200  
2,326,825  
Maturity after 12 months ........................................ 
608  
2,853  
8,194  
621,868  
633,523  
Total term deposits ............................................. 
7,951,694  
708,051  
216,938  
9,498,605  
18,375,288  
Total deposits ................................................ 
16,005,553  
860,374  
216,938  
25,166,493  
42,249,358  
 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
 
Ch$ 
UF 
Foreign 
Currency 
(other than 
US$) 
US$ 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Current accounts and demand deposits .................. 
7,750,959  
74,858  
-  
16,296,348  
24,122,165  
Savings accounts .................................................... 
-  
71,647  
-  
-  
71,647  
Term deposits: 
 
 
 
 
 
Maturity within 3 months ....................................... 
9,807,557  
122,873  
7,113  
4,133,575  
14,071,118  
Maturity after 3 but within 6 months ...................... 
984,163  
266,930  
29  
455,139  
1,706,261  
Maturity after 6 but within 12 months .................... 
1,338,077  
354,518  
20  
484,738  
2,177,353  
Maturity after 12 months ........................................ 
97,392  
92,281  
-  
27,640  
217,313  
Total term deposits ............................................. 
12,227,189  
836,602  
7,162  
5,101,092  
18,172,045  
Total deposits ................................................ 
19,978,148  
983,107  
7,162  
21,397,440  
42,365,857  
 
 
As of December 31, 2021 
 
Ch$ 
UF 
Foreign 
Currency 
(other than 
US$) 
US$ 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Current accounts and demand deposits .................. 
11,640,462 
72,576 
42,250 
15,898,154 
27,653,442 
Savings accounts .................................................... 
 - 
66,960 
 - 
 - 
66,960 
Term deposits: 
 
 
 
 
 
Maturity within 3 months ....................................... 
5,775,338 
62,191 
7,422 
2,359,444 
8,204,395 
Maturity after 3 but within 6 months ...................... 
468,783 
3,930 
82 
493,496 
966,291 
Maturity after 6 but within 12 months .................... 
739,820 
34 
 - 
802,225 
1,542,079 
Maturity after 12 months ........................................ 
370 
509 
- 
                 
84,544 
85,423 
Total term deposits ............................................. 
6,984,311 
66,664 
7,504 
3,739,709 
10,798,188 
Total deposits ................................................ 
18,624,773 
206,200 
49,754 
19,637,863 
38,518,590 
 
The following tables set forth information regarding the maturity of our outstanding term deposits in excess of 
US$100,000 as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023:

--- Page 175 ---
163 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
Ch$ 
UF 
Foreign 
Currency 
US$ 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Time deposits 
  
  
  
  
Maturity within 3 months................................... 
213,437  
1,286  
2,251,965  
8,372,974  
10,839,662  
Maturity after 3 but within 6 months ................. 
146,530  
-  
383,198  
1,262,215  
1,791,943  
Maturity after 6 but within 12 months ............... 
211,529  
-  
73,900  
1,073,173  
1,358,602  
Maturity after 12 months ................................... 
1,891  
-  
16,351  
73,621  
91,863  
Total deposits in excess of US$100,000........ 
573,387  
1,286  
2,725,414  
10,781,983  
14,082,070  
 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
 
Ch$ 
UF 
Foreign 
Currency 
US$ 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Time deposits 
  
  
  
  
Maturity within 3 months................................... 
4,429,863  
70,358  
2,246  
4,025,144  
8,527,611  
Maturity after 3 but within 6 months ................. 
883,398  
203,985  
-  
451,396  
1,538,779  
Maturity after 6 but within 12 months ............... 
1,307,052  
314,596  
-  
483,600  
2,105,248  
Maturity after 12 months ................................... 
100,185  
91,828  
-  
27,470  
219,483  
Total deposits in excess of US$100,000........ 
6,720,498  
680,767  
2,246  
4,987,610  
12,391,121  
 
 
As of December 31, 2021 
 
Ch$ 
UF 
Foreign 
Currency 
US$ 
Total 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
Time deposits 
  
  
  
  
Maturity within 3 months................................... 
4,586,655 
162 
2 
940,627 
5,527,446 
Maturity after 3 but within 6 months ................. 
36,479 
- 
- 
42,383 
78,862 
Maturity after 6 but within 12 months ............... 
94,700 
- 
- 
112,666 
207,366 
Maturity after 12 months ................................... 
- 
- 
 - 
1,252 
1,252 
Total deposits in excess of US$100,000........ 
4,717,834 
162 
2 
1,096,928 
5,814,926 
 
 
Minimum Capital Requirements 
The following table sets forth our minimum capital requirements set by the CMF as of the dates indicated. 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Total assets for regulatory purposes .................................................... 
67,882,311 
76,547,366 
78,294,555  
Risk-weighted assets............................................................................ 
43,289,785 
48,592,636 
52,063,516  
Common equity tier 1 capital (CET1) ................................................. 
4,324,894 
4,621,567 
5,908,735  
Additional tier 1 capital ....................................................................... 
432,898 
242,963 
-  
Capital level 1 ...................................................................................... 
4,757,792 
4,808,407 
5,768,360  
Tier 2 capital ........................................................................................ 
1,089,687 
1,486,300 
1,739,948  
Effective equity ................................................................................... 
5,847,479 
6,294,707 
7,508,308  
Leverage indicator ............................................................................... 
6.37% 
5.96% 
7.37% 
Common equity tier 1 capital indicator ............................................... 
9.99% 
9.40% 
11.08% 
Level 1 capital indicator ...................................................................... 
10.99% 
9.90% 
11.08% 
 
Short-Term Borrowings 
The principal categories of our short-term borrowings are Central Bank of Chile borrowing, borrowings under 
foreign trade credit lines, liabilities under agreements to repurchase and domestic interbank loans. The following table 
presents the amounts outstanding and the weighted average nominal interest rate as of and for years ended for each type of 
short-term borrowing, as detailed below:

--- Page 176 ---
164 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
Year-end 
Balance 
Weighted 
average yield 
interest rate 
Year-end 
Balance 
Weighted 
average 
yield 
interest rate 
Year-end 
Balance 
Weighted 
average 
yield 
interest rate 
Other liabilities to Central Bank of Chile ... 
 4,541,402  
0.51% 
4,515,654  
0.28% 
4,575,128 
0.43% 
Loans received from foreign financial  
institutions............................................... 
2,012,708 
0.56% 
1,736,799 
4.37% 
2,188,144 
5.78% 
Liabilities under agreements to repurchase . 
  141,178  
5.96% 
384,883 
0.85% 
706,623 
1.33% 
Loans received from domestic financial 
institutions............................................... 
416,727 
0.20% 
408,618 
0.92% 
362,713 
0.80% 
Total short-term borrowings ................ 
7,112,015 
0.61% 
7,045,954 
1.36% 
7,832,607 
2.02% 
 
The following table shows the average balance and the average nominal rate for each short-term borrowing category 
as of and for the years indicated: 
 
Year ended December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
Average 
balance 
Average 
nominal 
rate 
Average 
balance 
Average 
nominal rate 
Average 
balance 
Average 
nominal 
rate 
 
(in millions of Ch$, except percentages) 
Securities sold under agreements to 
repurchase ................................................... 
257,394 
5.96% 
279,842 
0.85% 
568,540 
1.33% 
Central Bank borrowings ................................ 
4,391,164 
0.51% 
4,499,514 
0.28% 
4,545,387 
0.43% 
Domestic interbank loans ............................... 
721,658 
0.56% 
309,960 
0.92% 
334,750 
0.80% 
Subtotal ................................................... 
5,370,216 
0.78% 
5,089,316 
0.35% 
5,448,677 
0.54% 
Borrowings under foreign trade credit lines .... 
1,449,594 
0.20% 
1,798,064 
4.37% 
1,941,723 
5,78% 
Total short-term borrowings .................... 
6,819,810 
0.65% 
6,887,380 
1.40% 
7,390,400 
1.92% 
 
The following table presents the maximum month-end balances of our principal sources of short-term borrowings 
for the years indicated: 
 
Maximum 2021 
month-end balance 
Maximum 2022 
month-end balance 
Maximum 2023 
month-end balance 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
 
 
 
 
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase.............  
367,556  
399,838 
908,246 
Domestic interbank loans ..............................................  
1,393,322  
524,376  
607,320 
Borrowings under foreign trade credit lines ..................  
2,061,082  
1,969,354  
2,451,128 
Central Bank borrowings ...............................................  
4,588,671  
4,530,780  
4,575,128

--- Page 177 ---
165 
REGULATION AND SUPERVISION 
Banking Legislation 
The General Banking Law was amended by Law No. 19,528 enacted on November 4, 1997 (the “1997 
Amendment”).  Prior to the 1997 Amendment, the General Banking Law limited the activities in which banks may engage.  
The Amendment liberalized the General Banking Law by allowing banks to engage, either through subsidiaries or directly, 
in other types of activities according to generally applicable regulations issued by the CMF, based on the risk of the activity 
and the financial strength of the respective bank.  The General Banking Law specifically allows banks to provide direct 
leasing, financial services (portfolio management), direct financial advisory services and offer factoring, underwriting and 
pass-through of securities services, and also allows bank subsidiaries to provide investment advisory services outside of Chile, 
offer factoring and securitization products and provide loan collection and insurance brokerage services (excluding social 
security insurance).  Chilean banks are also allowed to make loans to foreign companies or Chilean companies operating 
abroad and to open subsidiaries outside of Chile.  Formerly, the General Banking Law permitted the CMF to deny new 
banking licenses on a discretionary basis.  After the 1997 Amendment, the General Banking Law permits the CMF to reject 
new banking licenses only if the applicant does not comply with generally applicable requirements. 
In 2004, new amendments to the General Banking Law granted additional powers to banks, including the ability to 
underwrite new issues of certain debt and equity securities and create subsidiaries to engage in activities related to banking, 
such as brokerage, investment advisory, mutual fund services, management of investment funds, factoring, securitization 
products and financial leasing services. 
In 2006, the General Banking Law was amended to eliminate a bank’s ability to distribute less than 30% of its 
earnings as dividends in any given year, subject to the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such bank’s common 
shares. 
Furthermore, in 2009, Law No. 20,382 was passed in order to fulfill previous agreements by the Chilean government 
and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, or OECD, to improve Chilean corporate governance 
practices.  Among its various provisions, it requires publicly held corporations to designate independent directors and contains 
improvements regarding directors’ duty to disclose material information to the market.  In addition, Law No. 20,393 regulates 
the crimes of money laundering, terrorism financing and bribery, establishing the requirement of having specific internal 
control systems and procedures to prevent them. 
Additionally, on December 5, 2009, Law No. 20,406 was passed, authorizing the Chilean Internal Revenue Service 
to gather information related to banking operations from commercial banks.  Previously, those records were considered 
confidential and could only be investigated pursuant to a court order. 
In May 2010, the Chilean government announced a new capital markets reform entitled Reformas al Mercado 
Financiero Bicentenario, also known as “MKB,” which the Chilean government has implemented through various legislative 
initiatives and administrative reforms.  The reforms seek to further enhance the international integration of Chile’s financial 
market, create a regulatory framework that fosters innovation and entrepreneurship, continue the adoption of the best 
international practices on competition, supervision and transparency, increase the depth and liquidity of the financial system 
and widen the access to it. 
The main features of this agenda included: 
● 
the regulation and reform of the tax treatment of the fixed-income, derivatives and the administration of funds 
(already in place); 
● 
the creation of a national financial consumer agency to protect customers of financial services (already in place); 
● 
legislative measures to reduce cyclical variations in the credit supply and render the system more secure, solvent 
and liquid; 
● 
incentives to encourage transparency and proper price formation by allowing the integration of local stock 
exchanges with others in Latin America, increasing price information in the foreign exchange market, certifying 
financial professionals and limiting use of market-sensitive information (already in place); 
● 
strengthening the governance of the CMF and increasing the autonomy of the CMF;

--- Page 178 ---
166 
● 
reform the Bankruptcy Law; 
● 
improve access of individuals and small- and medium-size business to the capital markets, increase bank 
penetration, reduce the costs associated with initial public offerings and create new incentives for innovation 
and venture capital; and 
● 
develop new markets and financial products that result in lower-cost financing alternatives. 
Several administrative measures, such as the creation of the Financial Stability Council, were adopted.   
On August 13, 2010, Law No. 20,448 (Reformas al Mercado de Capitales III, also known as MK3) was passed to 
(i) permit non-Chilean banks with representative offices in Chile to offer their credit products to customers directly and (ii) 
permit banks to issue unsecured bonds in order to use the proceeds thereof to grant mortgage loans for the acquisition, 
construction, repair or extension of housing. 
In December 2011, the Consumer Protection Act was amended to include provisions applicable to financial services 
and products.  As a result, any agreement for financial services or products that a bank enters into with a consumer shall, 
among others, (1) include a detailed breakdown of all the charges, fees, costs and tariffs that form part of the price, including 
those associated thereto although not directly part of the price, or that are part of other products simultaneously contracted; 
(2) expressly provide for the events of early termination, a reasonable cure period and the manner in which the termination 
will be informed to the consumer; and (3) allow for the early termination of the agreement in the sole and absolute discretion 
of the customer; provided it has paid in full all the obligations, including any cost for the early termination.  In addition, 
consumers are entitled to (1) receive information about the total cost of the product or service; (2) be informed on the reasons 
why they have been rejected; and (3) know the objective conditions provided to have access to a financial product, among 
other things. 
In February 2012, Law No. 20,575 (known as Ley Dicom) was enacted in order to restrict the use of private and 
personal economic, financial, banking and commercial information of customers set forth in Law No. 19,628 on Protection 
of Privacy, which is supplemented by Ley Dicom.  This new law (i) provides that such information can only be shared with 
established businesses and companies that engage in risk assessment in order to assess business risk and credit process review; 
(ii) prohibits the request of this data in connection with recruitment for employment, admission to preschool, school or higher 
education, medical attention or nomination for a public position; (iii) allows the owners of the data to request distributors of 
personal information certifications for purposes other than credit process review, in which case the distributor must issue a 
certificate containing the overdue obligations of the applicant; (iv) prohibits the sharing or reporting of information related 
to obligations renegotiated, novated or pending in certain forms as well as debts incurred by users of the toll road concessions; 
(v) requires the distributors of economic, financial, banking and business information to have a system that records the access 
and delivery of background information contained in them, identifies the name of the person who has requested such 
information and the reason, date and time of the request; (vi) allows the owners of the information contained in such record 
to access the registry, free of charge, every four months, to check the information for the last 12 months; (vii) introduces 
mechanisms to facilitate the exercise of the rights of the holders of the information by imposing on the distributor or 
responsible party of the data bank the obligation to evidence compliance with Ley Dicom; and (viii) obligates the deletion of 
unpaid obligations reported through December 31, 2011, provided that the total debts registered by such debtor are for an 
amount less than Ch$2,500,000, for capital, excluding interest, adjustments or any other item. 
In March 2012, the Consumer Protection Act was amended by Law No 20,555, which introduced additional 
provisions relating to consumer’s rights and the obligations of providers of financial products and services and granted 
supervision and oversight powers to the Bureau of Consumer Protection in connection with financial services and products.  
Law No 20,555 introduced, among others, provisions providing for: (1) new financial consumer’s rights such as the right to 
request information from the provider regarding the total cost of a product or service (including prices, taxes, charges, 
commissions and fees, among others), the right to know the terms and conditions required by the provider to render the 
service or deliver the product, such as minimum income thresholds, the right to request updated information of the financial 
products and services and the right to receive with each financial contract a one-page summary including its key provisions; 
(2) prohibitions for the providers of financial products and services such as the prohibition to modify prices, fees, 
commissions, costs and charges of certain products or services under certain circumstances, the prohibition to mail unsolicited 
offers of financial products or agreements to consumers or to include offers to sell products or services attached to a different 
product or service; (3) the creation of a voluntary certification of financial products and services by the Bureau of Consumer 
Protection, which certifies that the relevant financial contract fulfills the applicable legal and regulatory requirements; and 
(4) special dispute resolution mechanisms such as mediation and arbitration for certain cases.  Pursuant to this amendment of 
the Consumer Protection Act, providers of financial products and services had until June 5, 2012 to conform their contracts

--- Page 179 ---
167 
for the provision of financial services and products to meet the new requirements set forth by the amended Consumer 
Protection Act and comply with the new voluntary certification of the Bureau of Consumer Protection. 
During December 2013, the Chilean Congress passed Law No. 20,715 modifying the maximum interest rate a bank 
may charge.  According to the new law, it is not possible to set an interest that exceeds the product of the respective capital 
and the greater of (i) 1.5 times the current interest rate governing at the time of the transaction, as determined by the CMF 
for each type of credit transaction; and (ii) the current interest rate governing at the time of the transaction, increased in two 
annual percentage points.  Other ceilings apply to small size loans and consumer loans. 
In October 2016, the Chilean Congress passed Law No. 20,950 amending the General Banking Act setting forth 
rules applicable to the issuance and operation by non-banking entities of pre-funded payment methods or any similar system, 
when these systems involve that the issuer or the operator regularly engages in monetary obligations with the public in general 
or to specific sectors or groups thereof. 
In February 2017, the Chilean Congress passed Law No. 21,000.  This law creates the CMF, which will operate as 
a decentralized and technical public service.  Its purpose will be to ensure the proper functioning, development and stability 
of the financial market, facilitating the participation of market agents and promoting the care of public trust.  This law gives 
this commission the status of legal successor of the Superintendency of Securities and Insurance.  This law became effective 
on December 14, 2017.  Its main functions are the oversight of issuers and intermediaries of publicly offered securities; 
commodity exchange, transferable securities exchange and stocks transactions; the association of securities brokerage and 
the transactions performed by them; companies engaged in the business of insuring and reinsuring, as well as persons who 
broker insurance, among others.  The commission is led by the Financial Market Council, consisting of five members, who 
are appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate, with the exception of the President of this Council.  In the first 
stage, this Commission cannot exercise its authority on entities subject to the supervision of the CMF until an amendment to 
the General Banking Act is passed.   
On January 19, 2019, the Chilean government passed the Amendment to the General Banking Law, pursuant to 
which the CMF assumed the former SBIF’s powers as of June 1, 2019 and it (or other regulators, as applicable) must enact 
all applicable regulations implementing the changes provided for in the Amendment to the General Banking Law.  The 
deadline for implementation of the Basel III standards is December 31, 2025.  
Also, there was an Amendment to the General Banking Law to implement Basel III recommendations, increasing 
capital requirements of the banking industry, and contains amendments to other provisions of the General Banking Law that 
are independent from these recommendations.  The most significant amendments introduced are: 
● 
a strengthening of banking supervision by the replacement of the former SBIF with the CMF, which will 
gradually assume all the powers currently held by the former SBIF during a one-year transition period from the 
date the Amendment to the General Banking Law is published in the Official Gazette of Chile; 
● 
a strengthening of risk-based capital requirements in accordance with Basel III that takes into account risks 
relating to counterparties as well as market and operational risks.  In particular, the Amendment to the General 
Banking Law establishes obligations on banks to enhance their provisions on capital to protect themselves from 
future shocks, such as (1) increasing basic capital requirements to at least (A) 4.5% of a bank’s risk-weighted 
assets, and (B) 3% of a bank’s total assets, in each case, net of required allowances for loan losses; and (2) the 
obligation to maintain an additional basic capital (capital básico adicional) equivalent to 2.5% of its risk-
weighted assets (net of required allowances for loan losses) over the required effective equity (patrimonio 
efectivo); 
● 
Banks shall gradually comply with these new basic capital requirements within a five-year period from the date 
of the issuance of CMF regulation establishing the methods to weight banks’ assets (see below). This regulation 
was published by the CMF on December 1, 2020; 
● 
a reclassification of banks based on their solvency rating.  Those banks that meet the requirements on basic 
capital, effective equity and additional basic capital will be classified as “A” banks; those that meet the 
requirements on basic capital and effective equity, but not the additional basic capital requirements, will be 
classified as “B” banks; and those that do not meet effective equity and basic capital requirements will be 
classified as “C” banks; 
● 
the granting of new discretionary powers to the CMF, such as the authority to (a) determine new rules to weigh

--- Page 180 ---
168 
a bank’s assets and approve each bank’s model to weigh its assets, in each case, together with the Central Bank 
of Chile’s approval; (b) determine requirements for the issuance and consideration as regulatory capital of Tier 
1 additional instruments, such as preferred shares and perpetual bonds; (c) impose further capital requirements 
in accordance with Basel III (in addition to those described above); and (d) require banks to prepare balance 
sheets as of certain dates, which shall be prepared by external auditors if so required by the CMF; 
● 
incorporation of the concept of banks of systemic importance (too big to fail), granting powers to the CMF to 
require more capital (up to an additional 1%-3.5% of common equity over risk weighed assets, net of required 
allowances for loan losses, and up to additional 2% of common equity over total assets, net of required 
allowances for loan losses), as well as reserves requirements to guarantee liquidity and restrictions on certain 
operations, among other requirements.  Further, banks will be required to obtain authorization from the CMF 
prior to a merger or acquisition that would lead to the acquiring bank (or the resulting group of banks), becoming 
systemically important; 
● 
new rules on banks’ recovery and liquidation. Upon liquidity or solvency problems, the bank shall immediately 
notify the CMF and submit a regularization plan if the deficit remains during a 5-day period.  In case such plan 
is not submitted or is rejected by the CMF, an inspector or ad hoc manager (administrador provisional) may be 
appointed by the CMF.  While the first of these officers can only block certain actions by a bank’s management, 
the latter completely replaces the board of directors and assumes all of its powers.  Further, the Amendment to 
the General Banking Law eliminates the possibility to reach a reorganization agreement with creditors 
(convenios) in insolvency scenarios; therefore, if the regularization plan and/or the ad hoc manager’s recovery 
efforts fail, the CMF will, with the approval of the Central Bank of Chile, revoke the relevant bank’s 
authorization to exist (autorización de existencia), declare the relevant bank in forced liquidation and appoint a 
liquidator; 
● 
an extension on the maximum tenure of interbank loans granted to banks that had to undertake measures for 
early regularization (medidas para la regularización temprana), from two to three years; provided, however, 
that the terms and conditions of such loans are approved by the CMF and that interbank loans, in the aggregate, 
do not exceed 25% of the creditor bank’s effective equity.  This requirement will be in addition to the general 
requirement provided for in SBIF Circular No. 3,634, which establishes that interbank loans (guaranteed or not) 
cannot exceed 25% of the creditor bank’s effective equity. Further, pursuant to the Amendment to the General 
Banking Law, the CMF may limit interbank loans granted by a bank that is considered as systemically important 
to 20% of its effective equity.  Interbank loans will be considered part of the creditor bank’s basic capital; 
● 
limits to 30% of a bank’s effective equity the amounts that a bank may lend to affiliated persons or entities.  
Banks’ have one year from the date that the Amendment to the General Banking Law goes into effect to comply 
with this limit; 
● 
strengthening of the corporate governance of the supervisory body; 
● 
changes in Chilean government guarantees on time deposits, eliminating such guarantees’ coverage limit of up 
to 90% of the aggregate amount of certain time deposits and increasing from 120UF to 200UF their maximum 
coverage per person for each calendar year; 
● 
the imposition of additional rules relating to bank secrecy to facilitate the access to certain information by the 
Chilean Financial Analysis Unit and the Internal Revenue Service; and 
● 
an increase in deposit guarantees by Chile. 
In March 2019, the Chilean Congress passed Law No. 21,081, which seeks, among other things, to strengthen the 
Bureau of Consumer Protection (Servicio Nacional del Consumidor or “SERNAC”) by providing SERNAC with the 
authority to: (i) enact rules and guidelines, (ii) interpret legal or administrative regulations, (iii) preside over proceedings 
against financial institutions, and (iv) impose fines, exercise class actions, and carry out collective mediations among other 
functions.  In addition, this law imposes fines for non-compliance up to the maximum amount of UTA 45,000 (Unidades 
Tributarias Anuales) that represented approximately Ch$26,110.6 million or US$38.4 million) as of March 2019. 
On June 1, 2019 the CMF assumed all the powers formerly held by the former SBIF.  The CMF (or other regulators, 
as applicable) enacted applicable regulation implementing the changes provided for in the Amendment to the General 
Banking Law in December 2020, which will be gradually implemented during a period ending in December 2024.

--- Page 181 ---
169 
On May 29, 2020, Law No. 21,234, which amended Law No. 20,009, was passed by the Chilean Congress. This law 
modifies the current framework regarding liabilities for payment service providers (such as banks) and for customers of such 
services, in cases of fraudulent transactions carried out with credit or debit cards, including those by electronic means.  It 
establishes that funds charged to credit or debit cards for transactions that are not recognized by the customer must be returned 
to the cardholder’s account. Further, this proposed legislation states that, if such unrecognized charged funds are up to an 
amount of UF35, the payment service provider must mandatorily return these funds to the cardholder’s account within five 
business days. In case of unrecognized charges for amounts over the limit of UF35, the payment service provider will have 
an additional term of seven days to return the amounts in excess of UF35. However, in this case, the payment service provider 
may retain such excess if it considers to have sufficient evidence to determine that the customer acted fraudulently or with 
gross negligence, which the payment service provider must prove. Also, this new legislation does not allow payment service 
providers to offer fraud insurance for such cards. It further establishes obligations for the payment service provider to take 
adequate measures to protect the payment services in case of unlawful acts and holds payment service providers liable for 
damages caused by security and protection deficiencies in their technological systems through which such services are 
provided. According to this law, certain fraudulent transactions with credit or debit cards and electronic payments (such as 
forgery of credit or debit cards, sale of forged or stolen cards and/or its data, or impersonation of a card/accountholder) are 
crimes that may be sanctioned with imprisonment and fines up to threefold the amount of the fraudulent transaction. The 
Chilean Public Ministry, which act as public prosecutors, is granted broad powers to investigate these crimes when they are 
suspected to be related to organized crime. On May 30, 2024, Law No. 21,673 was enacted, which amends Law No. 20,009, 
modifying, among other matters: (i) the reduction of the period for disputing fraudulent transactions from 120 calendar days 
to 60 calendar days prior to the date of the notice given by the customer; (ii) the bank could require the customer to submit 
an affidavit statement to make a claim for fraudulent transactions; and (iii) the requirement for the consumer to report the 
incident to relevant authorities (e.g., Chilean police) for the cancellation of charges or the refund of funds included in the 
claimed transactions. Furthermore, the new Law No. 21,673 requires the CMF to regulate minimum standards of security, 
recording, and authentication, making the bank or card issuer liable for damages resulting from non-compliance with these 
standards. Additionally, the Ministry of Finance must issue regulations to establish thresholds for the reimbursement of 
claimed transactions, which must be between UF 15 and UF 35. As of the date of this Prospectus, these ancillary regulations 
have not been enacted. 
As an aid for Micro/Small Eligible Entrepreneurs, Exporters, Organizations of Small Entrepreneurs, i.e., those whose 
yearly sales are below UF25,000, and Medium-sized Companies, i.e., those whose yearly sales are between UF25,000 and 
UF80,000, the Chilean government allocated US$24,000 million to the Guarantee Fund for Small Business Owners 
(“FOGAPE”), which aims to secure a certain percentage of credit capital, leasing operations and other financing mechanisms 
that financial institutions, both public and private, grant to the eligible companies and organizations. This fund is incorporated 
permanently to Micro/Small Eligible Entrepreneurs, Exporters, Sustainers and Organizations of Small Entrepreneurs, 
Medium-sized Companies, and temporarily to Large Companies that do not have securities or, if any, these are insufficient. 
Companies can provide 10-year-term securities under FOGAPE to banks and financial institutions. FOGAPE is administered 
by Banco Estado and overseen by CMF. One of the requirements that every company must meet when requesting this type 
of security is that the profits they generated in 2019 are not distributed as dividends to their shareholders. The resources of 
the loans secured under FOGAPE must be used only to fund investment projects (such as assets capital) and working capital. 
The financings that can be secured under FOGAPE comprises loans, credit facilities, letter of credits, factoring and leasing. 
The conditions that these financings must meet are the following: (i) 3.5% interest nominal rate (not considering inflation, 
which eventually means 0% real interest rate); (ii) financing funds may not exceed the equivalent of 3 months sales, 
considering the averages in the last 2 years; (iii) 6 months grace period; and (iv) 24 to 48 months of repayment. The coverage 
of these securities depends on the category of each borrower, as follows: 
Beneficiary 
Proceeds Amount 
Coverage 
Micro/Small Entities 
Up to UF5,000 
80% under financings amounting up to UF5,000 
Exporters 
Up to UF5,000 
80% under financings amounting up to UF5,000 
Medium-sized companies 
Up to UF15,000 
50% under financings amounting up to UF15,000 
Large companies 
Up to UF50,000 
30% under financings amounting up to UF50,000 
 
The Chilean government estimated that this program will benefit between 806,000 and 1.3 million companies. These 
are the equivalent to 99.8% of Chilean companies, which employ 84% of the formal workforce.  
In June 2020, Law 21,326 was enacted to promote financial portability and facilitate individual customers and micro 
and small businesses, to transfer their financial products from one financial services provider to another, and to enter into 
new financial products with the financial service providers they have contracted with before.

--- Page 182 ---
170 
In January 2021, Law No. 21,307 was enacted, which allows the deferral of mortgage loan installments under certain 
circumstances and creates a State security to secure the deferred installments. The deferral is made by means of a deferral 
loan, which is a loan agreement entered into by a creditor to the borrower of a mortgage loan, for the exclusive purpose of 
paying certain installments of such loan. The deferral loan is secured by FOGAPE for a maximum duration of five years; 
provided an agreement is reached between the lender and the borrower. Likewise, this law allowed the Chilean government 
to introduce a new credit facility guaranteed by FOGAPE through Supreme Decree No. 32 of 2021, called “Reactiva.” This 
7-year term credit facility (maturity in 2028) is available for disbursement until December 31, 2021, and seeks to stimulate 
the reactivation and recovery of the national economy. Eligible under this program are those companies and entrepreneurships 
whose annual sales do not exceed UF1,000,000; however, the coverage of this loan is higher for negatively affected economic 
sectors such as hotels, restaurants and tourism. 
In August 2021, Law 21,365 was enacted to regulate the exchange fees charged for the use of credit cards, debit 
cards, funds provisioned cards and other similar cards. Fees payment obligations of exchange for card transactions between 
issuers and operators will be subject to the limits determined by a committee created especially for this purpose. 
On January 5, 2022, the CMF issued General Rule (Norma de Carácter General) No. 463 allowing insurance 
companies to invest, for purposes of their technical reserves and risk equity, in bonds without a fixed term to maturity 
(perpetual bonds) issued by Chilean banks.  
On May 2023, Law 21,572 was enacted instructing banks to transfer expired deposits directly to the Chilean Board 
of Fire Departments. Before the enactment of this law, those deposits were transferred to the Chilean Treasury.  
In December 2023, Law 21,641 was enacted to (i) improve the Chilean financial market infrastructure and expand 
the access to payment and liquidity management systems of the Central Bank of Chile and non-bank financial intermediaries; 
(ii) develop the Chilean sale and repurchase agreements market; (iii) amend the Chilean laws on savings and credit 
cooperatives; (iv) provide the CMF with authority to suspend securities transactions on the Chilean stock exchange, (v) 
establish new requirements for mutual fund liquidity transactions, and (vi) introduce simplified procedures to obtain the 
Single Tax Number in order to facilitate the internationalization of the Chilean peso. 
In April 2024, Law 21,663 was enacted to (i) establish the institutional framework, principles and general regulations 
to improve the execution and coordination of cybersecurity actions by Chilean agencies, (ii) establish minimum requirements 
for the prevention, containment, resolution and response to cybersecurity incidents, and (iii) establish the competences and 
obligations of Chilean agencies with respect to the monitoring and supervision of cybersecurity incidents. 
The Banking System 
In Chile, only banks may maintain checking accounts for their customers, conduct foreign trade operations and, 
together with certain non-banking financial institutions, accept term deposits.  Chilean banks are primarily subject to the 
General Banking Law and secondarily, to the extent not inconsistent with that law, to the provisions of the Chilean 
Corporations Law governing public corporations, except for certain provisions that are expressly excluded. 
The modern Chilean banking system dates back to 1925 and has been characterized by periods of substantial 
regulation and state intervention, as well as periods of deregulation.  The most recent period of deregulation commenced in 
1997 and culminated in the adoption of a series of amendments to the Chilean General Banking Law, most recently amended 
in January 2019. 
Following the Chilean banking crisis of 1982 and 1983, the former SBIF assumed control of banks representing 
approximately 51% of the total loans in the banking system.  As part of the assistance that the Chilean government provided 
to Chilean banks, these were permitted to sell a certain portion of their non-performing or doubtful loan portfolios to the 
Central Bank of Chile at the book value of the loan portfolios.  Each bank then repurchased such loans at their economic 
value (which, in most cases, was substantially lower than the book value at which the Central Bank of Chile had acquired the 
loans), with the difference to be repaid to the Central Bank of Chile out of future income.  Pursuant to Law No. 18,818, which 
was passed in 1989, this difference was converted into subordinated debt. 
As of December 31, 2023, the Chilean banking system was comprised of one public-sector bank and 16 private-
sector banks (of which 13 were Chilean banks and 3 were Chilean branches of foreign banks).

--- Page 183 ---
171 
The Central Bank of Chile  
The Central Bank of Chile is an autonomous legal entity created by the Chilean Constitution.  It is subject to the 
Chilean Constitution and to its own organic constitutional law (ley orgánica constitucional).  To the extent not inconsistent 
with the Chilean Constitution or its organic constitutional law, the Central Bank of Chile is also subject to private-sector laws, 
but is not subject to the laws applicable to the public sector.  It is directed and administered by a board of directors composed 
of five members designated by the President of Chile, subject to approval by the Senate. 
The legal purpose of the Central Bank of Chile is to maintain the stability of the Chilean peso and the orderly 
functioning of Chile’s internal and external payments systems.  The Central Bank of Chile’s powers include setting reserve 
requirements, regulating the amount of money and credit in circulation, establishing regulations and guidelines regarding 
finance companies, foreign exchange (including the Formal Exchange Market) and banks’ deposit-taking activities. 
The CMF 
On February 23, 2017, Law. No. 21,000 introduced significant changes to the Chilean financial regulation system 
by replacing the regulator for securities and insurances headed by the Chilean Securities and Insurances Commission 
(Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros) (“SVS”) with the CMF.  The SVS was dissolved on January 15, 2018.  The CMF 
is constituted as a collegiate entity governed by a five-member board and has stronger supervisory powers than the SVS.  
Further, pursuant to the Amendment to the General Banking Law, the CMF assumed all the powers formerly held by the 
former SBIF, including the oversight of banks and financial institutions, during a one-year transition period from the date the 
Amendment to the General Banking Law was published in the Official Gazette of Chile, on January 12, 2019.  See 
“Regulation and Supervision—Banking Legislation.” 
Among the most significant features and authorities assumed by the CMF when replacing the SVS are the following: 
● 
an investigation unit, led by prosecutors, with similar powers to modern administrative prosecution systems; 
● 
the power to authorize the above-referenced prosecutors in the context of an investigation or a punitive 
procedure, to request information regarding banking operations, including all operations subject to banking 
secrecy or reserve, certain parties, provided that such information is considered indispensable for identifying 
violations of the rules that govern individuals or companies monitored by the CMF, criminal offences under the 
relevant legislation.  Furthermore, the CMF may authorize the prosecutor to comply with requests made 
pursuant to an international enforcement agencies, provided that this has been established on an international 
information exchange convention subscribed to by the CMF; 
● 
the power to appoint a credit-rating agency to conduct risk assessments on the entities subject to the CMF’s 
regulation; 
● 
the power to authorize the prosecutor, in qualified and severe circumstances, to request law enforcement 
institutions to take intrusive measures, such as intercepting communications, search and seizure, among others; 
● 
a self-regulation committee for the purpose of creating rules in accordance with good corporate government 
practices, ensure their compliance and resolve differences among the members or between a member and its 
clients, among other functions; 
● 
an administrative procedure between the CMF and those individuals investigated for infractions to the 
regulations overseen by the CMF, contemplating a simplified procedure for minor breaches; and 
● 
a leniency system, promoting self-denouncement. 
● 
For a description of the powers the CMF will gradually assume when replacing the former SBIF, see “—The 
CMF” and “Regulation and Supervision—Banking Legislation.” 
Pursuant to the Amendment to the General Banking Law, and their complementary rules, on June 1, 2019 the CMF 
assumed all the powers formerly held by the former SBIF.  Since then, banks are supervised and controlled by the CMF, a 
Chilean governmental agency.  The CMF authorizes the creation of new banks and has broad powers to interpret and enforce 
legal and regulatory requirements applicable to banks and financial companies.  Furthermore, in cases of noncompliance with 
its legal and regulatory requirements, the CMF has the ability to impose sanctions.  In extreme cases, it can appoint, with the

--- Page 184 ---
172 
prior approval of the board of directors of the Central Bank of Chile, a provisional administrator to manage a bank.  It must 
also approve any amendment to a bank’s bylaws or any increase of its capital. 
The CMF examines all banks from time to time, generally at least once a year.  Banks are also required to submit 
their financial statements monthly to the CMF, and a bank’s financial statements are published at least five times a year in a 
newspaper with countrywide coverage.  In addition, banks are required to provide extensive information regarding their 
operations at various periodic intervals to the CMF.  A bank’s annual financial statements and the opinion of its independent 
auditors must also be submitted for review by the CMF. 
Any person wishing to acquire, directly or indirectly, 10.0% or more of the share capital of a bank must obtain the 
prior approval of the CMF.  Without such approval, the holder will not have the right to vote such shares.  The CMF may 
only refuse to grant its approval based on specific grounds set forth in the General Banking Law. 
According to Article 35 bis of the General Banking Law, as amended, the prior authorization of the CMF, as 
applicable, is required for: 
● 
the merger of two or more banks; 
● 
the acquisition of all or a substantial portion of a bank’s assets and liabilities by another bank; 
● 
the control by the same person, or controlling group, of two or more banks; or 
● 
a substantial increase in the share ownership of a bank by a controlling shareholder of that bank. 
Such prior authorization is required only when the acquiring bank or the resulting group of banks may become 
“systematically important.” A bank is qualified as “systematically important” based on the size market share of the bank, 
the interconnectedness with other financial institutions and the degree of substitutability in the provision of financial 
services. In addition, the CMF may consider other factors related to the background of the bank or the resulting group of 
banks, including the evaluation of management, solvency, risk rating, compliance with regulations, and timeliness and 
quality of the delivery of information to the CMF. We have been qualified as a systematically important bank by Resolution 
No. 3,019 of the CMF issued on April 1, 2024, which identifies banks considered “systemically important” based on 
information reported by banking entities as of December 2023. Pursuant to Resolution No. 3,019, we remain classified as 
“systemically important,” and continue to be required to maintain an additional core capital charge on risk-weighted assets 
of 1.75%.  
Pursuant to the regulations of the CMF, the following ownership disclosures are required: 
● 
banks must disclose to the CMF the identity of any person owning, directly or indirectly, 5.0% or more of its 
shares; and 
● 
bank shareholders who individually hold 10.0% or more of a bank’s capital stock and who are controlling 
shareholders must periodically inform the CMF of their financial condition. 
Limitations on Types of Activities 
Chilean banks can only conduct those activities allowed by the General Banking Law, which, as of the date of this 
Prospectus, include: making loans, accepting deposits and, subject to limitations, making investments and performing 
financial services.  Investments are restricted to real estate for the bank’s own use, gold, foreign exchange and debt securities.  
Through subsidiaries, banks may also engage in other specific financial service activities such as securities brokerage 
services, equity investments, securities, mutual fund management, investment fund management, financial advisory and 
leasing activities.  Subject to specific limitations and the prior approval of the CMF, as applicable, and the Central Bank of 
Chile, Chilean banks may own majority or minority interests in foreign banks. 
As of June 1, 2002, Chilean banks were allowed to offer interest bearing checking accounts.  The former SBIF also 
stated that these accounts may be subject to minimum balance limits and different interest rates depending on average 
balances held in the account and that banks may also charge fees for the use of this new product.  For banks with a solvency 
score of less than A, the Central Bank of Chile also imposed additional caps to the interest rate that can be paid.

--- Page 185 ---
173 
On June 5, 2007, pursuant to Law No. 20,190, new regulations became effective authorizing banks to enter into 
transactions involving a wider range of derivatives such as, futures, options, swaps, forwards and other derivative instruments 
or contracts subject to specific limitations established by the Central Bank of Chile.  Previously, banks were able to enter into 
transactions involving derivatives, but were subject to more restrictive guidelines. 
Deposit Insurance 
 
In Chile, the government guarantees the principal amount of certain time and demand deposits held by individuals 
in the Chilean banking system.  The government guarantee covers those obligations with a maximum value of UF200 
(Ch$7,357,872 or US$8,389 as of December 31, 2023) per person and calendar year in a single bank, and UF400 
(Ch$14,715,744 or US$16,777 as of December 31, 2023) per person in the Chilean banking system. 
Reserve Requirements 
Deposits are subject to a reserve requirement of 9.0% for demand deposits and 3.6% for term deposits of up to one 
year.  Deposits maturing over one year are not subject reserve requirements.  Banks are authorized to deduct daily from their 
foreign currency-denominated liabilities subject to the reserve requirement, the balance in foreign currency of certain loans 
and financial investments held outside of Chile.  Deductions are to be made as follows: 
● 
first, term liabilities denominated in foreign currency and subject to reserve requirements; 
● 
second, if there is any positive difference, demand liabilities denominated in foreign currency and subject to 
reserve requirements; and 
● 
finally, foreign loans subject to reserve requirements.  The total amount deductible cannot exceed 70.0% of a 
bank’s effective equity. 
The Central Bank of Chile has statutory authority to require banks to maintain reserves of up to an average of 40.0% 
for demand deposits and up to 20.0% for term deposits (irrespective, in each case, of the currency in which they are 
denominated) to implement monetary policy.  In addition, a bank must maintain a 100% “technical reserve” against demand 
deposits, deposits in checking accounts, or obligations payable on sight incurred in the ordinary course of business, and in 
general all deposits unconditionally payable immediately to the extent that the aggregate amount of such liabilities exceeds 
2.5 times the amount of a bank’s regulatory capital. 
Chilean regulations also require that gaps between assets and liabilities maturing within less than 30 days not exceed 
a bank’s net capital base (as defined below) and that gaps between assets and liabilities maturing within less than 90 days not 
exceed twice a bank’s equity. 
In accordance with the Amendment of the General Banking Law, if a Chilean bank or a foreign bank operating in 
Chile is defined to be a domestic Systemically Important Bank (“SIB”) by the regulator, it may be subject to one or a 
combination of restrictions, including but not limited to, more restrictive reserve requirements. This banking framework 
establishes that, under certain conditions, a SIB may be required to hold assets in cash or highly liquid instruments for the 
amount by which the daily balance of deposits payable on demand, net of clearing, exceeds 1.5 times the amount of the bank’s 
Regulatory Capital. CMF issued regulations related to the methodology for determining SIBs in Chile under the Basel III 
framework. Nonetheless, based on the situation caused by the outbreak of COVID-19, on March 30, 2020 the CMF decided 
to postpone the requirements for SIB from December 2022 until December 2025, on a basis of 25% per year. 
Minimum Capital; Legal Reserves 
Under the General Banking Law, a bank must have a minimum paid-in capital and reserves of UF800,000 
(Ch$29,432 million or US$33.6 million as of December 31, 2023). However, a bank may begin its operations with 50.0% of 
such amount, provided that it has a total capital ratio (defined as effective equity as a percentage of risk- weighted assets) of 
not less than 12.0%. When such a bank’s paid-in capital reaches UF600,000 (Ch$22,074 million or US$25 million as of 
December 31, 2023) the total capital ratio required is reduced to 10.0%. 
Capital Adequacy Requirements 
Pursuant to the Amendment to the General Banking Law, minimum capital requirements have increased in terms of 
amount and quality. Total Regulatory Capital remains at 8% of risk-weighted assets which includes credit, market and

--- Page 186 ---
174 
operational risk.  Minimum Tier 1 capital increased from 4.5% to 6% of risk-weighted assets, of which up to 1.5% may be 
Additional Tier 1 (AT1), either in the form of preferred shares or perpetual bonds, both of which may be convertible to 
common equity.  The CMF establishes the conditions and requirements for the issuance of perpetual bonds and preferred 
equity. Tier 2 capital is now set at 2% of risk-weighted assets. Additional capital demands are incorporated through a 
Conservation Buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets, setting a Total Equity Requirement of 10.5% of risk-weighted assets.  
The Central Bank of Chile may set an additional Counter Cyclical Buffer of up to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets with agreement 
from the CMF.  Both buffers must be comprised of core capital. 
The CMF, with agreement from the Central Bank of Chile, may impose additional capital requirements for SIB of 
between 1-3.5% of risk-weighted assets. Notably, the Central Bank of Chile may require: (1) the addition of up to 2% to the 
core capital to total assets ratios; (2) a reduction in the technical reserve requirement trigger from 2.5 times regulatory capital 
to 1.5 times regulatory capital; and/or (3) a reduction in the interbank loan limit to 20% of regulatory capital of any SIB. On 
2023, the CMF classified us as a SIB. 
The CMF establishes weightings for risk-weighted assets as a separate regulation based on the implementation of 
standard models, subject to agreement from the Central Bank of Chile. Until the new weightings for risk-weighted assets are 
effective, banks must maintain regulatory capital of at least 8% of risk-weighted assets, net of required loan loss allowance 
and deductions, and paid-in capital and reserves (“basic capital”) of at least 4.5% of their risk-weighted assets and 3% of total 
assets, both net of required loan loss allowances. 
Under the Chilean regulations, unlike the conservation buffer and the countercyclical buffer, the capital requirement for 
systematic charge (1.5% Bci fully-loaded) is part of the regulatory minimum, which began to apply temporarily as of 
December 2022, with a charge of 25% of the total requirement, which will increase at the same annual rate up to 100% in 
December 2025. As of the date of this Prospectus, there are no charges associated with Pillar II established by the Chilean 
regulators. However, as per the decision made at the Financial Policy Meeting by the Council of the Central Bank of Chile 
held on May 23, 2023, the current countercyclical requirement has been activated and set at a level of 0.5% of risk-weighted 
assets. This requirement will be fulfilled within a 12-month period, a decision that was unanimously adopted by the members 
of the Council of the Central Bank of Chile, while the current countercyclical requirement is 0%. 
Lending Limits 
Under the General Banking Law, as amended, Chilean banks are subject to certain lending limits, including the 
following material limits: 
 
A bank cannot extend to any entity or individual (or any one group of related entities), directly or indirectly, 
unsecured credit in an amount that exceeds 10.0% (previously 5.0%) of the bank’s effective equity, or in an 
amount that exceeds 30.0% (previously 25.0%) of its effective equity if the excess over 10.0% (previously 
5.0%) is secured by certain assets with a value equal to or higher than such excess.  In the case of foreign export 
trade financing, the ceiling for unsecured credits is also 10.0% (previously 5.0%) and the ceiling for secured 
credits is also established at 30.0%.  In the case of financing infrastructure projects built through the concession 
mechanism, the 10.0% (previously 5.0%) ceiling for unsecured credits is 15.0% if secured by a pledge over the 
concession, or if granted by two or more banks or finance companies which have executed a credit agreement 
with the builder or holder of the concession, while the ceiling for secured credits remains at 30% (previously 
25.0%); 
 
a bank cannot extend loans to another financial institution subject to the General Banking Law in an aggregate 
amount exceeding 30.0% of its effective equity; 
 
a bank cannot directly or indirectly grant a loan whose purpose is to allow an individual or entity to acquire 
shares of the lender bank; 
 
a bank cannot lend, directly or indirectly, to a director or any other person who has the power to act on behalf 
of the bank; and 
 
a bank cannot grant loans to related parties (including holders of more than 1.0% of its shares, except in the 
case of companies which are actively traded on the Santiago Stock Exchange, in which case the limit is 5.0%) 
on more favorable terms than those generally offered to non-related parties.  In addition, the aggregate amount 
of loans to related parties cannot exceed a bank’s effective equity.

--- Page 187 ---
175 
Among the Amendments to the General Banking Law published in January 12, 2019, another limitation states that 
a bank may not extend loans in an aggregate of 30% of its effective equity to a group of persons or entities belonging 
to the same holding group (grupo empresarial) as defined in the Chilean securities market law. 
Classification of Banks and Loans; Allowances for Loan Losses 
The CMF regularly examines and evaluates each financial institution’s solvency and management ratings, including 
its compliance with the loan classification guidelines defined by the regulatory authority, and on that basis classifies banks 
and other financial institutions into one of five categories, I, II, III, IV and V.   
Category I applies to financial institutions that have been rated level A in terms of solvency and management. 
Category II applies to financial institutions that have been rated (i) level A in terms of solvency and level B in terms 
of management, (ii) level B in terms of solvency and level A in terms of management, or (iii) level B in terms of solvency 
and level B in terms of management. 
Category III applies to financial institutions that have been rated (i) level B in terms of solvency and level B in terms of 
management for two or more consecutive review periods, (ii) level A in terms of solvency and level C in terms of management, 
or (iii) level B in terms of solvency and level C in terms of management.  
Category IV applies to financial institutions that are rated level A or B in terms of solvency and have been rated 
level C in terms of management for two or more consecutive review periods. 
Category V applies to institutions that have been rated level C in terms of solvency, irrespective of their rating level 
of management.  
The solvency rating of a bank is determined by its ratio of regulatory capital (after deducting accumulated losses 
during the financial year) to risk-weighted assets.  This ratio is equal to or greater than 10.5% for level A banks, equal to or 
greater than 8% and less than 10.5% for level B banks and less than 8% for level C banks. 
The management rating of a bank is as follows: (i) level A banks are those that are not rated as level B or C, (ii) 
level B banks display some weakness in internal controls, information systems, response to risk, private risk rating or ability 
to manage contingency scenarios, and (iii) level C banks display significant deficiencies in internal controls, information 
systems, response to risk, private risk rating or ability to manage contingency scenarios. However, this criteria is expected to 
be revised by the CMF once new capital requirements set forth in the recent modifications to the General Banking Law are 
implemented. 
Classification of Loan Portfolio 
Classification of loans.  For purposes of the current classifications, loans are divided into: (i) consumer loans 
(including loans granted to individuals for the purpose of financing the acquisition of consumer goods or payment of services), 
(ii) residential mortgage loans (including loans granted to individuals for the acquisition, construction or repair of residential 
real estate, in which the value of the property covers at least 100% of the amount of the loan), (iii) leasing operations 
(including consumer leasing, commercial leasing and residential leasing), (iv) factoring operations, and (v) commercial loans 
(including all loans other than consumer loans and residential mortgage loans). 
In accordance with current regulations, the models and methods used to classify our loan portfolio must conform to 
the principles summarized below, which were established by the CMF (and before its absorption by the CMF, by the former 
SBIF). 
Allowances Based on the Analysis of Commercial Borrowers of Ch$200 Million or More.  Before August 2010 
regulations required that all commercial loans of Ch$200 million or more be assigned to a risk category level, determined by 
considering the following risk factors: the borrower’s (i) industry or sector, (ii) owners or managers, (iii) access to credit, (iv) 
payment capacity, (v) payment behavior, and (vi) net worth.  Based upon the analysis of these risk factors, the loan was 
assigned a risk classification.  If the borrower had no apparent credit risk, the loan was classified as either A1, A2 or A3.  The 
loan was classified as B if the borrower had some credit risk but no apparent deterioration of payment capacity.  Finally, if 
the borrower had diminished capacity to repay its loans, it was classified as either C1, C2, C3, C4, C5 or C6.

--- Page 188 ---
176 
For loans classified as A1, A2, A3 or B, the board of directors of a bank was authorized to determine the levels of 
required allowances.  For loans classified as C1, C2, C3, C4, C5 or C6, the bank must have had the following levels of 
allowances: 
Classification 
Estimated range of loss 
Allowance 
 
 
 
C1 .................................................................................. 
Up to 3% 
2% 
C2 .................................................................................. 
3%-20% 
10% 
C3 .................................................................................. 
20%-30% 
25% 
C4 .................................................................................. 
30%-50% 
40% 
C5 .................................................................................. 
50%-80% 
65% 
C6 .................................................................................. 
More than 80% 
90% 
 
Allowances Based on Group Analysis.  Under current regulations, the levels of required allowances for commercial 
loans less than Ch$200 million and all consumer loans and mortgage loans are to be determined by the bank.  This 
determination is made according to the estimated loss that may result from the loans, by classifying the loan portfolio using 
one or both of the following models: (i) a model based on the characteristics of the borrower and its outstanding loans, and/or 
(ii) a model based on the behavior of a group of loans.  For the first model, the borrowers and their loans with similar 
characteristics will be placed into groups and each group will be assigned a risk level.  For the second model, loans with 
analogous past payment histories and similar characteristics will be placed into groups and each group will be assigned a risk 
level. 
Additional Voluntary Provisions and Allowances.  Historically, a bank could voluntarily maintain additional 
allowances for loan losses in excess of the minimum amounts required as global and individual allowances.  However, current 
regulations in effect as of January 1, 2004 no longer permit this.  Banks are now able to create provisions and allowances 
above the previously described limits only to cover specific risks that had been authorized by their board of directors.  We 
began provisioning in accordance with current regulations as of January 1, 2004. 
2010 Guidelines of the Former SBIF 
On August 12, 2010, the former SBIF published new guidelines for classifying and provisioning of loan portfolios 
that became mandatory as of January 1, 2011.  As a result, the models and methods used to classify our loan portfolio and 
establish allowances for loan losses follow the guiding principles set forth below, which were established by the regulatory 
authority. 
For large commercial loans, leasing and factoring, we assign a risk category to each borrower and its respective 
loans.  We consider the following risk factors: the industry or sector of the borrower, the owners or managers of the borrower, 
the borrower’s financial situation, its payment capacity and its payment history.  Based on these factors and pursuant to the 
Guidelines, we expect to assign one of the following risk categories to each borrower and loan that we evaluate on an 
individual basis: 
i. “Normal loans,” or loans classified in categories A1 through A6, will correspond to borrowers who are current on 
their payment obligations and show no sign of deterioration in their credit quality. 
ii. “Substandard loans,” or loans classified in categories B1 through B4, will correspond to borrowers with some 
financial difficulties or an important deterioration of payment capacity.  Substandard loans also include all loans that have 
non-performance levels greater than 30 days. 
iii. “Non-compliant loans,” or loans classified under categories C1 through C6, which correspond to borrowers 
whose payment capacity is at serious risk and are renegotiating credit terms to avoid bankruptcy or there is a high likelihood 
that they will file for bankruptcy.  These loans also include all loans, including contingent operations, with at least one 
installment overdue more than 90 days. 
Allowances for Normal and Substandard loans 
For normal and substandard loans, expected loss is to be calculated in accordance with the following CMF (former 
SBIF) standards:

--- Page 189 ---
177 
Classification 
Probability of default 
(PD) (%)  
Loss given default 
(LGD) (%)  
Expected loss (EL) (%)  
 
 
 
 
Normal loans 
 
 
 
A1 .....................................................  
0.04 
90.0 
0.03600 
A2 .....................................................  
0.10 
82.5 
0.08250 
A3 .....................................................  
0.25 
87.5 
0.21875 
A4 .....................................................  
2.00 
87.5 
1.75000 
A5 .....................................................  
4.75 
90.0 
4.27500 
A6 .....................................................  
10.00 
90.0 
9.00000 
Substandard loans 
 
 
 
B1 .....................................................  
15.00 
92.5 
13.87500 
B2 .....................................................  
22.00 
92.5 
20.35000 
B3 .....................................................  
33.00 
97.5 
32.17500 
B4 .....................................................  
45.00 
97.5 
43.87500 
 
 
 
 
Banks individually assign a specific classification and therefore provision level to each borrower.  Accordingly, the 
amount of loan loss allowance is determined on a case-by-case basis.  In determining allowances on an individual basis for 
normal and substandard loans pursuant to the recently published guidelines, banks will be required to use the following 
equation: 
Provision=(ESA-GE) *(PDdebtor/100) *(LGDdebtor/100) +GE*(PDguarantor/100) *(LGDguarantor/100) 
 
ESA=Exposure subject to allowances 
PD = Probability of default  
GE = Guaranteed exposure  
LGD= Loss Given Default 
Definition of Categories 
A1: 
Debtor has the highest credit quality.  This category is assigned only to 
borrowers with an extremely strong capacity to meet its financial obligations. 
The debtor in this category has very solid financial foundations and competitive 
advantages in the markets in which it participates, so its ability to pay has 
remained permanently immune to cyclical fluctuations in the economy or sector.  
Therefore, it has a proven ability to generate cash flows to comfortably cover 
all of its financial commitments, even under restrictive conditions in the 
macroeconomic environments sector. 
This category may be allocated only to debtors who have at least AA rating on 
the scale of the Chilean Securities Market Law granted by a national rating 
company recognized by the CMF, or its equivalent in case the debtor has an 
international rating by an external rating company, which also must be 
recognized by the CMF. 
A2: 
Debtor has a very high credit quality.  The ability to pay its financial obligations 
is very strong.  Predictable events do not affect this capability significantly. 
The debtor in this category provides a solid financial foundation and competitive 
position in the markets where it participates, so their ability to pay has been 
permanently immune and is not vulnerable to cyclical fluctuations in the 
economy or markets in which it participates.  Presents proven ability to generate 
cash flows to cover timely and properly all financial commitments. 
A3: 
Debtor has a high credit quality.  The ability to pay its financial commitments 
is strong.  Predictable events do not affect this capacity significantly. 
The debtor in this category provides a solid foundation and competitive financial 
ability to pay and shows resistance to cyclical fluctuations in the economy or

--- Page 190 ---
178 
the markets in which it participates. 
Under tight financial-economic scenarios, the power would not vary 
significantly. 
A4 
Debtor has a good credit quality.  The ability to pay their financial obligations 
is sufficient.  However, this capability is slightly susceptible to changing 
circumstances or economic conditions. 
The debtor in this category provides a solid foundation and competitive financial 
ability to pay, shows resistance to cyclical fluctuations in the economy or 
markets in which it participates; however, it may have slight vulnerability to 
restrictive conditions at macroeconomic and sector levels. 
A5: 
Debtor has a good credit quality.  The ability to pay their financial commitments 
is adequate or sufficient, but is susceptible to change in circumstances or 
economic conditions. 
The debtor in this category presents reasonable competitive and financial 
foundations, so their ability to pay is less vulnerable to cyclical fluctuations in 
the economy or markets in which it participates, but although it presents good 
ability to generate cash flows to meet promptly all its financial commitments 
under adverse conditions, could be vulnerable to restrictive environmental 
conditions at macroeconomic and sector levels. 
A6: 
Debtor has a sufficient credit quality.  Its ability to pay could deteriorate in 
adverse economic conditions.  The debtor currently has certain challenges with 
his ability to fulfill its financial obligations, but this is temporary.  
The debtor in this category has reasonable competitive and financial 
foundations, but his payment capacity presents vulnerabilities to cyclical 
fluctuations of the economy or of the markets in which it participates.  Although 
it has demonstrated the capacity to generate sufficient cash flow to meet its 
financial commitments under adverse conditions, there is evidence of weakness 
before restrictive conditions of the macroeconomic and sector environment. 
B1: 
Debtor has a low credit quality.  His capacity of payment is vulnerable, affecting 
his roominess to fulfill his financial obligations.  The debtor in this category 
presents deficient financial and competitive foundations, and has presented 
irregularities in the fulfillment of his commitments. 
B2: 
Debtor has a low credit quality.  The debtor presents a worsening in his capacity 
of payment, generating doubts on the recovery of his credits.  The debtor in this 
category presents deficient financial and competitive foundations, and his 
ability to generate cash flows is insufficient, which is translated into 
unsatisfactory fulfillments of his commitments.  Also part of this category are 
those debtors who have registered some precedents of negative behavior in the 
last 12 months, which are not of recurring nature, and which reclassification as 
performing loans has taken place at least three months ago. 
B3: 
Debtor has a very low credit quality.  Its capacity of payment is weak and has 
shown delinquencies in payments, which may under this scenario, need a 
financial restructuring to meet its obligations or, in case of having had it, it has 
not been fulfilled regularly.  The debtors who are classified in this category do 
not exceed 90 days default. 
B4: 
Debtor has a minimum credit rating.  This type of borrower has history of 
disruptive behavior in the last 12 months, which, however, currently does not

--- Page 191 ---
179 
exceed 90 days default, nor meets certain conditions to be considered as held in 
default. 
Allowances for Loan Losses 
Our impaired loans portfolio includes loans for which the likelihood of recovery is low, as the borrowers show 
impaired payment capacity or no payment capacity at all.  This portfolio includes (i) loans of borrowers with evident signs 
of possible bankruptcy, (ii) loans for which restructuring is necessary in order to avoid impairment, and (iii) loans of 
borrowers that are at least 90 days in default in the payment of interests or principal on any of their loans.  Debtors classified 
under categories C1 to C6 and all their loans are included in our non-compliant loans portfolio (a subpopulation of the 
impaired loans portfolio as defined by the New Compendium), including 100% of the amount of their undrawn committed 
credit lines and contingent loans. 
We determine the allowance for loan losses taking into account our total exposure to each borrower, which is the 
sum of such borrower’s total loans (including contingent loans and undrawn committed credit lines).  To determine the 
percentage of our allowances with respect to these borrowers, we estimate the expected loss rate, the amounts that are 
recoverable by executing guarantees and the present value of the amounts that can be recovered through collection actions, 
net of expenses.  The expected loss rate is classified under one of the six categories defined below, considering the range of 
losses that we expect from all the loans of the same debtor. 
For loans classified under Categories C1 through C6, we will need to have the following levels of allowance: 
Borrower category 
Expected loss range 
Loss Rate% (1) 
 
 
 
C1 ....................................................................................  
Up to 3% 
2 
C2 ....................................................................................  
More than 3% up to 20% 
10 
C3 ....................................................................................  
More than 20% up to 30% 
25 
C4 ....................................................................................  
More than 30% up to 50% 
40 
C5 ....................................................................................  
More than 50% up to 80% 
65 
C6 ....................................................................................  
More than 80% 
90 
 
(1) 
Represents percentages of the aggregate amount of principal and accrued but unpaid interest of the loan. 
For these loans the expected loss must be calculated as follows: 
 
Expected loss = (TE – Rec) / TE 
 
Allowance (Ch$) = TE * Allowance % 
 
 
TE = Total exposure 
REC = Recoverable amount based on estimates of collateral value and collection efforts 
2014 Guidelines of the Former SBIF 
On December 30, 2014, the former SBIF published new guidelines for provisioning a bank’s residential mortgage 
loan portfolio.  The 2014 Guidelines include: 
 
an expected loss model to calculate allowances for housing mortgage loans that explicitly considers loan 
delinquency and loan / collateral (LTV) ratios, in order to promote active management of credit risk; and 
 
proposal for a new manner of evaluating collateral in the context of determining provisions, which would 
specify certain required conditions that would need to be met by an asset in order for it to be eligible to be used 
as collateral for mitigating credit risk, as well as more specific requirements of how collateral would be valued 
for purposes of setting loan loss levels. 
Modifications to Provisions on Credit Risk for Banks 
On December 30, 2014, the former SBIF issued Circular No. 3,573, which established amendments to the norms 
regulating the interpretation of the Provisions for Credit Risk, in Chapters B-1, B-2 and E in the Old Compendium.  According

--- Page 192 ---
180 
to Chapter E, Chapter B-1 became effective as of January 2016.  The amendments seek to ensure the adequacy of the 
provisions requiring banks to present credit risk in their loan portfolios, and guidelines encouraging best practices in 
evaluation and risk management. 
The most relevant amendments introduced under the circular discussed above are the following: 
● 
Standard method for mortgage loans provisions.  A standardized method for calculating minimum provisions 
for mortgage loans for housing was introduced, clarifying both the procedure for overdue payments and the loan 
guarantee relationship (loan-to-value) for creditors.  Such method establishes a special treatment for loans 
subject to state auction; 
● 
Non-compliant portfolios.  Certain conditions were introduced to supplement the guidelines relating to non-
compliant portfolios for loans subject to individual assessment, including those which must be performed to 
remove a specific debtor from said portfolio.  In addition, similar provisions were introduced to group portfolios; 
and 
● 
Substitution of a debtor’s credit rating for the credit rating of its guarantor.  Modifications were made to the 
guidelines to determine provisions relating to factoring operations; permitting the substitution of a debtor’s 
credit rating for the credit rating of its guarantor, subject to certain conditions being met. 
Further, in addition to the aforementioned amendments, on July 6, 2018, the former SBIF issued the Circular No. 3,638 which 
established standardized provisions for the remaining group portfolios (leasing, factoring, student loans and, finally, one for 
the rest of the commercial credits (standard commercial), together with the establishment of minimum conditions that must 
be met by the internal provisions for credit risk developed by each bank.  These changes became effective as of July 1, 2019. 
Capital Markets 
Under the General Banking Law, as amended, banks in Chile may purchase, sell, place, underwrite and act as paying 
agents with respect to certain debt securities.  Likewise, banks in Chile may place and underwrite certain equity securities.  
Bank subsidiaries may also engage in debt placement and dealing, equity issuance advice and securities brokerage, as well 
as in financial leasing, mutual fund and investment fund administration, investment advisory services and merger and 
acquisition services.  These subsidiaries are also regulated by the CMF, serving as the regulator of the Chilean securities 
market, open-stock corporations and insurance companies. 
Legal Provisions Regarding Financial Institutions with Economic Difficulties 
The General Banking Law, as amended, provides that if specified adverse circumstances exist at any bank, its board 
of directors must correct the situation within 30 days from the date of receipt of the relevant financial statements.  If the board 
of directors is unable to do so, it must call a special shareholders’ meeting to increase the capital of the bank by the amount 
necessary to return the bank to financial stability.  If the shareholders reject the capital increase, or if it is not effected within 
the 30-day period and in the manner agreed to at the meeting, or if the CMF does not approve the board of directors’ proposal, 
the bank will be barred from increasing its loan portfolio beyond that stated in the financial statements presented to the board 
of directors and from making any further investments in any instrument other than instruments issued by the Central Bank of 
Chile.  In such a case, or in the event that a bank is unable to make timely payment in respect of its obligations, or if a bank 
is under provisional administration of the CMF, the General Banking Law provides that the bank may receive a two-year 
term loan from another bank.  The terms and conditions of such a loan must be approved by the directors of both banks, as 
well as by the CMF, but need not be submitted to the borrowing bank’s shareholders for their approval.  A creditor bank may 
not grant such interbank loans to an insolvent bank in an amount exceeding 25.0% of the creditor bank’s effective equity.  
This requirement is in addition to the general requirement provided for in SBIF Circular No. 3,634, which establishes that 
interbank loans (guaranteed or not) cannot exceed 25% of the creditor bank’s effective equity.  Further, pursuant to the 
Amendment to the General Banking Law, the CMF may limit interbank loans granted by a bank that is considered as 
systemically important to 20% of its effective equity.  Interbank loans are considered part of the creditor bank’s basic capital. 
Upon liquidity or solvency problems, the bank must immediately notify the CMF and submit a regularization plan 
if the deficit remains during a five-day period.  In case such plan is not submitted or is rejected by the CMF, an inspector or 
ad hoc manager (administrador provisional) may be appointed by the CMF.  While the first of these officers can only block 
certain actions by a bank’s management, the latter completely replaces the board of directors and the general manager and 
assumes all of its powers.  Pursuant to the Amendment to the General Banking Law, a bank may not reach a reorganization 
agreement with creditors (convenios) in insolvency scenarios; therefore, if the regularization plan and/or the ad hoc manager’s

--- Page 193 ---
181 
recovery efforts fail, the CMF will, with the approval of the Central Bank of Chile, revoke the relevant bank’s authorization 
to exist (autorización de existencia), force it to liquidate and appoint a liquidator.  See “—Dissolution and Liquidation of 
Banks.” 
Dissolution and Liquidation of Banks 
The CMF may establish that a bank should be liquidated for the benefit of its depositors or other creditors when 
such bank does not have the necessary solvency to continue its operations.  In such case, the CMF must revoke a bank’s 
authorization to exist and order its mandatory liquidation, subject to agreement by the Central Bank of Chile.  The CMF must 
also revoke a bank’s authorization (autorización de existencia) if the reorganization plan and/or the ad hoc manager’s 
recovery efforts fail.  The resolution by the CMF must state the reason for ordering the liquidation and must name a liquidator, 
unless the CMF assumes this responsibility.  When liquidation is declared, all checking accounts, other demand deposits 
received in the ordinary course of business, other deposits unconditionally payable immediately or within 30 days, and any 
other deposits and receipts payable within 10 days and other demand deposits received in the ordinary course of business, are 
required to be paid by using existing funds of the bank, its deposits with the Central Bank of Chile or its investments in 
instruments that represent its reserves.  If these funds are insufficient to pay these obligations, the liquidator may seize the 
rest of the bank’s assets, as needed.  If necessary and in specified circumstances, the Central Bank of Chile will lend the bank 
the funds necessary to pay these obligations.  Any such loans are preferential to any claims of other creditors of the liquidated 
bank. 
Obligations Denominated in Foreign Currencies 
Foreign currency denominated obligations of Chilean banks are subject to various limits and obligations.  The 
regulations of the Central Bank of Chile do not permit the difference, whether positive or negative, between a bank’s assets 
and liabilities denominated in any foreign currency (including assets and liabilities denominated in U.S. dollars but payable 
in pesos, as well as those denominated in pesos and indexed to the U.S. dollar exchange rate) to exceed 20% of the bank’s 
paid-in capital and reserves; except in the case where the balance of such assets exceeds the balance of such liabilities and 
the excess difference does not exceed the bank’s allowances and reserves denominated in such foreign currency (excluding 
profits to be remitted abroad).  We must also comply with various regulatory and internal limits regarding exposure to 
movements in foreign exchange rates. 
Foreign Currency Securities 
Under current Chilean banking regulations, banks in Chile may grant loans to foreign individuals and entities and 
invest in certain securities of foreign issuers.  Chilean banks may only invest in equity securities of foreign banks and certain 
other foreign companies which may be affiliates of the bank or which would be complementary to the bank’s business if such 
companies were incorporated in Chile.  Banks in Chile may also invest in debt securities traded in formal secondary markets.  
Such debt securities must be (1) securities issued or guaranteed by foreign sovereign states or their central banks or other 
foreign or international financial entities, and (2) bonds issued by foreign companies.  A bank may invest up to 5% of its 
regulatory capital in securities of foreign issuers. 
Foreign currency securities acquired by a bank must have a minimum rating as follows: 
Table 1 
Rating Agency 
Short-Term 
Long-Term 
 
 
 
Moody’s .......................................................  
P2 
Baa3 
Standard and Poor’s ......................................  
A2 
BBB- 
Fitch ..............................................................  
F2 
BBB- 
Dominion Bond Rating Service ....................  
R2 
BBB (low) 
 
 
 
In the event that the sum of the investments in foreign securities which have: (i) a rating that is below that indicated 
in Table 1 above, but is equal to or exceeds the ratings mentioned in the Table 2 below, and (ii) loans granted to other entities 
resident abroad exceeds 20% (and 30% for banks with a BIS ratio equal or exceeding 10%) of the regulatory capital of such 
bank, the excess is subject to a mandatory reserve of 100%.

--- Page 194 ---
182 
Table 2 
Rating Agency 
Short-Term 
Long-Term 
 
 
 
Moody’s .......................................................  
P2 
Ba3 
Standard and Poor’s ......................................  
A2 
BB- 
Fitch ..............................................................  
F2 
BB- 
Dominion Bond Rating Service ....................  
R2 
BB (low) 
 
 
 
Banks may invest in foreign securities for an additional amount equal to a 70% of their regulatory capital which 
ratings are equal or exceeds those mentioned in the Table 3 below.  This limit constitutes an additional margin and it is not 
subject to the 100% mandatory reserve. 
Additionally, a Chilean bank may invest in foreign securities whose rating is equal to or exceeds those mentioned 
in Table 3 in: (i) term deposits with foreign banks; and (ii) securities issued or guaranteed by sovereign states or their central 
banks or those securities issued or guaranteed by foreign entities within Chile. Such investments will be subject to the limits 
by issuer up to 30% and 50%, respectively, of the regulatory capital of the Chilean bank that makes the investment. 
Table 3 
Rating Agency 
Short-Term 
Long-Term 
 
 
 
Moody’s .......................................................  
P1 
Aa3 
Standard and Poor’s ......................................  
A1+ 
AA- 
Fitch ..............................................................  
F1+ 
AA- 
Dominion Bond Rating Service ....................  
R1 (high) 
AA (low) 
 
 
 
Chilean banks may invest in securities without ratings issued or guaranteed by sovereign states or their central banks 
and structured notes issued by investment banks with a rating equal to or above that in the immediately preceding Table 3, 
which return is linked with a corporate or sovereign note with a rating equal to or above that in Table 2. 
Subject to specific conditions, a bank may grant loans in U.S. dollars to subsidiaries or branches of Chilean 
companies located abroad, to companies listed on foreign stock exchanges authorized by the Central Bank of Chile and, in 
general, to individuals and entities domiciled abroad, as long as the Central Bank of Chile is kept informed of such activities. 
Prevention of Money Laundering and the Financing of Terrorism 
On April 21, 2008, the former SBIF issued regulations governing the requirements applicable to banks with respect 
to prevention of money laundering and terrorism financing.  The regulations are aimed at incorporating international anti-
money laundering (“AML”) and counter-terrorism financing (“CTF”) laws to the Chilean banking industry.  Pursuant to the 
regulations, banks must adopt and implement a system to prevent money laundering and terrorism financing based mainly on 
the “know your customer” concept.  Moreover, these policies and procedures must be approved by the board of directors and 
must take into account the volume and complexity of its operations and other related parties. 
Based on these requirements, a bank must adopt and implement a customer identification program to establish the 
reasonable belief that it knows the true identity of its customers.  In general, the program includes: 
● 
properly identifying customers, including their background, source and amount of funds, country of origin and 
other risk factors; 
● 
identifying what the former SBIF defined as “politically exposed persons at the international level” or PEPs, 
both within Chile and internationally; and 
● 
establishing procedures to open accounts and products, with different documentation requirements needed for 
different types of accounts and products. 
The anti-money laundering and terrorism financing system required by local regulations must also include the 
following components: 
● 
AML/CTF policies and procedures aimed at preventing the bank from being used as an intermediary to carry

--- Page 195 ---
183 
out money laundering and terrorism financing operations; 
● 
appointment of a Compliance Officer at a senior management level who is responsible for coordinating and 
monitoring day-to-day AML/CTF compliance; 
● 
establishment of an AML/CTF Committee, whose main function is planning and coordinating the fulfillment 
of AML/CTF policies and procedures; 
● 
use of software tools to detect, monitor and report unusual operations related to transactions made by customers 
on different products; 
● 
implementation of personnel selection policies and a training program in order to prevent money laundering 
and terrorism financing issues; 
● 
establishment of a Code of Conduct in order to, among other things, guide employee behavior and prevent 
possible conflicts of interest; and 
● 
independent testing in the compliance area which must be conducted by the bank’s internal audit department. 
 
On September 4, 2015, an updated set of rules regarding the PEPs were issued by the banking regulator. This set of 
rules relates to the bank’s obligation to keep specific PEPs policies and procedures in place to grant certain loans to PEPs, as 
well as to carry out controls and procedures associated with service providers when PEPs are involved therewith. 
Legal Provisions for the Prevention, Detection and Prosecution of Corruption. 
 
Law No. 21,121, which came into force on November 20, 2018, amends the Criminal Code, Law No. 20,393 on 
Criminal Liability of Legal Entities, and Law No. 19,913, which creates the Financial Analysis Unit and deals with Money 
Laundering. The Law No. 21,121 incorporates amendments to the regulation of domestic bribery and bribery of foreign public 
officials, substantially amends the regulation of unlawful negotiation incorporating new types of perpetrators, such as 
insolvency trustees, company liquidators and asset managers, penalizes commercial bribery and disloyal management, 
increasing prison time and pecuniary penalties affecting private individuals and legal entities, among other matters. For the 
first time, our legislation criminalizes the behavior of private businesses with the aim of regulating transparency between 
them, without the need for a public official to participate in the crime, and with a very wide range of alternatives that could 
configure the crime. 
 
Particularly, with respect to the crime of disloyal management, this law penalizes any person’s mismanagement of 
third party assets, resulting in a loss, when performed through or with an abuse of his/her authorities or other actions or 
omissions that are manifestly contrary to the asset owner’s interests. 
Reporting of Operational and Cybersecurity Incidents 
 
On March 23, 2015, the regulator issued a new regulation on the reporting of operational incidents (Circular No. 
3,579). According to this regulation, which modified the Chapter 20-8 of Recopilación Actualizada de Normas, banks must 
report immediately to the former SBIF certain types of significant operational incidents in order to keep the regulator properly 
informed. For purposes of the regulation, an operational incident is deemed significant if the event affects the business 
continuity, information security or reputation of the bank. 
 
In 2018, the regulator introduced modifications (Circular No. 3,633 and Circular No. 3,640) to the regulation 
associated with the management of operational risk by supplementing Chapters 1-13 and 20-8 of Recopilación Actualizada 
de Normas with specific guidelines on cybersecurity matters. Under this amendment, the former SBIF widens its scope of 
supervision by incorporating cybersecurity matters through the continuous assessment of banks’ critical technological 
infrastructure that exposes banks to risks of data integrity, data availability and confidentiality of clients’ information. Also, 
a dedicated digital platform was created, through which banks should report directly to the regulator within a 30-minute time 
frame the occurrence of an incident and requires the appointment of the bank’s representative to be in charge of the 
communication with the CMF for these purposes. Similarly, banks are required to timely inform customers and users about 
cybersecurity incidents affecting quality and continuity of services, as well as incidents that are publicly known. In addition, 
under these guidelines, banks are compelled to maintain an alert system at an industry level in order to share information 
about incidents and measures that should be taken in order to mitigate widespread impact.

--- Page 196 ---
184 
 
In December 2020, the regulator issued new regulations with respect to the management of information security and 
cybersecurity (Circular No. 2,261), which modified Chapter 20-10 of Recopilación Actualizada de Normas with specific 
guidelines on cybersecurity matters. Under this amendment, the CMF gives the Board of Directors of banks a fundamental 
role in these matters, having to approve the institutional strategy, an adequate budget for risk mitigation and the maintenance 
of an information security and cybersecurity management system, in accordance with existing international best practices. 
Also, it sets out mandatory guidelines to be considered when implementing a risk management process to support the 
information security and cybersecurity system and establishes specific due diligence requirements for cyber risk management. 
Finally, it establishes certain considerations to be observed by the respective entity, as part of the local critical infrastructure, 
in accordance with the National Cybersecurity Policy. Law No. 21,663, which was published in April 2024, regulates the 
actions that may be taken by state agencies in relation to cybersecurity and applies to any entity that provides services 
considered essential, including banks. 
Data Protection Legislation 
 
On February 28, 2020, the Chilean Congress enacted Law No. 21,214, amending Law 19,628 (as amended, the 
“DPL”) that regulates the data processing in Chile, prohibiting the disclosure of information related to debt contracted by 
individuals to finance education, preventing such debtors from being included in defaulting debtors' databases due to their 
failure to repay such debt. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, new proposed legislation to amend the DPL is being discussed in Congress. The 
proposed legislation has been molded after the EU General Data Protection Regulation and intends to introduce (i) principles 
that regulate data processing, (including but not limited to principles such as the principle of proportionality, the principle of 
quality, the principle of transparency and the principle of security), reinforcing data subjects’ rights, defining in greater detail 
the requirements for obtaining consents from data subjects; (ii) specific regulations for under-aged individuals’ personal data 
processing; (iii) regulation of international transfers of personal data, adoption of security measures and breach prevention 
models, together with the establishment of reporting obligations concerning security breaches; (iv) a clear regulation of data 
subjects’ rights of access, rectification, cancellation, opposition and the new right of portability; (v) a new right of data subject 
to oppose the adoption by the data controller of decisions concerning him/her  based solely on the fact that such decisions are 
made through automated processing of his/her personal data, including profiling;and (vi) the establishment of a data 
protection authority with powers to monitor and sanction violations of the DPL, with fines of up to UTM10,000 
(approximately US$711,000) and the application of precautionary measures and ancillary sanctions such as the suspension 
of data processing activities. 
 
Credit and Debit Card Fraud 
 
In March 2020, the Chilean Congress enacted legislation increasing the responsibilities of banking entities in cases 
of debit and credit card fraud. In particular, the legislation provides that banking entities shall return the amount relating to 
the fraud within (i) 5 working days from the date the card holder informs the bank of a fraud involving an amount of up to 
UF35 (equivalent to Ch$1 million), or (ii) 7 working days form the date the card holder informs the bank of such fraud in the 
case of a fraud involving an amount of more than UF35. Card holders have up to 120 days from the date the fraud occurs to 
report such fraud.  
 
Law Regulating the Release of Mortgages and Pledges without Conveyance (Law No. 20,855) 
 
Law No. 20,855 was enacted on September 25, 2015 and went into effect on January 23, 2016. This law seeks to 
regulate the release of mortgages used as collateral for loans granted to individuals or SMEs customers. This regulation 
supplements the Consumer Protection Act (Law No. 19,496) or the SERNAC Act. In addition, Law No. 20,855 regulates the 
release of pledges without conveyance (prendas sin desplazamiento) used as collateral for loans granted to individuals, SMEs 
or any type of company as defined by Law No. 20,190.  
 
For loans paid-off after January 23, 2016, Law No. 20,855 establishes requirements and time limits for banks to 
release mortgages (within 45 days) and inform customers of such release (within 30 days). Also, the bank should provide the 
customer with this information within a 30-day period. Costs associated with this process will be incurred by banks. 
 
In addition, for monitoring purposes, the bank must inform the SERNAC, on a semi-annual basis, about: (i) the 
criteria used to comply with Law No. 20,855, (ii) the progress in implementing the proposed changes, (iii) the efforts taken 
to release mortgages used as collateral on already paid-off loans, and (iv) the advertising used to inform customers about their 
rights regarding the release of mortgages once the related loan has been paid-off.

--- Page 197 ---
185 
U.S. Banking Regulations 
Bci’s U.S. Branch 
The Florida Office of Financial Regulation, as the licensing authority of the Miami Branch, has the authority, in 
certain circumstances, including violations of law, unsafe business practices and insolvency, to take possession of the business 
and property of Bci located in Florida.  If the Florida Office of Financial Regulation exercised this authority over Bci’s Miami 
branch, all assets of Bci located in Florida would generally be applied first to satisfy creditors of the Miami branch.  Any 
remaining assets would be applied to satisfy creditors of other U.S. offices of Bci, after which any residual assets of the 
Miami branch would be returned to the principal office of Bci, and made available for application pursuant to any insolvency 
proceeding.   
Financial Holding Company 
Because we operate a U.S. branch and have a subsidiary bank in the U.S., our nonbanking activities in the United 
States are subject to regulation by the Federal Reserve Board pursuant to the International Banking Act of 1978, the Bank 
Holding Company Act of 1956 (the “BHC Act”), and other laws.  We have elected to be a “financial holding company” 
under the BHC Act.  Financial holding companies may engage in a broader spectrum of activities than bank holding 
companies or foreign banking organizations that are not financial holding companies, including underwriting and dealing in 
securities.  To maintain our financial holding company status and engage in activities permissible for a financial holding 
company, (i) we and CNB are required to be “well capitalized” and “well managed,” (ii) our U.S. branch is required to meet 
certain examination ratings, and (iii) CNB is required to maintain a rating of at least “satisfactory” under the Community 
Reinvestment Act of 1977 (the “CRA”).  
A major focus of U.S. governmental policy relating to financial institutions in recent years has been aimed at fighting 
money laundering and terrorist financing. In particular, the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the Uniting and 
Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA 
PATRIOT Act), as amended, requires financial institutions operating in the United States to, among other things, (a) give 
special attention to correspondent and payable-through bank accounts, (b) implement enhanced reporting due diligence, and 
“know your customer” standards for private banking and correspondent banking relationships, (c) scrutinize the beneficial 
ownership and activity of certain non-U.S. and private banking customers (especially for so-called politically exposed 
persons), and (d) develop and maintain anti-money laundering programs, customer identification procedures, and due 
diligence policies and controls to ensure the detection and reporting of money laundering. Such required compliance programs 
are intended to supplement compliance programs with respect to the sanctions programs administered by the Office of Foreign 
Assets Control. Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering 
and terrorist financing could have serious consequences for the firm, both in legal terms and in terms of our reputation. 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”), which was enacted 
on July 21, 2010 in response to the financial crisis, impacts the financial services industry by addressing, among other issues, 
systemic risk oversight, bank capital standards, the liquidation of failing systemically important institutions, over-the-counter 
and cleared derivatives, the ability of banking entities, including non-U.S. banks with branches in the U.S., like us, to engage 
in proprietary trading activities and invest in hedge funds and private equity funds (the “Volcker Rule”), consumer and 
investor protection, hedge fund registration, securitization, investment advisors, shareholder “say on pay,” the role of credit-
rating agencies, and more.  The Dodd-Frank Act requires various federal banking and financial regulatory authorities to adopt 
a broad range of implementing rules and regulations.  Such authorities have significant discretion in drafting such 
implementing rules and regulations. 
The Dodd-Frank Act provides regulators with tools to impose greater capital, leverage and liquidity requirements 
and other prudential standards, particularly for financial institutions that pose significant systemic risk.  Pursuant to the Dodd-
Frank Act, the Federal Reserve Board has implemented rules that establish enhanced prudential standards for the U.S. 
operations of foreign banking organizations (“FBOs”) such as us.  In imposing such heightened prudential standards on non-
U.S. banks such as us, the Federal Reserve Board is directed to take into account the principle of national treatment and 
equality of competitive opportunity, and the extent to which the foreign bank holding company is subject to comparable home 
country standards.  On May 24, 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (the “Reform 
Act”) was signed into law.  Among other regulatory changes, the Reform Act amends various sections of the Dodd-Frank 
Act, including the modification of the Volcker Rule to exempt certain depository institutions and raising the asset threshold 
for U.S. banking organizations to become subject to enhanced prudential standards, each as described below.  The ultimate 
consequences of the Reform Act and its potential impact on us remain uncertain.

--- Page 198 ---
186 
The Reform Act raised the threshold for automatic application of enhanced prudential standards to FBOs under the 
Dodd-Frank Act from $50 billion in total global consolidated assets to $250 billion.  The bill exempted FBOs with total 
global consolidated assets of less than $100 billion from these enhanced prudential standards effective immediately upon 
enactment of the bill.  In October 2019, the Federal Reserve Board issued a final rule to implement the Reform Act’s changes 
to the application of enhanced prudential standards with respect to U.S. bank holding companies and FBOs (the “EPS 
Tailoring Rule”).  The EPS Tailoring Rule delineates three categories of enhanced prudential standards (“EPS categories”) 
applicable to FBOs based on an FBO’s asset size and other factors such as the degree of the cross-jurisdictional activity, 
reliance on short-term wholesale funding, nonbank assets, and off-balance sheet exposures of an FBO’s U.S. operations.  The 
EPS Tailoring Rule generally determines the stringency of enhanced prudential standards applicable to FBOs based on the 
risk profile of the FBO’s U.S. operations, rather than its global footprint, with most enhanced prudential standards applying 
only to FBOs with combined U.S. assets of at least $100 billion.  FBOs with global assets of $100 billion or more and a 
relatively limited U.S. presence, such as us, are subject to certain minimum standards under the EPS Tailoring Rule, with the 
Federal Reserve Board relying primarily on compliance with comparable home-country prudential standards with respect to 
such FBOs.  
If our size or risk profile were to increase, our combined U.S. operations may be subject to certain further enhanced 
prudential standards.  In particular, enhanced prudential standards applicable to FBOs require an FBO with both significant 
total global consolidated assets and significant U.S. assets (excluding the total assets of each U.S. branch and agency) to 
establish a U.S. top-tier intermediate holding company (“IHC”) over all U.S. bank and nonbank subsidiaries, and generally 
subject such an FBO’s IHC to the same capital adequacy standards, including minimum risk based capital and leverage 
requirements, liquidity, liquidity risk management, stress testing and single counterparty credit limits as those applicable to 
U.S. bank holding companies in the same EPS category under the EPS Tailoring Rule.  In addition, certain enhanced 
prudential standards will apply to the combined U.S. operations of an FBO whether or not the FBO is required to establish a 
U.S. IHC.  Rules imposing early remediation requirements on FBOs have yet to be finalized.  We continue to assess the full 
impact of these enhanced prudential requirements and the EPS Tailoring Rule on our business. 
In October 2019, the Federal Reserve Board and FDIC issued a final rule addressing the applicability of resolution 
planning requirements for FBOs (the “FBO Resolution Plan Rule”).  The FBO Resolution Plan Rule applies reduced 
resolution plan filing requirements to FBOs that have $250 billion or more in total global consolidated assets and that do not 
otherwise meet certain category thresholds identified in the EPS Tailoring Rule, requiring such FBOs to submit a reduced 
content resolution plan every three years. 
The Reform Act and its implementing regulations modified the Volcker Rule to exempt depository institutions that 
do not have, and are not controlled by a company that has, more than $10 billion in total consolidated assets or significant 
trading assets and liabilities.  In July 2019, U.S. federal regulatory agencies adopted amendments to the Volcker Rule 
regulations to implement the Volcker Rule amendments included in the Reform Act, and also in 2019 such U.S. federal 
regulatory agencies adopted certain targeted amendments to the Volcker Rule regulations to simplify and tailor certain 
compliance requirements relating to the Volcker Rule. In June 2020, U.S. federal regulatory agencies adopted additional 
revisions to the Volcker Rule’s restrictions on banking entities sponsoring and investing in certain covered hedge funds and 
private equity funds, including by adopting new exemptions allowing banking entities to sponsor and invest without limit in 
credit funds, venture capital funds, customer facilitation funds and family wealth management vehicles (the “Covered Fund 
Amendments”).  The Covered Fund Amendments also loosen certain other restrictions on extraterritorial fund activities and 
direct parallel or co-investments made alongside covered funds. The Covered Fund Amendments should therefore expand 
the ability of banking entities to invest in and sponsor private funds.  
It remains unclear whether any other particular legislative or regulatory proposals will be enacted or adopted.  In 
addition, it is not possible to determine the full extent of any impact on us of any such potential financial reform legislation, 
or whether any such proposal will become law. We may in the future be subject to further enhanced governmental scrutiny 
and/or increased regulation, including resulting from changes in U.S. executive administration or Congressional leadership.   
City National Bank of Florida  
CNB, a national bank, is subject to extensive regulation and examination by the OCC, as its primary federal banking 
regulator.  The federal and state laws and regulations which are applicable to banks regulate, among other things, the activities 
in which they may engage and the locations at which they may engage in them, their investments, their reserves against 
deposits, the timing of the availability of deposited funds and transactions with affiliates.  CNB must file reports with OCC 
concerning its activities and financial condition, in addition to obtaining regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain 
transactions, such as establishing branches and mergers with, or acquisitions of, other depository institutions.  The OCC 
periodically examines the bank to assess CNB’s safety and soundness and its compliance with various regulatory

--- Page 199 ---
187 
requirements.  This comprehensive regulatory and supervisory framework restricts the activities in which a bank can engage 
and is intended primarily to ensure the safety and soundness of CNB and for the protection of the FDIC insurance fund and 
the bank’s depositors.  Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement 
activities and examination policies, which include setting policies with respect to the classification of assets and the 
establishment of adequate loan loss reserves.  Any change in such regulations, whether by the OCC or as a result of the 
enactment of legislation, could have a material adverse impact on CNB and its operations. 
Capital Adequacy. The OCC and the other federal banking agencies have adopted risk-based and leverage capital 
adequacy requirements, pursuant to which they assess the adequacy of capital in examining and supervising banks and bank 
holding companies and in analyzing bank regulatory applications. Risk-based capital requirements determine the adequacy 
of capital based on the risk inherent in various classes of assets and off-balance sheet items. 
The federal banking agencies have adopted rules to implement the Basel III framework for strengthening 
international capital and liquidity regulation referred to as the “Basel III Rules”. The Basel III Rules require U.S. banking 
organizations, including CNB, to maintain: (i) a minimum ratio of CET 1 to risk-weighted assets of 4.5%, plus a “capital 
conservation buffer” of 2.5%, or 7.0%; (ii) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 6.0%, plus the capital 
conservation buffer, or 8.5%; (iii) a minimum ratio of Total (Tier 1 plus Tier 2) capital to risk-weighted assets of 8.0% plus 
the capital conservation buffer, or 10.5%; and (iv) a minimum leverage ratio of 4%, calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital 
to balance sheet exposures plus certain off-balance sheet exposures (computed as the average of the month-end ratios each 
month during a calendar quarter). U.S.banking organizations with a ratio of CET 1 to risk-weighted assets above the minimum 
but below the capital conservation buffer face constraints on their ability to pay dividends, effect equity repurchases and pay 
discretionary bonuses to executive officers, and such constraints increase incrementally based on the amount of the shortfall. 
As discussed below, the Basel III Rules also integrate the capital requirements into the prompt corrective action 
standards. In order for CNB to be classified as “adequately capitalized” under the prompt corrective action standards 
applicable to U.S. depository institutions, which is necessary in order for CNB to avoid certain restrictions under FDICIA, it 
must maintain a minimum 4% Tier I leverage ratio, a 4.5% common equity Tier I capital ratio, a 6% Tier I risk-based capital 
ratio and a 8% total risk-based capital ratio. 
As of December 31, 2023, CNB exceeded all of the capital ratio standards for a “well capitalized” bank with a Tier 
I leverage ratio of 9.9%, a common equity Tier I risk-based capital ratio of 14.0% and a total risk-based capital ratio of 14.8%. 
Activities and Investments of National Bank.  CNB America derives its lending, investment and other authority 
primarily from the applicable provisions of National Bank Act and the regulations of the OCC.  These laws and regulations 
authorize CNB to invest in real estate mortgages, consumer and commercial loans, certain types of debt securities, including 
certain corporate debt securities and obligations of federal, State and local governments and agencies, and certain other assets.  
A bank’s aggregate lending powers are not subject to percentage of asset limitations, but there are limits on the amount of 
credit exposure that a bank may have to a single borrower or group of related borrowers.  An OCC-chartered bank may also 
exercise trust powers upon approval of the OCC.  The OCC examines CNB to ensure that it has adopted procedures and 
systems designed to foster safe and sound operations of the bank in areas including internal controls, information systems, 
internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate risk exposure, asset growth, asset quality, 
earnings and compensation, fees and benefits. 
Regulatory Enforcement Authority.  Applicable banking laws include substantial enforcement powers available to 
federal banking regulators.  This enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money 
penalties, to issue cease-and-desist or removal orders and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and 
institution-affiliated parties, as defined.  In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and 
regulations and unsafe or unsound practices.  Other actions or inactions may provide the basis for enforcement action, 
including misleading or untimely reports filed with regulatory authorities. 
Prompt Corrective Action.  Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act provides the federal banking regulators 
with broad power to take “prompt corrective action” to resolve the problems of undercapitalized institutions.  The extent of 
the regulators’ powers depends on whether the institution in question is “well capitalized,” “adequately capitalized,” 
“undercapitalized,” “significantly undercapitalized” or “critically undercapitalized.” A bank is deemed to be (i) “well 
capitalized” if it has total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0% or greater, has a Tier I risk-based capital ratio of 8.0% or greater, 
has a common equity Tier I capital ratio of 6.5% or greater, has a Tier I leverage capital ratio of 5.0% or greater, and is not 
subject to specified requirements to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure, (ii) “adequately 
capitalized” if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0% or greater, has a Tier I risk-based capital ratio of 6.0% or greater, 
has a common equity Tier I capital ratio of 4.5% or greater, has a Tier I leverage capital ratio of 4.0% or greater and does not

--- Page 200 ---
188 
meet the definition of “well capitalized,” (iii) “undercapitalized” if it has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less than 8.0%, 
has a Tier I risk-based capital ratio that is less than 6.0%, has a common equity Tier I capital ratio of less than 4.5%, or has a 
Tier I leverage capital ratio that is less than 4.0%, (iv) “significantly undercapitalized” if it has a total risk-based capital ratio 
that is less than 6.0%, has a Tier I risk-based capital ratio that is less than 4.0%, has a common equity Tier I capital ratio that 
is less than 3.0%, or has or a Tier I leverage capital ratio that is less than 3.0%, and (v) “critically undercapitalized” if it has 
a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0%.  The regulations also provide that a federal banking 
regulator may, after notice and an opportunity for a hearing, reclassify a “well capitalized” institution as “adequately 
capitalized” and may require an “adequately capitalized” institution or an “undercapitalized” institution to comply with 
supervisory actions as if it were in the next lower category if the institution is in an unsafe or unsound condition or engaging 
in an unsafe or unsound practice.  The federal banking regulator may not, however, reclassify a “significantly 
undercapitalized” institution as “critically undercapitalized.” 
An institution generally must file a written capital restoration plan which meets specified requirements, as well as a 
performance guaranty by each company that controls the institution, with an appropriate federal banking regulator within 45 
days of the date that the institution receives notice or is deemed to have notice that it is “undercapitalized,” “significantly 
undercapitalized” or “critically undercapitalized.” Immediately upon becoming undercapitalized, an institution becomes 
subject to statutory provisions, which, among other things, set forth various mandatory and discretionary restrictions on the 
operations of such an institution. 
FDIC Insurance.  CNB’s deposits are insured by the FDIC.  As insurer, the FDIC is authorized to conduct 
examinations of, and to require reporting by, FDIC-insured institutions.  It also may prohibit any FDIC-insured institution 
from engaging in any activity the FDIC determines by regulation or order to pose a serious threat to the FDIC. 
During the 2008-2009 financial crisis, there were many failures and near-failures among financial institutions.  The 
FDIC insurance fund reserve ratio, representing the ratio of the fund to the level of insured deposits, declined due to losses 
caused by bank failures and the FDIC then increased its deposit insurance premiums on remaining institutions in order to 
replenish the insurance fund.  The Dodd-Frank Act requires the FDIC to maintain the ratio of the FDIC insurance fund to 
estimated total insured deposits (“Reserve Ratio”) at 1.35%.  If bank failures in the future are more costly than the FDIC 
currently anticipates, then the FDIC may be required to continue to impose higher insurance premiums.  Any such increase 
would increase our non-interest expense.  Thus, despite the prudent steps CNB may take to avoid the mistakes made by other 
banks, its costs of operations may increase as a result of events outside its control. 
 Extraordinary growth in insured deposits during the first and second quarters of 2020 caused the Reserve Ratio to 
decline below the statutory minimum of 1.35%, resulting in the FDIC establishing a restoration plan on September 15, 2020, 
which contemplates the Reserve Ratio returning to 1.35% within 8 years. In October 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule, 
applicable to all insured depository institutions, to increase the initial base deposit insurance assessment rates uniformly by 
2%, beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The rate increase is intended to increase the likelihood that 
the Reserve Ratio reaches the statutory minimum of 1.35% by September 30, 2028. The new assessment rates will remain in 
effect unless and until the Reserve Ratio meets or exceeds the FDIC’s long-term goal of a 2% Reserve Ratio. Progressively 
lower assessment rate schedules will take effect when the Reserve Ratio reaches 2%, and again when it reaches 2.5%. As a 
result of the Dodd-Frank Act, the increase in the standard FDIC insurance limit from US$100,000 to US$250,000 was made 
permanent.  The Dodd-Frank Act also removed the prohibition on banks paying interest on demand deposits.  
In connection with the FDIC’s resolution of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank in March 2023, U.S. 
government agencies invoked the “systemic risk exception” which extended FDIC insurance to depositors of the failed banks 
with deposits above the US$250,000 insurance limit.  In order to recover the cost associated with protecting such uninsured 
depositors, the FDIC adopted a final rule in November 2023 to implement a special assessment at an annual rate of 
approximately 13.4 basis points (0.134%) of a banking organization’s estimated uninsured deposits reported as of December 
31, 2022, excluding the first US$5 billion of the combined banking organization’s estimated uninsured deposits.  The special 
assessment will be due over eight quarterly periods.  Based on the terms of the FDIC’s final rule, CNB is expected to owe a 
special assessment of approximately US$19.8 million based on its uninsured deposits reported as of December 31, 2023. 
The FDIC may terminate the deposit insurance of any insured depository institution, including CNB, if it determines, 
after a hearing, that the institution has engaged or is engaging in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound 
condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, order or any condition imposed by an 
agreement with the FDIC.  It also may suspend deposit insurance temporarily during the hearing process for the permanent 
termination of insurance, if the institution has no tangible capital.  If insurance of accounts is terminated, the accounts at the 
institution at the time of the termination, less subsequent withdrawals, shall continue to be insured for a period of six months

--- Page 201 ---
189 
to two years, as determined by the FDIC.  Management is aware of no existing circumstances that would result in termination 
of CNB’s deposit insurance. 
Brokered Deposits.  Under federal law and applicable regulations, (i) a well capitalized bank may solicit and accept, 
renew or roll over any brokered deposit without restriction, (ii) an adequately capitalized bank may not accept, renew or roll 
over any brokered deposit unless it has applied for and been granted a waiver of this prohibition by the FDIC and (iii) an 
undercapitalized bank may not accept, renew or roll over any brokered deposit.  A bank that is less than well capitalized may 
not solicit deposits by offering a rate of interest that exceeds by more than 75 basis points the “national rate” (as published 
by the FDIC) (or, if higher, certain other national reference rates), except that, subject to certain criteria, such a bank may 
offer deposit interest rates up to a “local market rate cap” (determined by reference to prevailing interest rates on insured 
deposits of comparable maturity in such institution’s normal market area or in the market area in which such deposits are 
being solicited).  The term “undercapitalized insured depository institution” is defined to mean any insured depository 
institution that fails to meet the minimum regulatory capital requirement prescribed by its appropriate federal banking agency.  
The FDIC may, on a case-by-case basis and upon application by an adequately capitalized insured depository institution, 
waive the restriction on brokered deposits upon a finding that the acceptance of brokered deposits does not constitute an 
unsafe or unsound practice with respect to such institution.  In January 2021, the FDIC adopted amendments to aspects of 
FDIC’s brokered deposit and interest rate regulations.  The impact of these amendments on CNB’s operations is uncertain. 
Community Reinvestment and Consumer Protection Laws.  In connection with its lending activities, CNB is subject 
to a variety of federal laws designed to protect borrowers and promote lending to various sectors of the economy and 
population.  Included among these are the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, Truth-in-
Lending Act, Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act and CRA. 
The CRA requires FDIC insured banks to define the assessment areas that they serve, identify the credit needs of 
those assessment areas and take actions that respond to the credit needs of the community.  The OCC must conduct regular 
CRA examinations of CNB and assign it a CRA rating of “outstanding,” “satisfactory,” “needs to improve” or “substantial 
noncompliance.” The OCC periodically assess a bank’s compliance, and makes the assessment available to the public.  
Federal and laws require consideration of these ratings when reviewing a bank’s application to engage in certain transactions, 
including mergers, asset purchases and the establishment of branch offices.  A negative assessment may serve as a basis for 
the denial of any such application.  CNB has received an “outstanding” rating from the OCC in its most recent performance 
evaluation. 
In October 2023, the OCC and other federal regulatory agencies finalized comprehensive amendments to the CRA 
regulatory framework. Among other things, the amendments are intended to reflect changes in the banking industry, including 
the expanded role of mobile and online banking and to tailor performance standards to account for differences in bank size, 
business models and local conditions.   The ultimate consequences of the CRA amendments on CNB remain uncertain.  It 
also remains unclear whether any other particular legislative or regulatory proposals will be enacted or adopted concerning 
CRA requirements applicable to us.  Amendments to CRA requirements applicable to us that have been adopted or that may 
be adopted in the future may impact the ability of CNB to achieve “satisfactory” CRA performance ratings. 
The Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“Bureau”) with broad authority to regulate 
and enforce consumer protection laws.  The Bureau has the authority to adopt regulations under numerous existing federal 
consumer protection statutes.  The Bureau may also decide that a particular consumer financial product or service, or the 
manner in which it is offered, is an unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or practice.  If the Bureau so decides, it has the authority 
to outlaw such act or practice.  
Transactions with Related Parties.  CNB’s authority to engage in transactions with related parties or “affiliates” 
(i.e., any entity that controls or is under common control with an institution) is limited by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal 
Reserve Act.  Section 23A limits the aggregate amount of transactions with any individual affiliate to 10% of the capital and 
surplus of the institution and also limits the aggregate amount of transactions with all affiliates to 20% of the institution’s 
capital and surplus.  The term “affiliate” includes, for this purpose, us and any company that we control other than CNB and 
its subsidiaries. 
Loans to affiliates must be secured by collateral with a value that depends on the nature of the collateral.  The 
purchase of low quality assets from affiliates is generally prohibited.  Loans and asset purchases with affiliates must be on 
terms and under circumstances, including credit standards, that are substantially the same or at least as favorable to the 
institution as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with nonaffiliated companies.  In the absence of 
comparable transactions, such transactions may only occur under terms and circumstances, including credit standards that in 
good faith would be offered to or would apply to nonaffiliated companies.  CNB’s authority to extend credit to executive

--- Page 202 ---
190 
officers, directors and 10% shareholders, as well as entities controlled by such persons, is governed by Regulation O of the 
Federal Reserve Board.  Regulation O generally requires such loans to be made on terms substantially similar to those offered 
to unaffiliated individuals (except for preferential loans made in accordance with broad based employee benefit plans), places 
limits on the amount of loans CNB may make to such persons based, in part, on CNB’s capital position, and requires certain 
approval procedures to be followed.

--- Page 203 ---
191 
MANAGEMENT 
Directors 
 
We are managed by our Board of Directors, which is comprised of nine members who are elected for three-year 
terms at our annual shareholders’ meeting.  If a vacancy occurs, the Board of Directors may elect a temporary director until 
the next regular shareholders meeting at which the entire Board of Directors is to be elected.  There are regularly scheduled 
monthly meetings of the Board of Directors.  Extraordinary meetings are convened by the Chairman of the Board upon request 
by any other director with the agreement of the Chairman or upon request by a majority of the directors.  The Board of 
Directors is responsible, among other things, for the overall supervision and administration of our business activities, the 
appointment and removal of our executive officers, the review of our financial statements, the approval of our budget and the 
approval of any purchase or sale of real estate. 
Our current Board of Directors was elected in April 2022 and their term will end upon the election of the new 
members at the annual shareholders meeting which is expected to be held in April 2025.  
The members of our board of directors are:  
Directors 
Position 
Years as Director
 
 
 
Luis Enrique Yarur Rey ..................................................................................... 
Chairman 
32 
Juan Edgardo Goldenberg Peñafiel .................................................................... 
Vice-Chairman 
6 
Claudia Manuela Sánchez Muñoz ...................................................................... 
Director 
8 
Hernán Orellana Hurtado ................................................................................... 
Director 
7 
Klaus Schmidt-Hebbel Dunker .......................................................................... 
Director 
7 
José Pablo Arellano Marín ................................................................................. 
Director 
13 
Miguel Ángel Nacrur Gazali .............................................................................. 
Director 
5 
Jorge Becerra Urbano ......................................................................................... 
Director 
3 
Ignacio Yarur Arrasate ....................................................................................... 
Director 
1 
 
Luis Enrique Yarur Rey – Chairman. He holds a degree in law from the Universidad de Navarra, Spain, and a Master’s 
degree in economics and business administration from the Instituto de Educación Superior de Empresas (IESE), Spain.  He 
is currently the Chairman of Empresas Juan Yarur S.p.A, Empresas JY S.A., and Empresas SB S.A.; Vice Chairman of the 
Asociación de Bancos e Instituciones Financieras A.G., Inversiones Belén S.A., and Empresas Lourdes S.A.; member of the 
Business Advisory Council of the Centro de Estudios Superiores de la Empresa at Universidad de los Andes (ESE); advisor 
to the Centro de Estudios Públicos (Center of Public Studies).  He was CEO of Bci for 11 years. 
Juan Edgardo Goldenberg Peñafiel – Vice Chairman. He holds a degree in law from the University of Chile, and a degree 
in comparative law from Columbia University and also participated in the Phillip C. Jessup International Law Moot Court 
Competition in Washington D.C. and in the Master of Tax Law Course of the University of Chile.  He has presented at 
conferences and seminars and he is the author of several publications and articles on taxation matters.  He is a partner of 
Goldenberg & Lagos Abogados Ltda., a member of the Colegio de Abogados de Chile and the Tax Commission of the 
Colegio de Abogados de Chile, a member of the Instituto Chileno de Derecho Tributario, member of the International Section 
of the American Bar Association, and a member of the North American Chilean Chamber of Commerce.  He is also a director 
of Empresas Copec S.A., and AntarChile S.A. 
Claudia Manuela Sánchez Muñoz – Director. She is an independent director and holds a bachelor’s degree in business 
administration from Universidad Adolfo Ibáñez in Chile, and a master’s degree in business administration from Harvard 
University, United States.  She is a director of Mall Plaza, Compañia De Acero del Pacífico, Luksic Foundation, the Make a 
Wish Foundation, the Los Anhelos Foundation and Corporación del Patrimonio Cultural de Chile.  As a strategic consultant, 
she participates in the Advisory Board of Tsinghua University Latin American Center and in the Capital Market Advisory 
Council of the Chilean Ministry of Finance. She is also a member of the International Women’s Forum Association.  She 
worked as an analyst in McKinsey for three years in Buenos Aires, Argentina, then as an associate in Goldman Sachs & Co. 
in New York.  Later on, she worked in investment banking for Amadeus Capital Partners and Business Partners, and in 
strategy consultancy for Kleindahl and Deloitte, both in London.  From 2012 to 2016, she was Dean of Universidad Adolfo 
Ibáñez (UAI), Business School, being the first woman to hold this position. 
Hernán Orellana Hurtado – Director. He holds a degree in electronic civil engineering from the Federico Santa María

--- Page 204 ---
192 
University, majoring in telecommunications.  He is a director at Highservice S.A. and MI Robotic Solutions S.A., Business 
Advisor in Innovation and Digital Transformation at PROhumana. He has over 25 years of professional experience, mainly 
in the information technology and communications area, and he was the CEO of Compaq and Microsoft in Chile.  He was 
also the Dean of the Faculty of Engineering of the Andrés Bello University, executive director of Telefónica’s Research and 
Development Center in Chile and a member of the Innovation Circle of the Chilean Institute for Rational Business 
Administration (ICARE). 
Klaus Schmidt-Hebbel Dunker – Director. He is an independent director and holds a Ph.D. in economics from the 
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), a degree in business administration and a master’s degree in economics from 
the Pontifical Catholic University (PCU) of Chile.  He is a full professor at Universidad del Desarrollo, and a consultant, 
advisor and director of national and international corporations, associations and organizations.  He is a columnist and 
conference speaker.  He was the chief economist of the OECD.  Before that, he was the economic research manager of Central 
Bank of Chile and senior economist of the World Bank.  He was President of Chile’s Sovereign Fund Financial Advisory 
Committee, CEO of the Res Publica Chile Group, President of Sociedad de Economía de Chile and President of Club 
Monetario. 
José Pablo Arellano Marín – Director. He holds a degree in economics from the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile, 
and a master’s degree and PhD in economics from Harvard University, United States.  He is a director of companies and 
senior economist at CIEPLAN and tenured professor at the University of Chile and Pontificial Catholic University.  He was 
the CEO of CODELCO, Minister of the Chilean Ministry of Education, Director of the National Budget of Chile and president 
of Fundación Chile. 
Miguel Ángel Nacrur Gazali – Director. He is an independent director and holds a degree in law from the Pontifical Catholic 
University of Chile and a degree in business administration from the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile.  He is Professor 
at the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile School of Law. He is an Expert Professional of the Civil Service and 
Representative of the Public Senior Management Council in several public selection processes for government positions, and 
a director of Corporación Educacional Colegio Arabe and Nacrur Abogados Asociados law firm, and member of the 
commission on New Commercial Codification. For more than a decade, he was the general counsel of the Central Bank of 
Chile. 
Jorge Becerra Urbano – Director. He holds a degree in industrial engineering from the University of Buenos Aires, 
Argentina, a master’s degree in business administration from the IESE Business School of the University of Navarra, 
Barcelona, Spain. He joined Bci’s board of directors on June 23, 2020. He is a member of the board of directors of City 
National Bank of Florida and TECHO Internacional since 2017. He is member of the Innovation Circle of the Chilean Institute 
for Rational Business Administration (ICARE), and member of Young President Organization (YPO) for YPO Gold 
Latinamerica and YPO Euro Latm. He was Managing Director & Senior Partner of the Boston Consulting Group, member 
of the International Advisory Council of Endeavor Global, member of the Advisory Council of Endeavor Chile, and he was 
assistant professor of the financial planning lecture series of the Faculty of Engineering of the University of Buenos Aires. 
Ignacio Yarur Arrasate – Director. He holds a law degree from the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile and a master’s 
degree in business administration from IESE (Spain). Mr. Yarur worked as a lawyer at the legal firm Carey y Cia. Ltda. He 
joined Bci in 2004 and held diverse executive positions since then. He is a member of the board of directors of Bci since 
January 2024. 
Executive Committee 
Our day-to-day business is managed by an Executive Committee comprised of five directors and four alternate 
members.  The Executive Committee meets twice a week. The required quorum is met with the attendance of three members 
and decisions must be approved by a majority of the present members, except for certain decisions for which a qualified 
majority is required for their adoption.  The current members of the Executive Committee are Luis Enrique Yarur Rey, Ignacio 
Yarur Arrasate, José Pablo Arellano Marín, Claudia Manuela Sánchez Muñoz and Juan Edgardo Goldenberg Peñafiel. 
The duties of the Executive Committee include, among others: 
● 
answering all credit and financial operations to be submitted for its consideration and resolution; 
● 
approving general policies about financial, credit and operational risk; 
● 
approving credit policies and financial investments manuals, as well as the awarding conferred upon them, 
including risk models, among others;

--- Page 205 ---
193 
● 
determining interest and discount rates for different operations that concern us, such as fixed position limits for 
loans and financial investments in Chile and abroad, as well as the maximum allowable loss;  
● 
reviewing different economic sectors information and analysis of their evaluation, setting limits of credit and 
financial exposure, according to the area; 
● 
establishing country risk exposure limits, before risk classification analysis and other variables that impact 
external financing; 
● 
reviewing, at least twice a year, the credit reports posted to past-due portfolio, proposing measures to stabilize 
such condition; 
● 
determining resources assigned periodically to provisions and penalties, without prejudice to ensure regulatory 
compliance applicable to these kind of events; 
● 
approving purchase, sale and encumbrance constitution of any kind of movable and immovable property, 
securities and rights of any kind, without prejudice to the limitations and prohibitions established in the General 
Banking Law; 
● 
establishing branches, agencies and other offices, as well as ceasing their operations; 
● 
giving general and special powers, submitted to its resolution, for the business proper functioning of the business 
and all operational needs; 
● 
approving specific donations, subject to applicable law; 
● 
reviewing the corporate governance annual report and the alignment performance of the Board and all the 
associated committees, proposing recommendations and working practices for such bodies; 
● 
proposing changes to the structure of powers and setting general policies about designated agents and company 
representatives; 
● 
monitoring compliance of directors and manager’s training activities; 
● 
reviewing shareholder proposals, service quality and bank information given to them, as well as management 
responses to their requirements, if any; 
● 
evaluating administration performance related to the committee activities, alignment with the Bank’s mission, 
and performance in strengthening the competitive and distinct capabilities of the institution, attributable to its 
adherence to the corporate governance principles; 
● 
performing all acts, businesses or contracts it deems useful or necessary for the progress of the institution and 
foreign businesses; and 
● 
preparing annual self-evaluation of the functioning of the committee, reporting to the Board. 
Directors Committee 
Our Directors Committee is comprised of three members who are appointed by our Board of Directors and meets at 
least once a month.  The required quorum is met with the attendance of two members and decisions must be approved by the 
majority of the present members.  The current members of the Directors Committee are José Pablo Arellano Marín, Klaus 
Schmidt-Hebbel Dunker and Miguel Ángel Nacrur Gazali.  Klaus Schmidt-Hebbel Dunker and Miguel Ángel Nacrur Gazali 
are independent members in accordance with Article 50 bis of the Chilean Corporation Law. 
The Directors Committee has the duties of our former Audit Committee, which include, among others: 
● 
reviewing reports of the external auditors, balance sheet and our consolidated annual and interim financial 
statements, and balance sheet and annual individual financial statements of our subsidiaries;

--- Page 206 ---
194 
● 
selecting our external auditors and rating agencies for the consideration of our Board of Directors, and reviewing 
the reports and procedures of our external auditors and interacting with the rating agencies; 
● 
monitoring the selected external audit firm, as well as the terms and scope of the audit, prior to its inception; 
● 
reviewing the submitted information of related party transactions, and informing the Board of Directors or the 
Executive Committee, as applicable, in the relevant meeting held to review such transactions; 
● 
analyzing the risks identified by our internal audits and reviewing the proposed plans and measures to mitigate 
such risks; 
● 
coordinating the responsibilities and tasks of our Comptrollership Department with the reviews of our external 
auditors; 
● 
monitoring the observance of our institutional compliance policies; 
● 
examining reported suspicious or fraudulent conduct (including anti-money laundering violations or issues and 
resolutions approved by our Anti-Money Laundering Committee) and resolving issues related to conflict of 
interest; 
● 
analyzing the inspection reports, observations and recommendations from the CMF; 
● 
examining the results of our internal audit and the compliance reports in connection with our annual audit plan;  
● 
requesting a confirmation from the Accounting Manager or those responsible for the Bank’s accounting as to 
whether there have been accounting changes and their effects, and reviewing them if applicable; 
● 
approving the resolutions of our Compensation Committee; 
● 
monitoring the certain resolutions agreed by our Finance and Corporate Risk Committee;  
● 
preparing annual report on its management, including its main recommendations to shareholders; and 
● 
reporting to the Board of Directors about the advisability of hiring the external audit firm for the provision of 
services that are not part of the external audit, when they are not prohibited in accordance with the provisions 
of article 242 of the Chilean Securities Market Law. 
Finance and Corporate Risk Committee 
Our Finance and Corporate Risk Committee controls our financial strategies and defines, and monitors compliance 
with, our credit risk, operational and financial policies and exposure limits, among other activities.  This committee meets at 
least on a monthly basis.  The required quorum is met with the attendance of three members and decisions must be approved 
by the majority of present members.  The current members of this committee are Luis Enrique Yarur Rey, Ignacio Yarur 
Arrasate, Juan Edgardo Goldenberg Peñafiel, Klaus Schmidt-Hebbel Dunker and José Pablo Arellano Marín. 
The duties of the Finance and Corporate Risk Committee include, among others: 
● 
reviewing the commercial exposure and market risks of our trading desk; 
● 
reviewing our allowances for loan losses and charge-offs; 
● 
monitoring Basel indicators, according to the different models to be implemented; 
● 
reviewing and monitoring the strategies of our Assets and Liabilities Committee; 
● 
approving our short- and long- term funding strategies and liquidity gaps; 
● 
reviewing market information and projections;

--- Page 207 ---
195 
● 
approving our interest rate, inflation and currency strategies, and current trading positions; 
● 
approving portfolio strategies with respect to our domestic and foreign investments;  
● 
monitoring our internal limits and variations of financial risk;  
● 
examining ratios of credit, financial, operational and compliance risk and operational risk; 
● 
reviewing the portfolio situation (e.g. economic or geographical sector, concentrations or other that is 
considered convenient), as well as the situation of specific segments or groups of customers, such as principal 
debtors, major deteriorations, etc.; 
● 
monitoring the behavior of the normative models of risk; 
● 
reviewing the behavior of provisions and penalties, based on profitability and risk, by product and segment, and 
their comparison with the competition; 
● 
monitoring the compliance of policies, internal limits and main variations of financial, credit, compliance and 
operational risk and their alignment with the defined policies; 
● 
analyzing the results of capital and liquidity stress tests, among others, and compliance with regulatory capital 
ratios, as well as the actions that may be derived from the aforementioned results; 
● 
monitoring and reviewing the compliance of liquidity policies and levels; and 
● 
monitoring and reviewing of compliance programs, including related matters to AML/BSA, and financial 
compliance. 
Human Resources and Corporate Culture Committee 
The purpose of our Human Resources and Corporate Culture Committee, which meets twice a year, is to establish 
our compensation policies.  The required quorum is met with the attendance of three members and decisions must be approved 
by the majority of present members.  The current members are Luis Enrique Yarur Rey, Claudia Manuela Sánchez Muñoz, 
Ignacio Yarur Arrasate, Miguel Ángel Nacrur Gazali and Hernán Orellana Hurtado. 
The duties of the Human Resources and Corporate Culture Committee include, among others: 
(a) 
establishing general policies of compensation, including remuneration, bonuses and 
benefits for each employee segment; 
(b) 
analyzing the compensation system in relation to the industry or other comparative 
regimes; 
(c) 
determining the aspects that influence the formation of remuneration; and 
(d) 
establishing compensation mechanisms in order to ensure to all employees of the Bank 
have a worthy quality of life, stable work and development opportunities (personal, 
professional and family), encouraging and adequately rewarding good performance.  
Sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee 
The main purpose of this committee is to review our strategies, policies and programs, related to the corporate social 
responsibility.  This committee meets at least four times a year.  The required quorum is met with the presence of three 
members and decisions must be approved by the majority of present members.  The members of this committee are Luis 
Enrique Yarur Rey, Ignacio Yarur Arrasate, José Pablo Arellano Marín, Juan Edgardo Goldenberg Peñafiel and Jorge Becerra 
Urbano. 
The duties of the Sustainability and Corporate Social Responsibility Committee include, among others:

--- Page 208 ---
196 
● 
suggesting topics that should be discussed periodically, according to the nature of its mission and objectives; 
● 
reviewing periodically the Code of Ethics, setting the adjustments and updates that it requires or the Committee 
deems necessary; 
● 
establishing procedures, policies and donations programs and other social welfare activities; 
● 
reviewing and approving the corporate social responsibility or sustainability report of the Bank;  
● 
reviewing Bank’s business practices and its subsidiaries, as well as the impact they may have on the reputation, 
image and prestige of Bci and its subsidiaries; 
● 
evaluating administration performance in activities related to the Committee’s work, its alignment with the 
mission’s Bank and its performance in strengthening the competitive and distinctive capabilities attributable to 
its adherence to the principles of sustainability and corporate social responsibility; and 
● 
executing annual self-evaluation of its operation as a Committee, reporting to the Board. 
Technology and Innovation Committee 
The main purpose of this committee is to assist our board of directors in technology decisions.  This committee 
meets at least three times a year.  The required quorum is met with the presence of three members and decisions must be 
approved by the majority of present members.  The members of this committee are Luis Enrique Yarur Rey, Miguel Ángel 
Nacrur Gazali, Claudia Manuela Sánchez Muñoz, Hernán Orellana Hurtado and Jorge Becerra Urbano. 
The duties of the Technology and Innovation Committee include, among others: 
● 
reviewing and approving the technological strategy and design proposed by the General Management; 
● 
reviewing and approving the safety technological plan strategy; 
● 
oversee the implementation of the mentioned strategies; 
● 
reviewing and approving the budget for technology investments overlapping the general management;  
● 
conducting along with the general management the review and examination of new proposals to allow 
innovation for clients;  
● 
reviewing and approving the annual plan of investments on operations and technology;  
● 
approving investments on technology according to the business vision and design of the Bank; 
● 
establishing and approving the general policies regarding outsourcing of functions with technological suppliers 
proposed by General Management; and 
● 
reviewing and approving the proposals of General Management regarding new operational models of the Bank. 
Ethics Committee 
The purpose of our Ethics Committee, which meets at least four times a year, is to review and resolve ethic issues 
related to Bci and its employees.  The required quorum is met with the attendance of two directors.  Decisions must be 
approved by the majority of the directors.  The current directors that composed this committee are Luis Enrique Yarur Rey, 
José Pablo Arellano Marín and Juan Edgardo Goldenberg Peñafiel.  Furthermore, our CEO and two of our managers regularly 
attend the meetings of this committee. 
The duties of the Ethics Committee include, among other: 
(a) 
interpreting the correct meaning, scope and extension of the provisions contained on the 
Code of Ethics;

--- Page 209 ---
197 
(b) 
resolving if the facts or conducts submitted to the Ethics Committee are governed by the 
provisions of the Code of Ethics; 
(c) 
monitoring instances of infringement of the Code of Ethics, as well as the information 
provided by the employees subject to the provisions thereto; 
(d) 
adopting the necessary measures in order to protect the identity of the persons that report 
the Ethics Committee any actions that infringe or may infringe the Code of Ethics, as 
well as the information provided for such effects; 
(e) 
sanctioning conduct that infringes the Code of Ethics, proposing measures to correct 
them; 
(f) 
determining if the facts reported to Ethics Committee will also lead to the exercise of 
civil and criminal actions before the Courts of Justice; 
(g) 
authorizing acts of Bank’s employees in activities, operations or investments that, 
according to the Code of Ethics, should be reviewed by the Ethics Committee; 
(h) 
registering the authorizations granted and the information provided by the employees of 
the Bank for such purposes, recording the foregoing in the relevant minutes; 
(i) 
participating in internal and external events related to the ethical behavior of people in 
organizations; 
(j) 
executing communications and disclosures of ethical content; 
(k) 
generating doctrine and jurisprudence of their competence; and 
(l) 
exercising other functions and attributes contained in the Code of Ethics. 
Executive Officers 
Our executive officers are appointed and removed by our Board of Directors at its discretion.  Our current principal 
executive officers and the directors of each area or department are listed below. 
Executive Officers 
Position 
Number of years at 
Bci 
 
 
 
Eugenio von Chrismar Carvajal 
 
Chief Executive Officer 
24 
Javier Moraga Klenner 
 
Managing Director Finance Division 
14 
Gerardo Spoerer Hurtado 
 
Managing Director Wholesale Banking 
27 
Diego Yarur Arrasate 
 
Chief of Corporate Development and International Division 
17 
Ximena Kutscher Taiba 
 
Audit and Compliance Head 
19 
Pablo Julian Grohnert 
 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
17 
José Luis Ibaibarriaga Martínez 
 
Chief Financial Officer and Controller 
12 
Rodrigo Corces Barja 
 
Managing Director Retail Banking  
26 
Antonio Le Feuvre Vergara 
 
Chief Corporate Risk Officer 
38 
Fernando Carmash Cassis 
 
General Counsel 
36 
Patricio Subiabre Montero 
 
Chief Operating and Technology Officer 
8 
Claudia Ramos Arellano 
Chief of Innovation and D&A 
27 
 
 
 
Included below are brief biographical descriptions of each of our executive officers and the directors of each area or 
department. 
Eugenio von Chrismar Carvajal joined us in 1999.  He has ample experience in the Chilean and international 
financial industry, having held positions such as Finance Manager of Citibank, Chile, Director of Investment Banking in 
Citibank, Mexico, Director of Investment Banking at Bank of America, Mexico and General Manager of Tanner Corredores 
de Chile.  He is a civil engineer graduated from the University of Santiago and has participated in a management course at 
Harvard and a Postgraduate in Senior Management of Companies at Universidad de los Andes.

--- Page 210 ---
198 
Javier Moraga Klenner joined Bci on April 1, 2009 as Trading Associate Manager and he became Sales & Trading 
Manager.  He has experience in finance managing, both local and international, and has actively contributed in forming and 
developing the current Sales & Trading division at Bci.  Before joining Bci he worked eight years for Deutsche Bank in Chile.  
Javier is a commercial engineer graduated from the University of Chile, holds a degree in International Finance from 
Universitát Mannheim, Germany, and graduated from the Advanced Management Program, Universidad de los Andes, Chile.  
Gerardo Spoerer Hurtado joined Bci on August 1, 1996, and he has held diverse executive and management 
positions as Financial and International Assistant Director, Chief of Financial Risk, Assistant Director of Market Risk, 
Manager of Management of Financial Risk, Manager of Distribution, CEO of BCI Asset Management Administradora 
General de Fondos S.A. and Manager of Wealth Management.  He has participated in bonds issuances, project financings, 
mergers and acquisitions and asset valuations.  Before joining Bci he worked four years for BICE Group.  Gerardo is a 
commercial engineer who graduated from the University of Chile and holds a master’s in business administration in finance 
and corporate management from Navarra University, Spain. 
Diego Yarur Arrasate has been with us since 2006.  He gained professional experience at Bci Miami, Santander 
Investment Chile Ltda., American Express Bank and Empresas Jordan S.A.  He holds a commercial engineering degree from 
the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile and a master’s in business administration from Columbia Business School. 
Ximena Kutscher Taiba joined us in 2003 as Process Audit Manager.  Mrs. Kutscher has extensive professional 
experience in the domestic and international financial system, with experience in auditing financial institutions in Chile and 
in Latin America, developing leadership roles in various areas related to internal audit functions and processes.  She is an 
Accountant Auditor IEB graduated from the University of Santiago, holds a master’s in business administration from IEDE, 
Spain and has participated in the Advanced Management Program at Universidad de Los Andes. 
Pablo Jullian Grohnert joined us in 2006, having spent most of his professional career with Unilever in Chile, 
Central America and the United States as manager and Director of Human Resources He holds a degree in commercial 
engineering from the University Diego Portales. 
José Luis Ibaibarriaga joined us in June 2011, and became Chief Financial Planning and Control Division on 
January 1, 2012.  He has extensive experience, serving in positions as CFO and VP Finance Technical administrative 
telecommunications companies like Electrolux, BellSouth Telefónica and Aramark both in Chile and internationally.  He is 
a Certified Auditor graduated from the University of Chile, and holds an Executive MBA master’s in business administration 
the University Adolfo Ibañez. 
Rodrigo Corces Barja has been with us since 1997.  He gained experience in Empresas CMPC in marketing and 
sales and QUM Marketing and Communication in Madrid.  He holds a Civil Industrial Engineering degree from Pontifical 
Catholic University of Chile and a master’s in business administration from IESE, Spain.  
Antonio LeFeuvre Vergara has been with us since 1985.  Prior to taking on the position of Chief Corporate Risk 
Officer, he served as corporate, real estate and electronic banking manager.  He is a member of the board of BCI Factoring 
S.A., Bci Financial Advisory and BCI Securitization S.A.  He was director of Artikos Subsidiaries.  Mr. Le Feuvre holds a 
commercial engineering degree from the University of Chile and a master’s in business administration from the University 
Adolfo Ibañez. 
Fernando Carmash Cassis joined us in 1987 as Senior Counsel in Acts and Contracts and, then, in 2011, Legal 
Manager of Corporate & Investment Banking Division.  Presently holds the position of General Counsel of Bci.  Before 
joining us, he was Legal Counsel of Ilustre Municipalidad de Valdivia and the Labor Division (Dirección del Trabajo) of 
Santiago.  Mr. Carmash earned his law degree from the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile. 
Patricio Subiabre Montero joined us in August, 2015.  He has more than 30 years of experience in the national 
and regional finance sector.  He started his career at Citibank, where he was the Chief Operating and Technology Officer for 
Chile and other countries.  Mr. Subriabre holds a civil engineering degree from the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile. 
Claudia Ramos Arellano joined us in 1997.  She has more than 20 years of experience in banking, tackling and 
leading challenges in various areas and teams, specializing in Digital Transformation. She currently serves as Corporate 
Manager of data and analytics, with nearly 14 years of experience. Additionally, she is a director of Bci’s subsidiary in 
Normalization and Collection Services, and Co-Chair of the Artificial Intelligence and Data committee of the North American 
Chilean Chamber of Commerce.

--- Page 211 ---
199 
Business Address 
The business address of our directors and executive officers and our principal executive offices is located at Avenida 
El Golf 125, Las Condes, Santiago, Chile.

--- Page 212 ---
200 
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS 
The following table sets forth information with respect to the record and beneficial ownership of our capital stock 
as of the date of this Prospectus, with respect to each shareholder known to us to own 1.25% or more of our outstanding 
common shares and all directors and executive officers as a group: 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Shares 
Number of 
common shares 
% of Total Share 
Capital 
Empresas Juan Yarur S.P.A. .............................................................................................  
121,017,770 
55.36% 
Banco de Chile on behalf of non-resident third parties .....................................................  
12,600,822 
5.76% 
Banco Santander on behalf of foreign investors. ..............................................................  
5,886,104 
2.69% 
Banchile Corredores de Bolsa S.A. ..................................................................................  
5,625,248 
2.57% 
AFP Habitat S.A. ..............................................................................................................  
5,416,072 
2.48% 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A. on behalf of third parties. ....................................................  
4,862,484 
2.22% 
AFP Cuprum S.A. .............................................................................................................  
4,487,156 
2.05% 
AFP Provida S.A ..............................................................................................................  
4,443,183 
2.03% 
Inversiones Cerro Sombrero Financiero S.P.A .................................................................  
4,051,822 
1.85% 
AFP Capital S.A. ..............................................................................................................  
3,719,525 
1.70% 
Imsa Financiera S.P.A. .....................................................................................................  
3,262,820 
1.49% 
Larrain Vial S.A. Corredor de Bolsa ................................................................................  
3,059,664 
1.40% 
Inversiones Nueva Altamira S.P.A. ..................................................................................  
2,539,450 
1.16% 
Inversiones VYR S.P.A. ...................................................................................................  
2,491,841 
1.14% 
Inversiones Tarascona Corporation Agencia en Chile ......................................................  
1,977,063 
0.90% 
Jorge Yarur Bascuñan .......................................................................................................  
1,843,136 
0.84% 
Credicorp Capital S.A. Corredores de Bolsa ....................................................................  
1,832,768 
0.84% 
AFP Modelo S.A. .............................................................................................................  
1,601,361 
0.73% 
BTG Pactual Chile S.A. Corredores de Bolsa ..................................................................  
1,380,631 
0.63% 
AFP Planvital S.A. ...........................................................................................................  
1,377,699 
0.63% 
Empresas JY S.A. .............................................................................................................  
1,280,778 
0.59% 
Inversiones Colibrí Financiera S.A. ..................................................................................  
1,202,436 
0.55% 
Bice Inversiones Corredores de Bolsa S.A. ......................................................................  
1,020,858 
0.47% 
Bolsa Electrónica de Chile Bolsa de Valores ....................................................................  
1,009,716 
0.46% 
Bolsa de Comercio de Santiago Bolsa de Valores ............................................................  
793,499 
0.36% 
Other shareholders ............................................................................................................  
19,820,353 
9.07% 
Subscribed and paid-in shares .......................................................................................  
218,604,259 
100.00% 
 
Shareholders related to the Yarur Family held 63.57% of our issued and outstanding shares. Such shareholders are 
parties to a shareholders’ agreement dated December 30, 1994, last amended as of September 29, 2023, pursuant to which 
they agree to vote as a group with respect to their shareholdings in us. In addition, they reiterated their intention to preserve 
the principles upon which the management of the institution has been based. 
In accordance with article 14 of the Chilean Corporations Law, this agreement is in our shareholders’ record for 
other shareholders and interested third parties to review upon request.

--- Page 213 ---
201 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
In the ordinary course of our business, we engage in a variety of transactions with certain of our affiliates and related 
parties.  Under Article 147 of the Chilean Corporations Law, our transactions with related parties need to be on terms similar 
to those customarily prevailing in the market and they must have the purpose of contributing to the corporate interest.  
Directors and executive officers of companies that violate Article 147 are personally liable for losses resulting from such 
violations. 
In addition, Article 147 of the Chilean Corporations Law provides that any transaction in which a director or certain 
officers have a personal interest or are acting on behalf of an interested third party may be implemented only if the transaction 
is approved by the board of directors, and to the extent that the approved transaction is carried out on terms similar to those 
customarily prevailing in the market.  Under Article 147, a company may not enter into a material transaction in which one 
or more of its directors have a direct or indirect interest unless (i) the transaction has received the prior approval of the 
company’s board of directors (excluding the interested directors), (ii) the terms of the transaction are consistent with the terms 
of similar transactions prevailing in the market and have the purpose of contributing to the corporate interest, and (iii) the 
transaction is in furtherance of the entity’s best interests.  If it is not possible to reach a decision meeting those requirements, 
the board must appoint one independent evaluator and the directors committee may appoint another one.  The evaluator’s 
final conclusions must be made available to shareholders and directors for a period of 15 business days, and then a 
shareholders’ meeting must approve the transaction with the vote of shareholders representing two-thirds of the outstanding 
shares with voting power.  For purposes of these rules, a proposed transaction is material if (1) it exceeds 1% of the company’s 
net worth (provided that it also exceeds UF 2,000) or (2) it exceeds UF 20,000. Violation of Chilean Corporations Law 
provisions that govern related party transactions may result in administrative sanctions, and civil liability may be sought by 
the company, its shareholders or interested third parties that suffer losses as a result of such violations. 
The following transactions with related parties may be executed without complying with the requirements previously 
mentioned, subject to the prior approval of the company’s board of directors: (i) transactions that are not considered material 
(an act or contract is deemed material if (1) it exceeds 1% of the company’s paid-in capital and reserves and it also exceeds 
UF2,000, or (2) it exceeds UF20,000; there being a presumption that all contracts celebrated within a period of 12 months 
constitute one single transaction, irrespective of whether they are executed in one or more separate transactions during such 
period of time); (ii) transactions that, according to a general policy of customary transactions adopted by the company’s board 
of directors, are considered customary in connection with the company’s corporate purpose; and (iii) transactions among 
companies in which the company owns, directly or indirectly, at least 95% of the stake of the other party to the agreement. 
Under the Chilean General Banking Law (Ley General de Bancos, Decreto con Fuerza de Ley No. 3 of 1997), 
transactions between a bank and its affiliates are subject to certain additional restrictions, such as (i) the prohibition of granting 
loans bearing more favorable terms than those generally offered by banks in the same community, to any entity (or group of 
related entities) that is directly or indirectly related to its owners or management, (ii) the prohibition of granting loans to 
senior executives and to companies in which any of these individuals has an ownership interest or participation in net earnings 
equal or higher than 5.0%, and (iii) the requirements that the aggregate amount of loans to related parties may not exceed the 
bank’s regulatory capital. 
We believe that we have complied and are in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of the relevant 
provisions of the Chilean Corporations Law and the General Banking Law governing related party transactions with respect 
to all of our transactions with related parties. 
Loans Granted to Related Parties 
The following tables set forth our loans to related parties as of December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023:

--- Page 214 ---
202 
 
As of December 31, 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
 
(in millions of Ch$) 
 
Financial assets 
at amortized 
costs 
  
   
Contingent 
loans 
Collateral 
Pledged(1) 
Financial 
assets at 
amortized 
costs 
  
   
Contingent 
loans 
Collateral 
Pledged(1) 
Financial assets 
at amortized 
costs 
  
   
Contingent 
loans 
Collateral 
Pledged(1) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Key personnel of 
the consolidated 
bank ...................  
5,664 
1,358 
3,217 
6,130 
 
1,378 
3,412 
4,631 
1,392 
2,353 
Other related 
parties ................  
272,999 
73,094 
158,202 
224,615 
43,362 
176,334 
297,950 
65,244 
166,683 
Total...............  
278,663 
74,452 
161,419 
230,745 
44,740 
179,746 
302,581 
66,636 
169,036 
 
(1) 
Includes all guarantees. 
 
All related party loans were made in the ordinary course of business, were made on substantially the same terms, 
including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons, and did 
not involve more than the normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features.  
Other Transactions with Related Parties 
The following tables set forth our income (expenses) from services provided to (by) related parties during 2021, 
2022 and 2023: 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effect on income 
Company name 
Relationship 
with the 
Group 
Description 
Amount of 
transaction(1) 
Expense 
Income 
  
  
  
(in millions of Ch$) 
Artikos Chile S.A. 
Joint venture Acquisition services 
1,287 
1,287 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida 
S.A. 
Other 
Revenue and channel usage service 
2,703 
- 
2,703 
Brand use 
1,656 
- 
1,656 
Messaging 
158 
- 
158 
Channel usage 
552 
- 
552 
Marketing 
204  
204 
- 
Financial bond 
8,399 
433 
- 
Bank expenses 
238  
- 
184 
Collection fees Servicios Financieros y 
Administración de Créditos Comerciales 
S.A. 
3,806  
- 
2,926 
 
 
Collection fees Servicios Financieros 
Corredores de Seguros y Gestión 
Financiera Ltda. 
10,371  
- 
10,371 
BCI Seguros Generales 
S.A. 
Other 
Brand use 
1,656  
- 
1,656 
 
 
Channel usage 
552  
- 
552 
 
 
Marketing 
1,425  
1,425 
 
 
 
Commissions use of Channel 
411  
 
345 
 
 
Time Deposits 
5,991  
1,373 
- 
 
 
Financial bond 
14,396  
520 
- 
 
 
Subordinated bonds 
296  
22 
- 
 
 
Insurance 
8,868  
7,644 
- 
 
 
Collection fees Servicios Financieros 
Corredores de Seguros y Gestión 
Financiera Ltda. 
2,911  
- 
2,451 
 
 
Collection fees BCI CCSS 
39,500  
- 
39,500 
 
 
 
  
 
 
Zenit General Insurance 
Others 
Fair value investments, Financial bond 
590  
130 
-

--- Page 215 ---
203 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effect on income 
Company name 
Relationship 
with the 
Group 
Description 
Amount of 
transaction(1) 
Expense 
Income 
S.A.  
Centro de 
Compensación 
Automatizado S.A. 
Others 
Electronic banking transactions 
2,578   
2,578 
- 
Combanc S.A. 
Associate 
Compensation and high value payment 
596   
596 
- 
Comder Contraparte 
Central S.A. 
Associate 
Bank processing 
1,673   
1,673 
- 
Conexxion Spa 
Others 
Postal mail service 
241   
241 
- 
DCV Registros S.A. 
Others 
Administration shareholder registry 
150  
150 
 
Depósitos Central de 
Valores S.A. 
Others 
Custody of financial 
654  
654 
- 
Digitech Solutions S.A. 
Others 
Digitalization of documents 
152  
152 
- 
Inmobiliaria Anya S.A. 
Others 
Real estate projects 
154  
154 
- 
-Inmobiliaria JY S.A 
Others 
Real estate projects 
280   
280 
- 
Jordan ( Chile ) S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Forms printing 
2,759   
2,759 
- 
Redbanc S.A. 
Associate 
ATMs Operation 
7,790   
7,790 
- 
Salcobrand S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Rent of places for ATMs 
252   
252 
- 
Servipag Ltda. 
Joint venture Services collection and payment 
4,414   
4,414 
- 
Inmobiliaria SB SPA 
Others 
Offices rental 
166  
166 
- 
Boston Consulting 
Group 
Others 
Strategic advice 
1,812  
1,812 
- 
Demos una Oportuniad 
al Menor 
Others 
Corporation 
258  
258 
- 
Transbank S.A. 
Other 
Credit card management and credit card 
use income 
2,103   
1,554 
549 
 
 
(1) 
Only transactions over UF1,000 are disclosed. 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effect on income 
Company name 
Relationship 
with the 
Group 
Description 
Amount of 
transaction(1) 
Expense 
Income 
  
  
  
(in millions of Ch$) 
Artikos Chile S.A. 
Joint venture Acquisition services 
1,122  
1,122  
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida 
S.A. 
Other 
Revenue and channel usage service 
2,623  
- 
2,623  
Brand use 
1,580  
- 
1,580  
Messaging 
190  
- 
190  
Channel usage 
527  
- 
527  
Marketing 
524   
- 
524  
Subordinated bond 
433  
94 
- 
Financial bond 
8,126 
907 
- 
Bank expenses 
232  
195 
- 
Collection fees Servicios Financieros y 
Administración de Créditos Comerciales 
S.A. 
7,903  
- 
6,641 
Contracted insurance 
5,842  
4,356 
- 
 
 
Collection fees Servicios Financieros 
Corredores de Seguros y Gestión 
Financiera Ltda. 
6,752  
- 
5,556 
Intermediation fees BCI CCSS 
36,712  
- 
36,712

--- Page 216 ---
204 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effect on income 
Company name 
Relationship 
with the 
Group 
Description 
Amount of 
transaction(1) 
Expense 
Income 
Zenit Seguros Generales 
S.A.  
Others 
Fair value investments, Financial bond 
1,161  
129 
- 
Centro de 
Compensación 
Automatizado S.A. 
Others 
Electronic banking transactions 
2,274    
2,274  
- 
Combanc S.A. 
Associate 
Compensation and high value payment 
517    
517  
- 
Comder Contraparte 
Central S.A. 
Associate 
Bank processing 
1,453    
1,453  
- 
Conexxion Spa 
Others 
Postal mail service 
240    
240 
- 
Inmobiliaria JY S.A 
Others 
Real estate projects 
256   
256  
- 
Jordan ( Chile ) S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Forms printing 
2,728    
2,728  
- 
Redbanc S.A. 
Associate 
ATMs Operation 
8,673    
8,673  
- 
Salcobrand S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Rent of places for ATMs 
246    
246  
- 
Servipag Ltda. 
Joint venture Services collection and payment 
4,429    
4,429  
- 
Inmobiliaria SB SPA 
Others 
Offices rental 
152  
152 
- 
Boston Consulting 
Group 
Others 
Strategic advice 
5,846   
5,846  
- 
Demos una Oportuniad 
al Menor 
Others 
Corporation 
271  
271 
- 
Transbank S.A. 
Other 
Credit card management and credit card 
use income 
2,234    
1,520  
714  
 
 
(1) 
Only transactions over UF1,000 are disclosed. 
 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effect on income 
Company name 
Relationship 
with the 
Group 
Description 
Amount of 
transaction(1) 
Expense 
Income 
  
  
  
(in millions of Ch$) 
  
Artikos Chile S.A. 
Joint venture Acquisition services 
103  
103  
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida 
S.A. 
Other 
Revenue and channel usage service 
187  
- 
187  
Brand use 
139  
- 
139  
Messaging 
16  
- 
16  
Channel usage 
46  
- 
46  
Loss management 
105  
- 
105  
Marketing 
59  
59  
Subordinated bonds 
51 
7 
- 
Financial bond 
116 
36 
- 
Bank expenses 
19 
16 
- 
Collection fees Servicios Financieros y 
Administración de Créditos Comerciales 
S.A. 
919 
- 
773 
Intermediation fees BCI CCSS 
1,078  
1,078  
BCI Seguros Generales 
S.A. 
Other 
 
 
 
 
 
Brand use 
139  
- 
139  
Messaging 
9  
- 
9  
Channel usage 
46  
- 
46  
Marketing 
42  
- 
42  
Fixed Term deposits 
144 
- 
-

--- Page 217 ---
205 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effect on income 
Company name 
Relationship 
with the 
Group 
Description 
Amount of 
transaction(1) 
Expense 
Income 
Financial bond 
1,049 
- 
- 
Contracted insurance 
663 
557 
- 
Intermediation fees financial services, 
Corredores de Seguros y Gestión 
Financiera Ltda 
795 
- 
668 
Intermediation fees BCI CCSS 
3,199  
- 
3,199  
Intermediation fees BCI CCSS Marketing 
contribution 
18 
- 
18 
Zenit Seguros Generales 
S.A.  
Others 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fair value investments, Financial bond 
145 
 
4 
- 
Centro de 
Compensación 
Automatizado S.A. 
Others 
Electronic banking transactions 
201    
201  
- 
Combanc S.A. 
Associate 
Compensation and high value payment 
52    
52  
- 
Comder Contraparte 
Central S.A. 
Associate 
Bank processing 
98    
98  
- 
Conexxion Spa 
Others 
Postal mail service 
24    
24 
- 
DCV Registros S.A. 
Others 
Management of register of shareholders 
10    
10  
- 
Depósitos Central de 
Valores S.A. 
Others 
Financial instruments custody 
59    
59  
- 
Digitech Solutions S.A. 
Others 
Digital documentation 
31    
31  
- 
Inmobiliaria Anya S.A. 
Others 
Real estate projects 
12   
12  
- 
Inmobiliaria JY S.A. 
Others 
Real estate projects 
23   
23  
- 
Jordan ( Chile ) S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Forms printing 
228    
228  
- 
Operadoras de Tarjetas 
de Crédito Nexus S.A. 
Associate 
Card Processing 
858    
858  
- 
Redbanc S.A. 
Associate 
ATMs Operation 
716    
716  
- 
Salcobrand S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Rent of places for ATMs 
25    
25  
- 
Servicios de 
Información avanzada 
S.A. 
Others 
Trade information service 
99    
99  
- 
Servipag Ltda. 
Joint venture Services collection and payment 
429    
429  
- 
Sistema Nacional de 
Com. Financieras S.A. 
(Sinacofi) 
Others 
Financial information service 
57    
57  
- 
Boston Consulting 
Group 
Others 
Strategic advice 
318 
 
318  
 
Transbank S.A. 
Other 
Credit card management and credit card 
use income 
187    
138  
49  
 
(1) 
Only transactions over UF1,000 are disclosed. 
These transactions were carried out on terms normally prevailing in the market at the date of the transaction.

--- Page 218 ---
206 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
General 
The Issuer may issue and have outstanding from time to time up to US$6,000,000,000 principal amount in the 
aggregate of Notes under this Program. The minimum Specified Denomination of the Notes will be Euro 100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than the Euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such higher amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency.  The Notes will have the terms described below, including, as described below, 
the terms specified in the Final Terms of the applicable Series of Notes, except that references below to interest payments 
and interest-related information do not apply to certain Original Issue Discount Notes (as defined in “Taxation”).   
The Notes are to be issued under a Fiscal and Paying Agency Agreement (as further amended and supplemented 
from time to time, the “Fiscal Agency Agreement”) among the Issuer, acting directly or through its Miami branch, Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch, as fiscal agent, paying agent (in such capacities, the “Fiscal and Paying Agent”), registrar and transfer 
agent, and Citibank, N.A., London Branch, as calculation agent, in registered or bearer form as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  The following description of certain provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement is subject to, and qualified in 
its entirety by reference to, all the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement, including the definitions therein of certain 
terms. 
The Issuer may, from time to time, re-open one or more Series and issue Additional Notes (as defined below) with 
the same terms (including maturity and interest payment terms but excluding original issue date and public offering price) as 
Notes issued on an earlier date; provided that a Series of Notes may not comprise both Notes in bearer form and Notes in 
registered form. After such Additional Notes are issued they will be fungible with the previously issued Notes to the extent 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (except that any such Additional Notes offered and sold in compliance with Regulation 
S will have temporary CUSIP, ISIN and Common Code numbers during a 40-day distribution compliance period commencing 
on the date of issuance of such Additional Notes), provided further that if the Additional Notes are not fungible with the 
earlier Notes for United States federal income tax purposes, the Additional Notes will have a separate CUSIP number.  Each 
such Series may contain one or more Tranches having identical terms, including the original issue date and the public offering 
price; provided that a Tranche of Notes may not comprise both Notes in bearer form and Notes in registered form. 
Each Note will be unsecured and will be either a senior or a subordinated debt obligation.  Notes which are senior 
debt obligations will rank equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer thereof.  Notes which 
are subordinated debt obligations will rank junior in right of payment to all senior indebtedness as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, which will set forth the precise terms of such subordination. Notes which are subordinated debt obligations will 
rank junior in right of payment to all senior indebtedness as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which will set forth the 
precise terms of such subordination. 
The Final Terms relating to a Tranche of Notes issued by the Issuer will describe the following terms: (i) the currency 
or composite currency in which the Notes of such Tranche will be denominated (each such currency or composite currency, 
a “Specified Currency”) and, if other than the Specified Currency, the currency or composite currency in which payments 
on the Notes of such Series will be made (and, if the Specified Currency or currency or composite currency of payment is 
other than U.S. Dollars, certain other terms relating to such Notes (a “Foreign Currency Note”) and such Specified Currency 
or such currency or composite currency of payment); (ii) whether such Notes are Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes 
(including whether such Notes are Regular Floating Rate Notes, Floating Rate/Fixed Rate Notes or Inverse Floating Rate 
Notes, each as defined below); (iii) the price at which such Notes will be issued (the “Issue Price”); (iv) the date on which 
such Notes will be issued (the “Original Issue Date”); (v) the date on which such Notes will mature; (vi) whether such notes 
are senior or subordinated and, if subordinated, the terms of the subordination; (vii) if such Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, the 
rate per annum at which such Notes will bear interest, if any; (viii) if such Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the base rate (the 
“Base Rate”), the initial interest rate (the “Initial Interest Rate”), the minimum interest rate (the “Minimum Interest Rate”) 
(provided that if no Minimum Interest Rate is specified or if indicated that the Minimum Interest Rate is “not applicable,” the 
Minimum Interest Rate shall be zero), the maximum interest rate (the “Maximum Interest Rate”), the Interest Payment 
Dates, the period to maturity of the instrument, obligation or index with respect to which the Calculation Agent will calculate 
the interest rate basis or bases (the “Index Maturity”), the Spread and/or Spread Multiplier (all as defined below), if any and 
any other terms relating to the particular method of calculating the interest rate for such Notes; (ix) if such Notes are Indexed 
Notes, the terms relating to the particular Notes; (x) if such Notes are Dual Currency Notes (as defined below), the terms 
relating to the particular Notes; (xi) if such Notes are Amortizing Notes (as defined below), the amortization schedule and 
any other terms relating to the particular Notes; (xii) whether such Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, or 
repaid at the option of the holder, prior to its stated maturity as described under “Optional Redemption” and “Repayment at

--- Page 219 ---
207 
the Noteholders’ Option; Repurchase” below and, if so, the provisions relating to such redemption or repayment, including, 
in the case of any Original Issue Discount Notes, the information necessary to determine the amount due upon redemption or 
repayment; (xiii) any relevant tax consequences associated with the terms of the Notes which have not been described under 
“Taxation—United States Federal Income Taxation” below; (xiv) if such Notes are Additional Notes, a description of the 
original issue date and aggregate principal amount of the prior Tranche of Notes having terms (other than the original issue 
date and public offering price) identical to such Additional Notes; and (xv) any other terms of such Notes not inconsistent 
with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement.  In addition, each Final Terms with respect to a Tranche of Notes will 
identify the Dealer(s) participating in the distribution of such Notes.  See “Plan of Distribution.” Each Final Terms relating 
to Notes will be in, or substantially in, the relevant forms included under “Form of Final Terms” below. 
If any Notes are to be issued as Foreign Currency Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify the currency or 
currencies, which may be composite currencies, in which the purchase price of such Notes are to be paid by the purchaser, 
and the currency or currencies, which may be composite currencies, in which the principal at maturity or earlier redemption, 
premium, if any, and interest, if any, with respect to such Notes may be paid, if applicable, along with any other terms relating 
to the non-U.S. Dollar denomination.  See “Special Provisions Relating to Foreign Currency Notes.” 
Subject to such additional restrictions as are described under “Special Provisions Relating to Foreign Currency 
Notes,” Notes of each Tranche will mature on a day specified in the applicable Final Terms, as selected by the initial purchaser 
and agreed to by the Issuer.  In the event that such maturity date of any Notes or any date fixed for redemption or repayment 
of any Notes (collectively, the “Maturity Date”) is not a Business Day (as defined below), principal and interest payable at 
maturity or upon such redemption or repayment will be paid on the next succeeding Business Day with the same effect as if 
such Business Day were the Maturity Date.  No interest shall accrue for the period from and after the Maturity Date to such 
next succeeding Business Day.  Except as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms and except for Indexed Notes, all 
Notes will mature at par. 
In the case of Fixed Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify the yield as of the Original Issue Date.  The 
yield is calculated at the Original Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future yield. 
“Business Day” means, unless otherwise specified herein and in the applicable Final Terms, any day other than a 
Saturday or Sunday or any other day on which banking institutions are generally authorized or obligated by law or regulation 
to close in (i) the principal financial center of the country in which the Issuer is incorporated, (ii) the principal financial center 
of the country of the currency in which the Notes are denominated (if the Note is denominated in a Specified Currency other 
than Euro) and (iii) any additional financial center specified in the applicable Final Terms (as the case may be); provided, 
however, that with respect to Notes denominated in Euro, such day is a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System is open. 
Forms of Notes 
Bearer Notes 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, Notes of each Tranche will be in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) and will 
initially be represented by one or more temporary global Notes or permanent global Notes, without interest coupons attached 
and, in the case of definitive Notes, will be serially numbered and will: 
(i) 
if any such global Note is intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be 
delivered to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. as operator 
of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”) (each an “ICSD” and together the “ICSDs”); 
(a) 
records of the ICSDs.  The principal amount and/or number of each Note represented by the global 
Note shall be the amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs, provided, 
however, that the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by a global Note shall be as set 
forth on the face of such note.  The records of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that 
each ICSD holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer’s interest in the 
Notes) shall be conclusive evidence of the principal amount and/or number of each Note 
represented by the global Note and, for these purposes, a statement (which statement shall be made 
available to the bearer upon request) issued by an ICSD stating the principal amount and/or 
number of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time;

--- Page 220 ---
208 
(b) 
on any redemption or payment of an installment or interest being made in respect of, or purchase 
and cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by such global Note the Issuer shall procure that 
details of any redemption, payment, or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) in respect 
of the global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the principal amount and/or number of the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs 
and represented by the global Note shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount and/or 
number of the Notes so redeemed or purchased and cancelled or by the aggregate amount of such 
installment so paid; and 
(ii) 
if any such global Note is to be issued in classic global note form (“CGN”), be delivered to a common 
depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
recognized or agreed clearing system. 
Bearer Notes in definitive form will be issued with coupons attached.  Except as set out below, title to Bearer Notes 
and any coupons will pass by delivery.  The Issuer, the Fiscal and Paying Agent and any paying agent  may deem and treat 
the bearer of any Bearer Note or coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding sentence.  For so long as any of the Notes are 
represented by a global Note, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount of Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes except in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Fiscal 
and Paying Agent and any paying agent as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, the right to which shall be vested, as against the Issuer, the Fiscal 
and Paying Agent and any paying agent solely in the bearer of the relevant global Note in accordance with and subject to its 
terms (and the expressions “Noteholder” and “Holder of Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly).  
Notes which are represented by a global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the 
time being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References herein to “Bearer Notes” shall, except where otherwise indicated, include interests in a temporary or 
permanent global Note as well as definitive Notes and any coupons attached thereto. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether (i) United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form as such rules for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended) (the “TEFRA C Rules”), (ii) United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor 
rules in substantially the same form as such rules for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) or (iii) if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days (including unilateral 
rights to rollover or extend), neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules, are applicable to the Notes.  If so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, in the case of a Bearer Note to which the TEFRA D Rules have not been specified to apply, 
the Bearer Notes may be represented upon issue by one or more permanent global Notes. 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than 365 days (including unilateral rights to rollover or extend) and 
interest coupons pertaining to such Note, if any, will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 
165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.” 
In general, Bearer Notes that are subject to the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to United States persons.  In particular, if the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
TEFRA D Rules apply, the Bearer Notes may not be delivered, offered, sold or resold, directly or indirectly, in connection 
with their original issuance or during the Restricted Period (as defined below), in the United States (as defined below) or to 
or for the account of any United States person (as defined below), other than to certain persons as provided under United 
States Treasury Regulations.  An offer or sale will be considered to be made to a person within the United States if the offeror 
or seller has an address within the United States for the offeree or purchaser with respect to the offer or sale.  In addition, any 
underwriters, agents and dealers will represent that they have procedures reasonably designed to ensure that their employees 
or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer Notes are aware of the restrictions on the offering, sale, resale or delivery 
of Bearer Notes. 
As used herein, “United States” means the United States (including the States and the District of Columbia), its 
territories and its possessions.  “United States person” means (i) a citizen or individual resident of the United States, (ii) a

--- Page 221 ---
209 
corporation, partnership or other entity created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the 
District of Columbia or (iii) an estate or a trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of 
its source.  “Restricted Period” with respect to each Tranche of Notes means the period which begins on the earlier of the 
settlement date (or the date on which the Issuer receives the proceeds of the sale of Bearer Notes of such Tranche), or the first 
date on which the Bearer Notes of such Tranche are offered to persons other than the Dealers, and which ends 40 days after 
the settlement date (or the date on which the Issuer receives the proceeds of the sale of such Bearer Notes); provided that with 
respect to a Bearer Note held as part of an unsold allotment or subscription, any offer or sale of such Bearer Note by the 
Issuer or any Dealer shall be deemed to be during the Restricted Period.  An “Ownership Certificate” is a certificate (in a 
form to be provided), signed or sent by the beneficial owner of the relevant Bearer Note or by a financial institution or clearing 
organization through which the beneficial owner holds the Bearer Note providing certification that the beneficial owner is 
not a United States person or person who has purchased for resale to any United States person as required by United States 
Treasury Regulations. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Bearer Note will be represented initially by a 
temporary global Note, without interest coupons which will (a) if the temporary global Note is intended to be issued in NGN 
form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the Original Issue Date of the Tranche of Notes to a 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) if the temporary global Note is to be issued in CGN 
form, be delivered on or prior to the Original Issue Date of the Tranche of Notes to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other recognized or agreed clearing system in the case of a temporary global Note issued 
in CGN form.  Upon deposit of each such temporary global Note, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, will credit each subscriber with a principal amount of Notes equal to the principal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid.  The interests of the beneficial owner or owners in a temporary global Note will be exchangeable after 
the expiration of the Restricted Period (the “Exchange Date”) for an interest in a permanent global Note which will (a) if the 
permanent global Note is intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered to a 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or (b) if the permanent global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form, be delivered to a Common Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, for credit to the 
account designated by or on behalf of the beneficial owner thereof, or for definitive Bearer Notes or definitive Registered 
Notes, as provided in the applicable Final Terms; provided, however, that such exchange will be made only upon receipt of 
Ownership Certificates in the case of Bearer Notes to which the TEFRA D Rules have been specified to apply. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in the case of a Bearer Note to which the TEFRA D Rules have not 
been specified to apply, the Bearer Notes may be represented upon issue by one or more permanent global Notes. 
Registered Notes 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, Notes of each Tranche will be Registered Notes.  The Registered Notes 
of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United 
States, will be represented by a Regulation S Global Note.  Prior to expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined 
in Regulation S) applicable to each Tranche of Notes, beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may not be offered 
or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and such Regulation S Global Note will bear a legend regarding such 
restrictions on transfer. 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche may only be offered and sold in the United States or to U.S. persons in private 
transactions to QIBs.  The Registered Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a Rule 144A Global Note. 
Registered Global Notes will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of DTC, (ii) be deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (and in either case the “Register”).  Persons holding 
beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances 
described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
The Rule 144A Global Note will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend 
regarding such restrictions. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will be made to the 
person shown on the Register as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, any paying agent 
or any Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries 
made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

--- Page 222 ---
210 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will be 
made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined below) immediately preceding the due 
date for payment in the manner provided in that paragraph. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Registered Notes without interest coupons, receipts or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For 
these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) in the case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either 
DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depositary for the Notes and no alternative 
clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, (ii) in the 
case of Notes registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, the 
Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of fourteen days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention to 
permanently cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iii) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented 
by the Registered Global Note in definitive form. 
In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, DTC, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on 
the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice 
to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than ten days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Exchange and Transfer of Notes 
A temporary global Note will be exchangeable in whole but not in part for definitive Bearer Notes (i) if Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system, as applicable, has informed the Issuer that it has or 
they have, as the case may be, ceased or will cease to act as the clearing system(s) in respect of the relevant temporary global 
Note or, (ii) if required by applicable law; but only, in each case, in the case of Bearer Notes to which the TEFRA D Rules 
have been specified to apply, on or after the Exchange Date and upon delivery of Ownership Certificates.  No definitive 
Bearer Note will be delivered in or to the United States or to a United States person, except as specifically provided by 
applicable United States Treasury Regulations.  In the event that the relevant temporary global Note is not, in the case of (i) 
or (ii) above, duly exchanged for definitive Bearer Notes then the terms of such temporary global Note provide for relevant 
account holders with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other agreed clearing system, as applicable, to be able 
to enforce against the Issuer all rights which they would have had if they had been holding definitive Bearer Notes of the 
relevant value at the time of such event.  Payments by the Issuer to the relevant account holders will be considered as payments 
to the relevant Noteholder and operate as full and final discharge to the Issuer in this respect. 
A permanent global Note will be exchangeable in whole but not in part for definitive Bearer Notes if Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other agreed clearing system, as applicable, has informed the Issuer that it has or 
they have, as the case may be, ceased or will cease to act as the clearing system(s) in respect of the relevant permanent global 
Note.  In order to make such request the holder must, not less than 45 days before the date on which delivery of definitive 
Bearer Notes is required, deposit the relevant permanent global Note with the Fiscal and Paying Agent at its specified office.  
No definitive Bearer Note will be delivered in or to the United States or to a United States person, except as specifically 
provided by applicable United States Treasury Regulations.  In the event that the relevant permanent global Note is not, in 
the case of (i) or (ii) above, duly exchanged for definitive Bearer Notes then the terms of such permanent global Note provide 
for relevant account holders with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other agreed clearing system as applicable, 
to be able to enforce against the Issuer all rights which they would have had if they had been holding definitive Bearer Notes 
of the relevant value at the time of such event.  Payments by the Issuer to the relevant account holders will be considered as 
payments to the relevant Noteholder and operate as full and final discharge to the Issuer in this respect. 
Registered Global Notes exchangeable for definitive Notes at the option of the Noteholders in circumstances other 
than in the limited circumstances, shall be tradeable only in principal amounts of at least the Specified Denomination (or if 
more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination). 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, and subject to the terms of the Fiscal Agency Agreement, definitive Bearer 
Notes (along with all unmatured coupons, and all matured coupons, if any, in default) will be exchangeable at the option of 
the holder into Registered Notes of any authorized denominations of like tenor and in an equal aggregate principal amount, 
in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement at the office of the Registrar or at the office of any Transfer 
Agent outside the United States designated by the Issuer for such purpose.  Definitive Bearer Notes surrendered in exchange

--- Page 223 ---
211 
for Registered Notes after the close of business at any such office (i) on or after any record date for the payment of interest 
(a “Regular Record Date”) on a Registered Note on an Interest Payment Date and before the close of business at such office 
on the date prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or (ii) on or after any record date to be established for the payment of 
defaulted interest on a Registered Note (“Special Record Date”) and before the opening of business at such office on the 
related proposed date for payment of defaulted interest, shall be surrendered without the coupon relating to such date for 
payment of interest.  Definitive Bearer Notes will be exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes in other authorized 
denominations, in an equal aggregate principal amount, in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
at the specified office of the Fiscal and Paying Agent. 
Registered Notes will be exchangeable for Registered Notes in other authorized denominations, in an equal 
aggregate principal amount upon surrender of any such Notes to be exchanged at the offices of the Registrar or any transfer 
agent designated by the Issuer for such purpose.  Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes.  Registered 
Notes may be presented for registration of transfer at the offices of the Registrar or any transfer agent designated by the Issuer 
and for such purpose.  No service charge will be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes but the Issuer 
may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any transfer taxes payable in connection therewith.  Except as described 
above, Bearer Notes and any coupons appertaining thereto will be transferable by delivery.  See “Forms of Notes—Bearer 
Notes.” 
The Issuer shall not be required (i) to register the transfer of or exchange Notes to be redeemed for a period of fifteen 
calendar days preceding the first publication of the relevant notice of redemption, or if Registered Notes are outstanding and 
there is no publication, the mailing of the relevant notice of redemption, (ii) to register the transfer of or exchange any 
Registered Note selected for redemption or surrendered for optional repayment, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed 
or unpaid portion of any such Registered Note being redeemed or repaid, as the case may be, in part, (iii) to exchange any 
Bearer Note selected for redemption or surrendered for optional repayment, except that such Bearer Note may be exchanged 
for a Registered Note of like tenor, provided that such Registered Note shall be simultaneously surrendered for redemption 
or repayment, as the case may be, or (iv) to register transfer of or exchange any Notes surrendered for optional repayment, in 
whole or in part. 
Payments and Paying Agents 
Principal and premium, if any, and interest, if any, payable on a Bearer Note represented by a temporary global Note 
or any portion thereof in respect of an Interest Payment Date will be paid in the Specified Currency (unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) by the relevant Paying Agent to each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, with respect to that portion of such temporary global Note held for its account (upon presentation to the Paying Agent 
of the temporary global Note, if the temporary global Note is not issued in NGN form) and, in the case of a Note to which 
the TEFRA D Rules have been specified to apply, upon delivery of an Ownership Certificate signed by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, dated no earlier than such Interest Payment Date, which certificate must be 
based on Ownership Certificates provided to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, by its member 
organizations.  Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will in such circumstances credit any 
principal and interest received by it in respect of such temporary global Note or any portion thereof to the accounts of the 
beneficial owners thereof. 
Principal and premium, if any, and interest, if any, payable on a Bearer Note represented by a permanent global Note 
in respect of an Interest Payment Date will be paid in the Specified Currency (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) by the relevant Paying Agent to each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, with 
respect to that portion of such permanent global Note held for its account (upon presentation to the Paying Agent of the 
permanent global Note if the permanent global Note is not issued in NGN form).  Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will in such circumstances credit any principal and interest received by it in respect of such permanent global 
Note to the respective accounts of the beneficial owners of such permanent global Note at maturity, redemption or repayment 
or on such Interest Payment Date, as the case may be.  If a Registered Note is issued in exchange for a permanent global Note 
after the close of business at the office or agency where such exchange occurs (a) on or after any Regular Record Date and 
before the opening of business at such office or agency on the relevant Interest Payment Date, or (b) on or after any Special 
Record Date and before the opening of business at such office or agency on the related proposed date for payment of defaulted 
interest, any interest or defaulted interest, as the case may be, will not be payable on such Interest Payment Date or proposed 
date for payment, as the case may be, in respect of such Registered Note, but will be payable on such Interest Payment Date 
or proposed date for payment, as the case may be, only to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will in such circumstances credit any such interest to the account of the beneficial owner of such 
permanent global Note on such Regular Record Date or Special Record Date, as the case may be.  Payment of principal and 
of premium, if any, and any interest due at maturity, redemption or repayment (in the event, with respect to payment of

--- Page 224 ---
212 
interest, that any such maturity date or redemption or repayment date is other than an Interest Payment Date) in respect of 
any permanent global Note will be made to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in immediately available funds. 
Payments of principal and of premium, if any, and interest on definitive Bearer Notes will be made in immediately 
available funds in the Specified Currency (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms), subject to any applicable 
laws and regulations, only against presentation and surrender of such Note and any coupons at the specified office of the 
Fiscal and Paying Agent or, at the option of the holder, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account 
maintained by the payee with a bank located outside the United States if appropriate wire instructions have been received by 
the Fiscal and Paying Agent not less than 10 calendar days prior to an applicable payment date.  No payment with respect to 
any Bearer Note will be made at any office or agency of the Issuer in the United States or by wire transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank located in the United States, except as may be permitted under United States federal tax laws and 
regulations then in effect.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments of principal and of premium, if any, and interest on 
Bearer Notes denominated and payable in U.S. Dollars will be made at the office of the paying agent of the Issuer, in the 
Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, if and only if (i) payment of the full amount thereof in U.S. Dollars at all 
offices or agencies outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions and (ii) such paying agent in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, under applicable law and 
regulations, would be able to make such payment. 
Payment of principal and of premium, if any, and interest on Registered Notes at maturity or upon redemption or 
repayment will be made in immediately available funds in the Specified Currency (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) against presentation of such Note at the office of the relevant Paying Agent.  Payment of interest on Registered 
Notes will be made to the person in whose name such Note is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date 
next preceding the Interest Payment Date by wire transfer to an account selected by the person entitled thereto if appropriate 
wire instructions have been received by the relevant Paying Agent not less than 10 calendar days prior to the applicable 
payment date; provided, however, that (i) if the Issuer fails to pay such interest on such Interest Payment Date, such defaulted 
interest will be paid to the person in whose name such Note is registered at the close of business on the Special Record Date 
and (ii) interest payable at maturity, redemption or repayment will be payable to the person to whom principal shall be 
payable.  The first payment of interest on any Registered Note originally issued between a Regular Record Date and an 
Interest Payment Date will be made on the Interest Payment Date following the next succeeding Regular Record Date to the 
registered owner on such next Regular Record Date.  Interest rates and interest rate formulae are subject to change by the 
Issuer from time to time but no such change will affect any Note theretofore issued.  Unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Payment Dates and the Regular Record Dates for Fixed Rate Notes shall be as described 
below under “Fixed Rate Notes.” The Interest Payment Dates for Floating Rate Notes shall be as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms and in such Note, and, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Regular Record Date for a 
Registered Floating Rate Note will be the calendar day (whether or not a Business Day) next preceding each Interest Payment 
Date. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes will, in the absence of 
provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register on the relevant Record Date as the registered holder 
of the Registered Notes.  None of the Issuer, any paying agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Notes or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  Payments in respect of 
Registered Notes represented by Registered Global Notes shall be made to the person shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the first Business Day prior to the Entitlement date (the “Record Date”).  For definitive Notes, the Record Date 
shall be considered as the close of business on the fifteenth Business Day before the Entitlement date. 
Pursuant to the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Issuer has initially designated Citibank, N.A., London Branch as its 
Paying Agent. So long as any Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on or by any stock exchange, competent authority 
and/or market, there will at all times be a paying agent with a specified office in each location required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange(s), competent authority(ies) and/or market(s). So long as any Notes are listed 
and/or admitted to trading on or by any stock exchange, competent authority and/or market and the rules of such exchange, 
competent authority and/or market so require, the Issuer will notify the holders of its Notes in the manner specified under 
“Notices” below in the event that the Issuer appoints a paying agent with respect to such Notes other than the Paying Agent 
designated as such in this Prospectus or in the applicable Final Terms.  
All moneys paid by the Issuer to any paying agent for the payment of any amounts payable on any Notes which 
remain unclaimed at the end of three years after such amounts shall have become due and payable shall be repaid to the Issuer 
and the holders of the Notes shall thereafter look only to the Issuer for payment.  The Notes shall become void unless presented

--- Page 225 ---
213 
for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant 
Date therefor. 
“Entitlement” is defined to include any distribution of cash or securities, being the payment due date, as determined 
by the issue specific terms, for cash or the settlement date for securities. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of moneys 
payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal and Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, 
the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the holders of the Notes as 
described under “Notices” below. 
Payments – Renminbi Notes 
This Section (Payments – Renminbi Notes) shall apply to all Renminbi Notes.  
(a) 
Payments of USD Equivalent: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-
transferability or Illiquidity, the Issuer is not able, or it would be impracticable for it, to satisfy payments 
of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of the Renminbi Notes when due in Renminbi to an 
account maintained in Hong Kong, the Issuer may, on giving not less than eight Business Days or more 
than 30 Business Days’ irrevocable notice to the holders prior to the due date for payment, settle any such 
payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on the due date at the USD Equivalent of any such Renminbi 
denominated amount.  
(b) 
Payments of the USD Equivalent of the relevant Renminbi amount, determined in accordance with this 
Section, will be made by credit or transfer to a U.S. dollar account (or any other account to which U.S. 
dollars may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee, provided, however, that no payment will be 
made by transfer to an account in the United States.  
(c) 
For the purpose of this Section (Payments – Renminbi Notes):  
“CNY Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the determination of the 
Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“CNY Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the CNY exchange 
market in Hong Kong.  
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), 
court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the 
regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong.  
“Illiquidity” means the general CNY exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result of which the 
Issuer cannot obtain sufficient CNY in order to satisfy its obligation to pay interest and principal (in whole or in part) in 
respect of the Notes as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation 
with two CNY Dealers.  
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert any amount 
due in respect of the Notes in the general CNY exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due 
solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted after July 25, 2016 and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, 
to comply with such law, rule or regulation).  
“Non-transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to deliver CNY 
between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong or from an 
account outside Hong Kong to an account inside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure 
of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after July 25, 2016 and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation).

--- Page 226 ---
214 
“PRC” means the People’s Republic of China which, for the purpose of this Section, shall exclude Hong Kong, the 
Macau Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China and Taiwan. 
“Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in London, Hong Kong and New 
York City.  
“Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is three Rate Calculation Business Days before the due date of the 
relevant amount under this Section.  
“Renminbi”, “RMB” or “CNY” means the official currency of the PRC.  
“Spot Rate” means, for a Rate Calculation Date, the spot CNY/USD exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. dollars 
with Renminbi, for settlement in two Business Days, in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, as 
determined by the CNY Calculation Agent at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on a deliverable basis by reference to 
Reuters Screen Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen 
Page TRADNDF.  If neither rate is available, the CNY Calculation Agent will determine the spot rate at or around 11:00 a.m. 
(Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/USD official fixing rate for settlement 
on the due date for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the 
Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC.  Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the 
Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose 
of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate.  
“USD Equivalent” means the Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot Rate for the relevant 
Rate Calculation Date.  
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Section (Payments – Renminbi Notes) by the CNY Calculation 
Agent, will (in the absence of fraud, gross negligence or willful default) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all holders 
of Notes. 
Registrar, Transfer Agent, Calculation Agent and Authenticating Agent 
Pursuant to the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Issuer has initially designated Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
Registrar and Transfer Agent in respect of the Notes.  For so long as any Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on or by 
any stock exchange, competent authority and/or market, the Issuer will maintain a transfer agent with a specified office in 
each location required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange, competent authority and/or market.  Any 
initial designation by the Issuer of the Registrar or a Transfer Agent may be rescinded at any time.  The Issuer may at any 
time designate additional Transfer Agents with respect to the Notes.  So long as any Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading 
on or by any stock exchange, competent authority and/or market and the rules of such exchange, competent authority and/or 
market so require, the Issuer will notify the holders of its Notes in the manner specified under “Notices” below in the event 
that the Issuer appoints a Registrar or Transfer Agent with respect to such Notes other than the Registrar and Transfer Agents 
designated as such in this Prospectus or in the applicable Final Terms. 
Pursuant to the Fiscal Agency Agreement and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
has also initially designated Citibank, N.A., London Branch as calculation agent in respect of the Notes (in such capacity and 
including any successor calculation agent appointed thereunder, the “Calculation Agent”), and as authenticating agent in 
respect of the Notes. 
Optional Redemption 
Each applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Tranche of Notes of a Series cannot be redeemed 
prior to maturity (other than as provided under “Redemption Prior to Maturity Solely for Taxation Reasons” below) or that 
the Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer, and such Final Terms shall specify the price at which such Notes are 
to be redeemed (which price shall in no event be less than 100% of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes to be 
redeemed), including, but not limited to, any USD Make Whole Amount or Non-USD Make Whole Amount, in each case as 
defined below (the “Optional Redemption Price”) and the relevant date upon which such Notes will be so redeemed (each 
such date, an “Issuer Optional Redemption Date”); provided, however, that Notes denominated in currencies other than 
U.S. Dollars may be subject to different restrictions on redemption as set forth under “Special Provisions Relating to Foreign

--- Page 227 ---
215 
Currency Notes—Minimum Denominations, Restrictions on Maturities, Repayment and Redemption” herein.  Notice of any 
redemption to holders of Bearer Notes shall be published as described under “Notices” below once in each of three successive 
calendar weeks, the first publication to be not less than 30 nor more than 60 calendar days prior to the Issuer Optional 
Redemption Date.  Notice of any redemption to holders of Registered Notes shall be provided as described under “Notices” 
below at least 10 and not more than 60 calendar days prior to the Issuer Optional Redemption Date. 
Optional Redemption by Issuer in Foreign Currency 
The “Non-USD Make Whole Amount” per Note shall be an amount equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal 
amount of the Notes and (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest 
thereon (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption date on a semiannual basis 
(assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Benchmark Yield plus an amount of basis points to be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, plus, in each case, accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption and any 
Additional Amounts payable with respect thereto.  The “Benchmark Yield” shall be the yield to maturity at the Redemption 
Calculation Date of a benchmark security selected by the Issuer with a constant maturity (as compiled and published in a 
publicly available source of market data selected by the Issuer) most nearly equal to the period from the Issuer Optional 
Redemption Date to the Maturity Date; provided, however, that if the period from the Issuer Optional Redemption Date to 
the Maturity Date is not equal to the constant maturity of such benchmark security for which a weekly average yield is given, 
the Benchmark Yield shall be obtained by a linear interpolation (calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the 
weekly average yields of such benchmark security for which such yields are given, except that if the period from the Issuer 
Optional Redemption Date to the Maturity Date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on such actually traded 
benchmark security adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.  “Redemption Calculation Date” means the 
sixth Business Day prior to the date on which the Notes are redeemed pursuant to this section. 
Optional Redemption by Issuer in USD 
The “USD Make Whole Amount” per Note shall be an amount equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal 
amount of the Notes and (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest 
thereon (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption date on a semiannual basis 
(assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate plus an amount of basis points to be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, plus, in each case, accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption and any 
Additional Amounts payable with respect thereto. 
On and after the redemption date, interest on the Notes or any portion of the Notes called for redemption will cease 
to accrue (unless the Issuer defaults in the payment of the redemption price and accrued interest).  On or before the redemption 
date, the Issuer will deposit with the relevant Paying Agent funds sufficient to pay the redemption price and accrued interest, 
through the redemption date, on the Notes subject to redemption.  If the redemption date falls after a record date but on or 
prior to the corresponding interest payment date, the Issuer will pay accrued interest to the holder of record on the 
corresponding record date, which may or may not be the person who will receive payment of the redemption price (which 
will exclude such accrued interest).  If less than all the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed that are not held 
through DTC will be selected by the relevant Paying Agent by lot pro rata, or by such other method as the relevant Paying 
Agent shall deem fair and appropriate, and the Notes to be redeemed that are held through DTC will be redeemed on a pro 
rata pass-through distribution of principal basis. 
“Comparable Treasury Issue” means the United States Treasury security or securities selected by an Independent 
Investment Banker as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed 
that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
“Comparable Treasury Price” means, with respect to any redemption date, (A) the average, as calculated by the 
Issuer, of the Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such 
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Issuer obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer 
Quotations, the average of all such quotations. 
“Independent Investment Banker” means one of the Reference Treasury Dealers appointed by the Issuer.  
“Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any 
redemption date, the average, as determined by the Issuer, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue

--- Page 228 ---
216 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Issuer by such Reference Treasury 
Dealer at 3:30 p.m. New York time on the third business day preceding such redemption date. 
“Treasury Rate” means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semiannual equivalent 
yield to maturity or interpolated (on a day count basis) of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable 
Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such 
redemption date. 
“Reference Treasury Dealer” means each of the Dealers specified in the applicable Final Terms, or their respective 
affiliates or successors which are primary U.S. government securities Dealers, and no less than two other leading primary 
U.S. government securities Dealers in the City of New York reasonably designated by the Issuer; provided, however, that if 
any of the foregoing or their affiliates shall cease to be a primary U.S. government securities dealer in the City of New York 
(a “Primary Treasury Dealer”), the Issuer shall substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer. 
Repurchase 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
Redemption Prior to Maturity Solely for Taxation Reasons 
The Issuer may at its election, subject to applicable Chilean law, redeem any Series of the Notes in whole, but not 
in part, upon giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the holders of the Notes of such Series, at their principal 
amount outstanding, plus Additional Amounts (as defined in “—Payment of Additional Amounts”), if any, together with 
accrued but unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption, if the Issuer certifies to the Fiscal and Paying Agent and any 
other relevant Paying Agent immediately prior to the giving of such notice that (A) the Issuer has or will become obligated 
to pay Additional Amounts with respect to such Series of Notes (in excess of the 4.0% withholding tax payable on payments 
of interest on such Series of Notes) as a result of any change in or amendment to the laws, regulations or rulings of a Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction (as defined below), or any change in the application, administration or official interpretation of such laws, 
regulations or rulings, or any execution of, or amendment to, any treaty or treaties affecting taxation to which a Relevant 
Taxing Jurisdiction is a party, which change or amendment occurs after the later of the date of issuance of such Series of 
Notes and the date a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction becomes a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction, and (B) the Issuer has determined 
in good faith that such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to the Issuer; provided, 
however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 60 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obligated to pay such Additional Amounts if a payment in respect of any such Series of Notes were then due.  For 
the avoidance of doubt, a reasonable measure shall not include changing the Issuer’s jurisdiction of organization or the 
location of its principal executive office or incurring any cost or expense that the Issuer deems in good faith to be material. 
Before giving notice of redemption, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal and Paying Agent and any other relevant 
Paying Agent an officers’ certificate stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption in accordance with the terms 
set forth in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and setting forth in reasonable detail a statement of the facts relating thereto.  The 
statement will be accompanied by a written opinion of counsel to the effect that the Issuer has become obligated to pay the 
Additional Amounts as a result of a change or amendment described above. 
Interest and Interest Rates 
General 
Each Note will bear interest at either: 
(a) 
a fixed rate; or  
(b) 
a floating rate determined by reference to an interest rate basis, which may be adjusted by a Spread and/or 
Spread Multiplier (as defined below).  Any Floating Rate Note may also have either or both of the 
following: 
(i) 
a maximum interest rate limitation, or ceiling, on the rate at which interest may accrue during any 
interest period; and

--- Page 229 ---
217 
(ii) 
a minimum interest rate limitation, or floor, on the rate at which interest may accrue during any 
interest period, provided that if no minimum interest rate is specified or if the Final Terms indicate 
that the minimum interest rate is “not applicable,” then the minimum interest rate shall be zero. 
The applicable Final Terms will designate: 
(a) 
a fixed rate per annum, in which case such Notes will be “Fixed Rate Notes”; or 
(b) 
one or more of the following interest rate bases as applicable to such Notes, in which case such Notes will 
be “Floating Rate Notes”: 
(i) 
the CD Rate, in which case such Notes will be “CD Rate Notes,” 
(ii) 
the Commercial Paper Rate, in which case such Notes will be “Commercial Paper Rate Notes”; 
(iii) 
the Federal Funds Rate, in which case such Notes will be “Federal Funds Rate Notes”; 
(iv) 
EURIBOR, in which case such Notes will be “EURIBOR Notes”; 
(v) 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean or SOFR Compound, in which case such Notes will be “SOFR Notes”; 
(vi) 
the Treasury Rate, in which case such Notes will be “Treasury Rate Notes”;  
(vii) 
the Prime Rate, in which case such Notes will be “Prime Rate Notes”; or 
(viii) 
such other interest rate basis or formula as is set forth in such Final Terms. 
Each Note will bear interest from its date of issue or from the most recent date to which interest on such Note has 
been paid or duly provided for, at the annual rate, or at a rate determined pursuant to an interest rate formula, stated herein.  
Interest will accrue on a Note until the principal thereof is paid or made available for payment. 
Interest will be payable on each Interest Payment Date and at maturity or on redemption or repayment, if any, except 
for: 
(a) 
certain Original Issue Discount Notes; and 
(b) 
Notes originally issued between a Regular Record Date and an Interest Payment Date. 
The first payment of interest on any Registered Note originally issued between a Regular Record Date and an Interest 
Payment Date will be made on the Interest Payment Date following the next succeeding Regular Record Date.  Such interest 
will be payable by the Issuer to the registered owner on such next Regular Record Date.  
Interest will be payable on a Registered Note on each Interest Payment Date to the person in whose name such Note 
is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date next preceding the Interest Payment Date; provided, however, 
that: 
(i) 
if the Issuer fails to pay such interest on such Interest Payment Date, such defaulted interest will 
be paid to the person in whose name such Registered Note is registered at the close of business on 
the record date to be established for the payment of defaulted interest; and 
(ii) 
interest payable at maturity, redemption or repayment will be payable to the person to whom 
principal shall be payable. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
for Fixed Rate Notes, the Interest Payment Dates and any Regular Record Dates shall be as described below 
under “Fixed Rate Notes”; and 
(b) 
for Floating Rate Notes:

--- Page 230 ---
218 
(i) 
the Interest Payment Dates shall be as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and in such Note; 
and 
(ii) 
any Regular Record Date will be the calendar day (whether or not a Business Day) next preceding 
each Interest Payment Date. 
“Spread” means the number of basis points expressed as a percentage (one basis point equals one-hundredth of a 
percentage point) that the Calculation Agent will add or subtract from the related Interest Rate Basis or Bases applicable to a 
Floating Rate Note. 
“Spread Multiplier” means the percentage of the related Interest Rate Basis or Bases applicable to a Floating Rate 
Note by which the Calculation Agent will multiply such Interest Rate Basis or Bases to determine the applicable interest rate 
on such Floating Rate Note. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
General.  Each Fixed Rate Note will bear interest at the annual rate specified in the Note and in the applicable Final 
Terms (the “Fixed Rate of Interest”).  Interest on the Fixed Rate Notes will be paid on the dates specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (each, a “Fixed Interest Payment Date”).  The Regular Record Dates for Fixed Rate Notes in registered form 
will be on the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In the event that any Fixed Interest Payment Date or Maturity 
Date for any Fixed Rate Note is not a Business Day, interest on such Fixed Rate Note will be paid on the next succeeding 
Business Day without additional interest.  If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period 
(as defined below), such interest shall be calculated by applying the Fixed Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination 
of the Notes of such Series, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards, or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Day Count Fraction.  Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms, “Fixed Day Count Fraction” 
means: 
(1) 
in the case of Notes denominated in a currency other than U.S. Dollars, “Actual/Actual (ICMA),” 
meaning: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) the most recent 
Fixed Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the interest commencement date (the “Interest Commencement 
Date”) (as specified in the applicable Final Terms)) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
“Calculation Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period (as defined below) during which 
the Calculation Period ends, the number of days in such Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of determination dates (each, a 
“Determination Date”) (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; 
or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(i) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which the 
Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
in the case of Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars “30/360,” meaning the number of days in the period from 
and including the most recent Fixed Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date (as specified in the

--- Page 231 ---
219 
applicable Final Terms)) to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months) divided by 360. 
Where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the next 
Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
or the final Fixed Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date 
prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) a Fixed Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms)) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Fixed Interest 
Payment Date. 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, means one cent. 
Floating Rate Notes 
General.  Floating Rate Notes generally will be issued as described below.  Each applicable Final Terms will specify 
the following terms with respect to which such Floating Rate Note is being delivered: 
(a) 
whether such Floating Rate Note is a Regular Floating Rate Note, a Floating Rate/Fixed Rate Note or an 
Inverse Floating Rate Note, each as defined below; 
(b) 
the Interest Rate Basis or Bases, Initial Interest Rate, Interest Reset Dates, Interest Reset Period, Regular 
Record Dates (if any) and Interest Payment Dates; 
(c) 
the Index Maturity; 
(d) 
the Spread and/or Spread Multiplier, if any; 
(e) 
the maximum interest rate and minimum interest rate, if any (provided that if no minimum interest rate is 
specified or if the Final Terms indicate that the minimum interest rate is “not applicable,” then the minimum 
interest rate shall be zero); and 
The Issuer may change the Spread, Spread Multiplier, Index Maturity and other variable terms of the Floating Rate 
Notes from time to time.  However, no such change will affect any Floating Rate Note previously issued or as to which an 
offer has been accepted by the Issuer. 
The interest rate in effect on each day shall be: 
(a) 
if such day is an Interest Reset Date, the interest rate determined on the Interest Determination Date 
immediately preceding such Interest Reset Date; or 
(b) 
if such day is not an Interest Reset Date, the interest rate determined on the Interest Determination Date 
immediately preceding the next preceding Interest Reset Date. 
Regular Floating Rate Note; Floating Rate/Fixed Rate Note; Inverse Floating Rate Note 
The Interest Rate Basis applicable to each Regular Floating Rate Note, Floating Rate/Fixed Rate Note and Inverse 
Floating Rate Note may be subject to a Spread or Spread Multiplier, provided that the interest rate on an Inverse Floating 
Rate Note will not be less than zero.

--- Page 232 ---
220 
Regular Floating Rate Note.  A Regular Floating Rate Note will bear interest at the rate determined by reference to 
the applicable Interest Rate Basis.  The rate at which interest shall be payable shall be reset as of each Interest Reset 
Date commencing on the Initial Interest Reset Date.  However: 
(a) 
the interest rate in effect for the period from the Original Issue Date to the Initial Interest Reset Date will 
be the Initial Interest Rate; and 
(b) 
the interest rate in effect for the ten calendar days immediately prior to a Maturity Date shall be that in 
effect on the tenth calendar day preceding such Maturity Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Floating Rate/Fixed Rate Note.  A Floating Rate/Fixed Rate Note will initially bear interest at the rate determined 
by reference to the applicable Interest Rate Basis.  The rate at which interest shall be payable shall be reset as of 
each Interest Reset Date commencing on the Initial Interest Reset Date.  However: 
(a) 
the interest rate in effect for the period from the Original Issue Date to the Initial Interest Reset Date will 
be the Initial Interest Rate; 
(b) 
the interest rate in effect for the 10 calendar days immediately prior to the fixed rate commencement date 
shall be that in effect on the tenth calendar day preceding the fixed rate commencement date, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the interest rate in effect commencing on, and including, the fixed rate commencement date to the Maturity 
Date shall be the Fixed Interest Rate, if such rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such 
Fixed Interest Rate is so specified and the Floating Rate/Fixed Rate Note is still outstanding on such day, 
the interest rate in effect thereon on the day immediately preceding the fixed rate commencement date. 
Inverse Floating Rate Note.  An Inverse Floating Rate Note will bear interest equal to the Fixed Interest Rate 
specified in the related Final Terms minus the rate determined by reference to the Interest Rate Basis.  The rate at 
which interest is payable shall be reset as of each Interest Reset Date commencing on the Initial Interest Reset Date.  
However: 
(a) 
the interest rate in effect for the period from the Original Issue Date to the Initial Interest Reset Date will 
be the Initial Interest Rate; and 
(b) 
the interest rate in effect for the ten calendar days immediately prior to a Maturity Date shall be that in 
effect on the tenth calendar day preceding such Maturity Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Interest Rate Bases 
Each Floating Rate Note will have one or more of the following interest rate bases, as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
the CD Rate; 
(b) 
the Commercial Paper Rate; 
(c) 
the Federal Funds Rate; 
(d) 
EURIBOR or a successor or replacement thereof; 
(e) 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean or SOFR Compound, or a successor or replacement thereof; 
(f) 
the Treasury Rate; 
(g) 
the Prime Rate;  
(h) 
the lowest of two or more Interest Rate Bases; or

--- Page 233 ---
221 
(i) 
such other rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Date of Interest Rate Change 
The interest rate on each Floating Rate Note may be reset daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly, semi-annually or 
annually, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (this period is the “Interest Reset Period” and the first day of each 
Interest Reset Period is the “Interest Reset Date”). 
If an Interest Reset Date for any Floating Rate Note falls on a day that is not a Business Day, it will be postponed to 
the following Business Day, except that if that Business Day is in the next calendar month, the Interest Reset Date will be the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
How Interest Is Calculated 
General.  Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will be the calculation 
agent for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. Floating Rate Notes will accrue interest from and including the original issue 
date or the last date to which the Issuer has paid or provided for interest, to but excluding the applicable Interest Payment 
Date, as described below, or the Maturity Date, as the case may be.  However, in the case of Registered Notes that are Floating 
Rate Notes on which the interest rate is reset daily or weekly, each interest payment will include interest accrued from and 
including the date of issue or from but excluding the last Regular Record Date on which, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, interest has been paid, through and including the Regular Record Date next preceding the applicable 
Interest Payment Date, and provided further that the interest payments on Floating Rate Notes made on the Maturity Date 
will include interest accrued to but excluding such Maturity Date. 
Day Count Fraction.  The amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on any Series of Floating Rate Notes 
shall be calculated with respect to each Specified Denomination of such Floating Rate Notes of such Series for the relevant 
Interest Reset Period.  Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the relevant Interest Rate Basis, Spread and/or 
Spread Multiplier to each Specified Denomination and multiplying such sum by the applicable Floating Day Count Fraction. 
“Floating Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of the Interest Amount for any Interest Reset 
Period:  
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Reset Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Reset Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Reset Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Reset 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Reset Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Reset 
Period divided by 360; 
(d) 
if “30/360,” “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Reset Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
 
0 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Reset Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Reset Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Reset Period falls;

--- Page 234 ---
222 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Reset Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Reset Period, unless such number is 
31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Reset Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(e) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Reset Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Reset Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Reset Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Reset Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Reset Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Reset Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Reset Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(f) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest Reset 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = [360 x (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 x (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Reset Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Interest 
Reset Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Reset Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Reset Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Reset Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Reset Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 235 ---
223 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction in respect of the calculation of the 
Interest Amount on any Floating Rate Note will (a) in the case of a Note denominated in U.S. Dollars be Actual/360 or (b) in 
the case of a Note denominated in any other Specified Currency, be Actual/Actual.  Notes for which the interest rate may be 
calculated with reference to two or more Interest Rate Bases will be calculated in each period by selecting one such Interest 
Rate Basis for such period.  For these calculations, the interest rate in effect on any Interest Reset Date will be the new reset 
rate. 
The Calculation Agent will round all percentages resulting from any calculation of the rate of interest on a Floating 
Rate Note, to the nearest 1/100,000 of 1% (0.0000001), with five one-millionths of a percentage point rounded upward (e.g., 
9.876545% (or 0.09876545) would be rounded to 9.87655% (or 0.0987655)) and the Calculation Agent will round all 
currency amounts used in or resulting from any calculation to the nearest one-hundredth of a unit (with 0.005 of a unit being 
rounded upward). 
The Calculation Agent will promptly, and no later than the fourth Business Day, notify the Fiscal Agent and the 
Issuer of each determination of the interest rate.  The Calculation Agent will also notify the relevant stock exchange, 
competent authority and/or market (in the case of Notes that are listed or admitted to trading on or by a stock exchange, 
competent authority and/or market) and the relevant paying agents of the interest rate, the interest amount, the interest period 
and the Interest Payment Date related to each Interest Reset Date as soon as such information is available, and no later than 
the first Business Day of the interest period.  The relevant paying agents will make such information available to the holders 
of Notes.  The Fiscal and Paying Agent will, upon the request of the holder of any Floating Rate Note, provide the interest 
rate then in effect and, if determined, the interest rate which will become effective as a result of a determination made with 
respect to the most recent Interest Determination Date relating to such Note. 
So long as any Notes are listed on or by any exchange, competent authority and/or market and the rules of such 
exchange(s), competent authority(ies) and/or market(s) so require, the Issuer shall maintain a calculation agent for the Notes, 
and the Issuer will notify the holders of its Notes in the manner specified under “Notices” below in the event that the Issuer 
appoints a calculation agent with respect to such Notes other than the Calculation Agent or the calculation agent designated 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
When Interest Is Paid 
The Issuer will pay interest on Floating Rate Notes on the dates specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Each such 
date upon which the Issuer is required to pay interest is an “Interest Payment Date.” The Issuer will also pay interest on the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes at the Maturity Date.  
If an Interest Payment Date (other than the Maturity Date) for a Floating Rate Note falls on a day that is not a 
Business Day, the Issuer will postpone payment of interest to the following Business Day at which time the Issuer will pay 
additional interest that has accrued up to but excluding such following Business Day, except that if that Business Day would 
fall in the next calendar month, the Interest Payment Date will be the immediately preceding Business Day. 
If the Maturity Date for a Floating Rate Note falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the Issuer will make the 
payment on the next Business Day, without additional interest. 
Date of Interest Rate Determination 
The interest rate for each Interest Reset Period commencing on the Interest Reset Date will be the rate determined 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date for such Interest Reset Date for the relevant type of Floating Rate Note, as set 
forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
Types of Floating Rate Notes 
CD Rate Notes 
Each CD Rate Note will bear interest at a specified rate that will be reset periodically based on the CD Rate and any 
Spread and/or Spread Multiplier. 
“CD Rate” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the rate on that Interest Determination Date for 
negotiable certificates of deposit having the specified Index Maturity as published in H.15(519) under the heading “CDs 
(secondary market).”

--- Page 236 ---
224 
The following procedures will apply if the rate cannot be set as described above: 
(a) 
If the rate is not published in H.15(519) prior to 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Interest 
Determination Date, then the CD Rate will be the rate for negotiable certificates of deposit having the 
specified Index Maturity as published in H.15 Daily Update, or such other recognized electronic source 
used for the purpose of displaying such rate, under the caption “CDs (secondary market).” 
(b) 
If the rate is not yet published in H.15(519), H.15 Daily Update or another recognized electronic source by 
3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Interest Determination Date, the CD Rate will be the average of the 
secondary market offered rates, as of 10:00 a.m., New York City time, of three leading non-bank dealers 
of negotiable U.S. Dollar certificates of deposit in The City of New York selected by the Issuer for 
negotiable certificates of deposit of major money market banks with a remaining maturity closest to the 
specified Index Maturity in a denomination of US$5,000,000. 
(c) 
If fewer than three dealers are providing quotes, the rate will be the same as the rate used in the prior interest 
period. 
“H.15(519)” means the publication entitled “Statistical Release H.15(519), Selected Interest Rates,” or any 
successor publication published by the Federal Reserve. 
“H.15 Daily Update” means the daily update of H.15(519), available through the web site of the Federal Reserve 
at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h15/update/default.htm, or any successor service. 
Commercial Paper Rate Notes 
Each Commercial Paper Rate Note will bear interest at a specified rate that will be reset periodically based on the 
Commercial Paper Rate and any Spread and/or Spread Multiplier. 
“Commercial Paper Rate” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the Money Market Yield of the 
rate on that Interest Determination Date for commercial paper having the specified Index Maturity as published in H.15 under 
the heading “Commercial Paper Nonfinancial.” 
“H.15” means the publication entitled “Statistical Release H.15, Selected Interest Rates,” or any successor 
publication published by the Board of Governors of the United States Federal Reserve System. 
“H.15 Daily Update” means the daily update of H.15, available through the world-wide-web site of the Board of 
Governors of the United States Federal Reserve System at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h15, or any successor 
service. 
The following procedures will apply if the rate cannot be set as described above: 
(a) 
If the rate is not published in H.15 prior to 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Interest Determination 
Date, then the Commercial Paper Rate will be the Money Market Yield of the rate for commercial paper 
having the specified Index Maturity as published in H.15 Daily Update, or such other recognized electronic 
source used for the purpose of displaying such rate, under the caption “Commercial Paper Nonfinancial.” 
(b) If the rate is not published in H.15, H.15 Daily Update or another recognized electronic source by 3:00 
p.m., New York City time, on the Interest Determination Date, the Commercial Paper Rate will be the 
Money Market Yield of the average for the offered rates, as of 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on that 
Interest Determination Date, of three leading dealers of commercial paper in The City of New York selected 
by the Issuer or its designee (which may be an affiliate of the Issuer) for commercial paper having the 
specified Index Maturity placed for an industrial issuer whose bond rating is “AA,” or the equivalent, by a 
nationally recognized rating agency. 
(c) 
If fewer than three dealers are providing quotes, the rate will be the same as the rate used in the prior interest 
period. 
“Money Market Yield” means a yield (expressed as a percentage) calculated in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 237 ---
225 
Money Market Yield 
= 
D x 360 
x 100 
 
360 – (D x M) 
 
where “D” refers to the applicable per annum rate for commercial paper quoted on a bank discount basis and expressed as a 
decimal, and “M” refers to the actual number of days in the period for which interest is being calculated. 
Federal Funds Rate Notes 
Each Federal Funds Rate Note will bear interest at a specified rate that will be reset periodically based on the Federal 
Funds Rate and any Spread and/or Spread Multiplier. 
“Federal Funds Rate” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, unless otherwise specified in any 
applicable Final Terms, the rate on specified dates for federal funds published in H.15 prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City 
time, under the heading “Federal Funds Effective,” as such rate is displayed on Reuters Screen FEDFUNDS1 Page (or any 
other pages as may replace such pages on such service). 
The following procedures will apply if the rate cannot be set as described above: 
(a) 
If the rate does not appear on Reuters Screen FEDFUNDS1 Page (or any other pages as may replace such 
pages on such service) or is not published in H.15 prior to 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the Interest 
Determination Date, then the Federal Funds Rate will be the rate on such Interest Determination Date 
published in H.15 Daily Update, or such other recognized electronic source used for the purpose of 
displaying such rate, under the caption “Federal Funds (Effective).” 
(b) 
If the rate does not appear on Reuters Screen FEDFUNDS1 Page (or any other pages as may replace such 
pages on such service) or is not published in H.15, H.15 Daily Update or another recognized electronic 
source by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Interest Determination Date, the Federal Funds Rate will 
be the average of the rates, as of 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on that Interest Determination Date, for 
the last transaction in overnight federal funds arranged by three leading brokers of federal funds transactions 
in The City of New York selected by the Issuer or its designee (which may be an affiliate of the Issuer). 
(c) 
If fewer than three brokers are providing quotes, the rate will be the same as the rate used in the prior 
interest period. 
EURIBOR Notes 
Each EURIBOR Note will bear interest at a specified rate that will be reset periodically based on EURIBOR and 
any Spread and/or Spread Multiplier. 
“EURIBOR” means the European Interbank Offered Rate and, with respect to each Interest Determination Date, 
the rate for deposits in Euro having the Index Maturity beginning on the relevant Interest Reset Date that appears on the 
Designated EURIBOR Page as of 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on that Interest Determination Date. 
The following procedures will apply if the rate cannot be set as described above: 
(a) 
If such rate does not appear on the Designated EURIBOR Page as of 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on the 
related Interest Determination Date, then the Issuer or its designee (which may be an affiliate of the Issuer) 
will request the principal offices of four major banks (one of which may be an affiliate of the Calculation 
Agent) in the Euro-zone selected by the Issuer or its designee and identified to the Calculation Agent, to 
provide such bank’s offered quotation to prime banks in the Euro-zone interbank market for deposits in 
Euro having the Index Maturity beginning on the relevant Interest Reset Date as of 11:00 a.m., Brussels 
time, on such Interest Determination Date and in a Representative Amount.  If at least two quotations are 
provided, EURIBOR for that date will be the average (if necessary rounded upwards) of the quotations. 
(b) 
If fewer than two quotations are provided, EURIBOR will be the average (if necessary rounded upwards) 
of the rates quoted by major banks (which may include an affiliate of the Calculation Agent) in the Euro-
zone, selected by the Issuer or its designee, at approximately 11:00 a.m., Brussels time, on the Interest

--- Page 238 ---
226 
Determination Date for loans in Euro to leading European banks for a period of time corresponding to the 
Index Maturity beginning on the relevant Interest Reset Date and in a Representative Amount. 
(c) 
If no rates are quoted by major banks, the rate will be the same as the rate used for the prior interest period. 
“Designated EURIBOR Page” means Capital Markets Report Screen EURIBOR01 of Reuters, or any other page 
as may replace such page on such service. 
Notwithstanding any other provision herein, if in the Calculation Agent’s opinion, or in the opinion of the other 
party responsible for the calculation of EURIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation, the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in writing as 
to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is not promptly provided with such 
direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof 
and the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall 
not incur any liability for not doing so. 
Notwithstanding any other provision herein, neither the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent 
shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer, in respect of any changes made which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent (as applicable), would have the effect of (i) exposing the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal 
Agent or the Paying Agent (as applicable) to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) increasing the obligations or duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, of the 
Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent or the Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Fiscal and Paying Agency Agreement and/or 
the term and conditions of the Notes. 
SOFR Notes  
Each SOFR Note will bear interest at a specified rate that will be reset periodically based on one of SOFR Arithmetic 
Mean or SOFR Compound, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or any applicable SOFR Replacement), in each case 
plus the Spread and/or Spread Multiplier (if any, as specified in the applicable Final Terms), subject to the SOFR Replacement 
Provisions specified below. 
If SOFR Arithmetic Mean (“SOFR Arithmetic Mean”) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
rate of interest for each interest period shall be based on the arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each day during the period, 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent, where the SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in 
the period from and including the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date. For these purposes, 
SOFR in respect of any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall, subject to the preceding 
provision, be deemed to be SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day. 
If SOFR Compound (“SOFR Compound”) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate of interest for each 
interest period shall be based on the value of the SOFR rates for each day during the period, compounded daily, as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent. Where not otherwise specified for in the applicable Final Terms, in calculating SOFR Compound 
the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be the fourth U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the Maturity Date or, if 
the Notes are to be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date, such earlier date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
In connection with the SOFR Compound definition above, one of the following formulas will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
“SOFR Compound with Lookback” 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant interest period;

--- Page 239 ---
227 
“d0” for any interest period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant interest 
period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant interest period; 
“Lookback Days” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i, means the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day i up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; 
“SOFRi-xUSBD” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i that is a SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR 
in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling a number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to that day i equal to the number of Lookback Days; provided, however that where a SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date applies, the SOFR with respect to any SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period from and including, the SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date of an interest period, will be the SOFR 
with respect to the SOFRi-xUSBD Interest Reset Date coinciding with the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such interest 
period; 
(b) 
 “SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift” 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i in the relevant Observation Period, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day i up to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each interest period, the period from, and including, the date that is a 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date 
in such interest period to, but excluding, the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
equal to the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such interest period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i in the relevant Observation Period, is equal to 
SOFR in respect of that day i. 
(c) 
“SOFR Compound with Payment Delay”

--- Page 240 ---
228 
 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0” for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Interest Accrual Periods” means each period from, and including, an Interest Accrual Period End Date (or in the 
case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the next Interest 
Accrual Period End Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects 
to redeem the notes prior to the Maturity Date, the Redemption Date); 
“Interest Accrual Period End Dates” shall have the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Dates” shall be the dates occurring the number of Business Days equal to the Interest Payment 
Delay following each Interest Accrual Period End Date; provided that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the 
final Interest Accrual Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the notes prior to the Maturity 
Date, the Redemption Date; 
“Interest Payment Delay” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Payment Determination Dates” shall be the Interest Accrual Period End Date at the end of each Interest 
Accrual Period; provided that the Interest Payment Determination Date with respect to the final Interest Accrual 
Period will be the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i, means the number of calendar days from, and including, 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day i up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day i that is a SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR in 
respect of this SOFR Interest Reset Date; provided, however that where a SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date applies, the 
SOFR with respect to any SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period from and including, the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date 
to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date of an interest period, will be the SOFR with respect to 
the SOFR Interest Reset Date coinciding with the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such interest period; 
(d) 
“SOFR Index with Observation Period Shift” 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
 
“SOFR Index” with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(1) the SOFR Index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”); provided that: 
 
(2) if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (1) above at the SOFR Determination Time, then:

--- Page 241 ---
229 
 
(i) if a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have not occurred with respect to 
SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to the “SOFR Index Unavailable” 
provisions; or 
(ii) if a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
SOFR, then Compounded SOFR shall be the rate determined pursuant to the “SOFR Replacement 
Provisions.”  
 
“SOFR IndexStart” means the SOFR Index value for the date that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date of the relevant interest period. 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means the SOFR Index value for the date that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such interest period. 
 
“dc” means the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to (but excluding) SOFR IndexEnd (the 
number of calendar days in the applicable Observation Period). 
 
“SOFR Administrator” means the FRBNY (or a successor administrator of  SOFR). 
 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the FRBNY, or any successor source. 
 
 “Observation Period” means in respect of each interest period, the period from, and including, the date two U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date in such interest period to, but excluding, the date two 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such interest period.  
 
In connection with the definition of SOFR Arithmetic Mean, and the SOFR Compound formulas described above, 
“SOFR” means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(a) 
the secured overnight financing rate for trades made on the Interest Determination Date corresponding to 
the related SOFR Interest Reset Date that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) (the 
“SOFR Determination Time”) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website on the immediately 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as such rate is reported on the Bloomberg Screen 
SOFRRATE Page for such SOFR Interest Reset Date or, if no such rate is reported on the Bloomberg 
Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the secured overnight financing rate that is reported on the Reuters Page 
USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the secured overnight 
financing rate that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York’s Website on such SOFR Interest Reset Date (the “SOFR Screen Page”); or 
(b) 
if the rate specified in (a) above does not so appear, and the Issuer determines that a SOFR Transition Event 
and its related SOFR Replacement Date have not occurred, the secured overnight financing rate published 
on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York’s Website for the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the secured overnight financing rate was published on the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York’s Website; and 
(c) 
if we determine on or prior to the relevant SOFR Reference Time, that a SOFR Transition Event and its 
related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the relevant reference rate, then the 
provisions set forth in “SOFR Replacement Provisions” below will thereafter apply to all determinations 
of the interest rate on the Notes for each interest period during the floating rate period. 
In connection with the SOFR provisions above, the following definitions apply: 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg screen designated “SOFRRATE” or any successor 
page or service. 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated “USDSOFR=” or any successor page or service.

--- Page 242 ---
230 
“SOFR Interest Reset Date” means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant interest period 
or observation period, as the case may be. 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means, if applicable, the date that is the specified U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, or such other date as is specified in the applicable Final Terms, prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
relevant interest period or such other date specified in the applicable Final Terms; for the avoidance of doubt, the SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date can be zero or none, in which case no SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date is applicable. 
“SOFR Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the SOFR Benchmark means (1) if the SOFR 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the SOFR Benchmark is not Compounded 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee, after consulting with the Issuer and giving effect to the SOFR 
Replacement Conforming Changes.  
 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, If the Issuer, in its sole 
discretion, its designee (which may be an affiliate of the Issuer), after consultation with the Issuer, or the Calculation Agent, 
after consultation with the Issuer, determines on or prior to the relevant SOFR Reference Time, with respect to a Series of 
SOFR Notes, that a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred on any date, the SOFR 
Replacement will replace the then-current SOFR Benchmark for all purposes relating to such SOFR Notes in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
SOFR Index Unavailable 
 
If a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published on the associated Interest Determination Date and a SOFR 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have not occurred with respect to SOFR, “Compounded SOFR” 
means, for the applicable Interest Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily compounded 
interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for SOFR Averages, and definitions required for such formula, 
published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-reporeference-rates-
information as of the date hereof.. For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages compounding formula 
and related definitions to “calculation period” shall be replaced with “Observation Period” and the words “that is, 30-, 90-, 
or 180- calendar days” shall be removed. If the daily SOFR (“SOFRi”) does not so appear for any day, “i” in the Observation 
Period, SOFRi for such day “i” shall be SOFR published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website. 
 
SOFR Replacement Provisions 
In connection with the implementation of a SOFR Replacement, the Issuer or its designee (which may be an affiliate 
of the Issuer), after consulting with the Issuer, will have the right to make SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to the benchmark 
transition provisions set forth herein, and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: 
(a) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(b) 
if made by the Issuer, will be made in its sole discretion;  
(c) 
if made by the Issuer’s designee, will be made after consultation with the Issuer, and the Issuer’s designee 
will not make any such determination, decision or election to which the Issuer objects; and  
(d) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Fiscal Agency Agreement or the SOFR Notes, shall become 
effective without consent from the holders of the SOFR Notes or any other party.  
If the Calculation Agent fails to make any determination, decision or election that it is required to make under the 
terms of the SOFR Notes, then the Issuer or its designee (which may an affiliate of the Issuer), after consulting with the 
Issuer, will make that determination, decision or election on the same basis as described above.

--- Page 243 ---
231 
As used in this Prospectus with respect to any SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date: 
“SOFR Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR or such benchmark in respect of Floating Rate Notes as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the SOFR Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event  and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR (or the  
published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current SOFR Benchmark, then “SOFR Benchmark”  means 
the applicable SOFR Replacement.  
“SOFR Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer 
or its designee as of the SOFR Replacement Date.   
  
(1) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor (if 
any) and (b) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment;   
  
(2) the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment; or 
 
(3) the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or its designee, after consulting 
with the Issuer, as the replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor (if any) 
giving due consideration to  any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
for  U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) the SOFR  Replacement Adjustment.  
 
“SOFR Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can  be determined 
by the Issuer or its designee, after consulting with the Issuer, as of the SOFR Replacement Date:  
 
(1) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended  by the Relevant Governmental Body for the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement;  
  
(2) if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback  Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or  
  
(3) the Spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Issuer 
or its designee, after consulting with the Issuer, giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for  the replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR  Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated Floating Rate Notes at such time. 
 
“SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any SOFR Replacement, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency of  determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other  administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee, after 
consulting with the Issuer, decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption  of such SOFR Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee, after consulting with the Issuer, decides that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively  feasible or if the Issuer or its designee, after 
consulting with the Issuer, determines that no market practice for use of the SOFR  Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer or its designee, after consulting with the Issuer, determines is reasonably necessary).  
  
“SOFR Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
  
(1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of “SOFR Transition Event,” the later of (a) the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein and  (b) the date on which the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely  ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or  
  
(2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of “SOFR Transition Event,” the date of the  public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein.  
  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the SOFR Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, 
but earlier than, the SOFR Reference Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed to 
have occurred prior to the SOFR Reference Time for such determination.

--- Page 244 ---
232 
“SOFR Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-
current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark 
(or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or 
(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component), an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, which states that the administrator 
of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such  component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or  
(3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark announcing that the SOFR Benchmark is no longer representative. 
“Unadjusted SOFR Replacement” means the SOFR Replacement excluding the SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment. 
 
Treasury Rate Notes 
Each Treasury Rate Note will bear interest at a specified rate that will be revised periodically based on the Treasury 
Rate and any Spread and/or Spread Multiplier. 
“Treasury Rate” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the rate for the most recent auction of 
direct obligations of the United States (“Treasury bills”) having the specified Index Maturity as it appears under the caption 
“INVEST RATE” on either Reuters Screen USAUCTION10 Page or Reuters Screen USAUCTION11 Page (or any other 
pages as may replace such pages on such service). 
The following procedures will apply if the rate cannot be set as described above: 
(a) 
If the rate is not so published by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Interest Determination Date, the 
rate will be the auction average rate for such Treasury bills (expressed as a bond equivalent, on the basis of 
a year of 365 or 366 days as applicable, and applied on a daily basis) for such auction as otherwise 
announced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury. 
(b) 
If the results of the auction of Treasury bills are not so published by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the 
Interest Determination Date, or if no such auction is held, the Treasury Rate will be the rate (expressed as 
a bond equivalent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as applicable, and applied on a daily basis) on 
such Interest Determination Date of such Treasury bills having the specified Index Maturity as published 
in H.15 under the caption “U.S. Government Securities/Treasury Bills/Auction high.” 
(c) 
If such rate is not so published in H.15 by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the related Interest 
Determination Date, the rate on such Interest Determination Date of such Treasury bills will be as published 
in H.15 Daily Update, or such other recognized electronic source used for the purpose of displaying such 
rate, under the caption “U.S. Government Securities/Treasury Bills/Auction high.” 
(d) 
If such rate is not yet published in H.15, H.15 Daily Update or another recognized electronic source, then 
the Treasury Rate will be a yield to maturity (expressed as a bond equivalent on the basis of a year of 365 
or 366 days, as applicable, and applied on a daily basis) of the average of the secondary market bid rates as 
of approximately 3:30 p.m., New York City time, on the Interest Determination Date, of three leading 
primary U.S. government securities dealers in The City of New York selected by the Calculation Agent for 
the issue of Treasury bills with a remaining maturity closest to the specified Index Maturity.

--- Page 245 ---
233 
(e) 
If fewer than three dealers are providing quotes, the rate will be the same as the rate used in the prior interest 
period. 
Prime Rate Notes 
Each Prime Rate Note will bear interest at a specified rate that will be reset periodically based on the Prime Rate 
and any Spread and/or Spread Multiplier. 
“Prime Rate” means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, unless otherwise specified in any applicable 
Final Terms, the rate set forth on that Interest Determination Date in H.15 under the heading “Bank Prime Loan.” 
The following procedures will apply if the rate cannot be set as described above: 
(a) 
If the rate is not published in H.15 by 3:00 p.m., New York City time, on the Interest Determination Date, 
then the Prime Rate will be the rate as published on such Interest Determination Date in H.15 Daily Update, 
or such other recognized electronic source used for the purpose of displaying such rate under the caption 
“Bank Prime Loan.” 
(b) 
If the rate is not published in H.15, H.15 Daily Update or another recognized electronic source by 3:00 
p.m., New York City time, on the Interest Determination Date, then the Prime Rate will be the average 
(rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next higher one-hundred thousandth of a percentage point) of the 
rates publicly announced by each bank on the Reuters Screen USPRIME1 Page as its prime rate or base 
lending rate for that Interest Determination Date. 
(c) 
If fewer than four, but more than one, rates appear on the Reuters Screen USPRIME1 Page, the Prime Rate 
will be the average of the prime rates (quoted on the basis of the actual number of days in the year divided 
by a 360-day year) as of the close of business on the Interest Determination Date by four major money 
center banks in The City of New York selected by the Issuer. 
(d) 
If fewer than two rates appear, the Prime Rate will be determined based on the rates furnished in The City 
of New York by the appropriate number of substitute banks or trust companies organized and doing 
business under the laws of the United States, or any State thereof, having total equity capital of at least 
US$500 million and being subject to supervision or examination by a Federal or State authority, as selected 
by the Issuer. 
(e) 
If no banks are providing quotes, the rate will be the same as the rate used for the prior interest period. 
Indexed Notes 
Notes may be issued with the principal amount payable at maturity or interest to be paid thereon, or both, to be 
determined with reference to the price or prices of specified commodities or stocks, indices, formulae or other assets or bases 
of reference as may be specified in such Note and the applicable Final Terms (“Indexed Notes”).  Holders of such Indexed 
Notes may receive a principal amount on the Maturity Date that is greater than or less than the face amount of the Indexed 
Notes, or an interest rate that is greater than or less than the stated interest rate on the Indexed Notes, or both, depending upon 
the structure of the Indexed Note and the relative value on the Maturity Date or at the relevant Interest Payment Date, as the 
case may be, of the specified indexed item.  Information as to the method for determining the principal amount payable on 
the Maturity Date, the currency base rate (the “Currency Base Rate”), the manner of determining the interest rate, the 
determination agent (the “Determination Agent”), certain historical information with respect to the specified indexed item 
and tax considerations associated with an investment in Indexed Notes will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
A separate prospectus comprising the relevant Note will be used for the documentation of an issuance of Indexed 
Notes, including, but not limited to a discussion of market and settlement disruptions and adjustments.  For further information 
regarding certain risks inherent in Indexed Notes, see “Risk Factors—Risk Factors in Respect of the Issuer—Indexed Notes.” 
Indexed Notes will not be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. 
Dual Currency Notes 
In general, “Dual Currency Notes” refer to Notes as to which the Issuer is permitted under certain specified 
circumstances to pay principal, premium, if any, and/or interest, in more than one currency or composite currency.  The terms

--- Page 246 ---
234 
of any Dual Currency Notes will be as set forth in the applicable Final Terms related to any such Notes, including the face 
amount currency (the “Face Amount Currency”), the option value calculation agent (the “Option Value Calculation 
Agent”), the optional payment currency (the “Optional Payment Currency”), the option election date(s) (the “Option 
Election Date(s)”), and the designated exchange rate (the “Designated Exchange Rate”). 
For further information regarding certain risks inherent in Notes denominated in currencies other than U.S. Dollars, 
see “Risk Factors—Exchange rate risk and exchange controls.” 
Amortizing Notes 
Amortizing Notes are Fixed Rate Notes for which payments combining principal and interest are made in 
installments over the life of the Note (“Amortizing Notes”).  Unless otherwise specified herein and in the applicable Final 
Terms, interest on each Amortizing Note will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.  Payments 
with respect to Amortizing Notes will be applied first to interest due and payable thereon and then to the reduction of the 
unpaid principal amount thereof.  Further information concerning specific terms of any issue of Amortizing Notes, including 
the amortization schedule (the “Amortization Schedule”), will be provided in the applicable Final Terms.  A table setting 
forth repayment information in respect of each Amortizing Note will be included in the applicable Final Terms and set forth 
on such Notes. 
Original Issue Discount Notes 
Original Issue Discount Notes are Notes issued at more than a de minimis discount from the principal amount payable 
at maturity.  Certain additional considerations relating to Original Issue Discount Notes may be described in the applicable 
Final Terms relating thereto. 
Additional Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes from time to time having terms identical to a prior Tranche of Notes but for the original 
issue date and the public offering price (“Additional Notes”).  Any such Additional Notes that are Regulation S Global Notes 
will be issued in the form of a temporary global Note which will be exchangeable for a beneficial interest in a permanent 
global Note on or after the Exchange Date specified in the applicable Final Terms relating to such Additional Notes.  
Additional Notes may be issued prior to or after the Exchange Date relating to such prior Tranche of Notes of the same Series.  
In the event Additional Notes are issued prior to the Exchange Date for the prior Tranche, the Exchange Date relating to such 
prior Tranche shall be moved to a date not earlier than 40 calendar days after the original issue date of the related Additional 
Notes; provided, however, in no event shall the Exchange Date for a Tranche of Notes be extended to a date more than 160 
calendar days after the date such Tranche was issued.  Once any Additional Notes have been issued, whether Regulation S 
Global Notes or Rule 144A Global Notes, such Additional Notes together with each prior and subsequent Tranche of Notes 
of the same Series, shall constitute one and the same Series of Notes for all purposes to the extent specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (except that any such Additional Notes offered and sold in compliance with Regulation S will have temporary 
CUSIP, ISIN and Common Code numbers during a 40-day distribution compliance period commencing on the date of 
issuance of such Additional Notes); provided, however, that in the case of Regulation S Global Notes, or Notes to which the 
TEFRA D Rules apply, such consolidation of Additional Notes issued after the Exchange Date will occur only following the 
exchange of interests in the temporary global Note for interests in the permanent global Note upon receipt of certificates 
described below; and provided further that if the Additional Notes are not fungible with the earlier Notes for United States 
federal income tax purposes, the Additional Notes will have a separate CUSIP number.  The Final Terms relating to any 
Additional Notes will set forth matters related to the issuance, exchange and transfer of Additional Notes, including 
identifying the prior Tranche of Notes, their original issue date and aggregate principal amount.  Any Additional Notes that 
are Bearer Notes will be subject to the same restrictions as are set forth under “Forms of Notes—Bearer Notes” above. 
Other Provisions 
Any provisions with respect to Notes, including without limitation the determination of an Interest Rate Basis, the 
specification of an Interest Rate Basis, calculation of the interest rate applicable to a Floating Rate Note, its Interest Payment 
Dates or any other matter relating thereto may be modified by the terms specified under “Other Provisions” on the face 
thereof, if so specified on the face thereof or in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 247 ---
235 
Covenants 
The Issuer has agreed to restrictions on its activities for the benefit of holders of each Series of Notes.  The following 
restrictions will apply separately to each Series of Notes: 
Consolidation, Merger, Sale or Conveyance 
The Issuer may not consolidate with or merge into any other corporation or convey or transfer all or substantially 
all of its properties and assets to any person, unless: 
(i) 
the successor corporation shall (a) be organized and existing under the laws of the Republic of Chile, the 
United States (or any state thereof or the district of Columbia) or any country that is a member of the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), and (b) expressly assume, by a 
supplemental Fiscal Agency Agreement, executed and delivered to the Fiscal and Paying Agent, the due 
and punctual payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and interest on all the outstanding Notes 
and the performance of every covenant in the Fiscal Agency Agreement on the part of the Issuer to be 
performed or observed; 
(ii) 
immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Event of Default shall have happened and be 
continuing; and 
(iii) 
The Issuer shall have delivered to the Fiscal and Paying Agent an officers’ certificate and an opinion of 
counsel stating that such consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer and such supplemental Fiscal 
Agency Agreement comply with the foregoing provisions relating to such transaction.  
In case of any such consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer such successor corporation will succeed to and be 
substituted for the Issuer as obligor on each Series of Notes with the same effect as if it had issued such Series of Notes.  
Upon the assumption of its obligations by any such successor corporation in such circumstances subject to certain exceptions, 
the Issuer will be discharged from all obligations under the Notes and the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
Periodic Reports 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement provides that if the Issuer is not required to file with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission information, documents, or reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Issuer shall 
make available, upon request, to any holder of the Notes, any owner of a beneficial interest in any Note or any prospective 
purchaser designated by a holder or owner of a beneficial interest in any Note, the information required to be delivered 
pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
Events of Default 
An “Event of Default,” with respect to each Series of Notes is defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement as: 
(i) 
The Issuer’s default in the payment of any principal of any of the Notes of such Series, when due and 
payable, whether at maturity or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
The Issuer’s default in the payment of any interest or any Additional Amounts when due and payable on 
any of the Notes of such Series and the continuance of such default for a period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
The Issuer’s default in the performance or observance of any other covenant or obligation of the Issuer in 
the Notes of such Series or the Fiscal Agency Agreement, not otherwise expressly defined as an Event of 
Default in (i) or (ii) above, and the continuance of such default for more than 60 days after written notice 
of such default has been received by the Issuer from the Fiscal and Paying Agent or the holders of at least 
25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes of such Series outstanding specifying such default and 
requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a “Notice of Default”; or 
(iv) 
if the Issuer or any of its Significant Subsidiaries fails to pay the principal of, or interest on, Relevant 
Indebtedness (as defined below) having a total principal amount exceeding US$100,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies) when due (whether at maturity, upon redemption or

--- Page 248 ---
236 
acceleration or otherwise), if such default shall continue for more than the originally applicable period of 
grace, if any, and in each case all such Indebtedness shall have been declared due and payable; or 
(v) 
the entry of a final order for relief against the Issuer under any Bankruptcy Law by a court or regulatory 
entity having jurisdiction in the premises adjudging the Issuer as bankrupt or insolvent, or the entry of such 
an order by such a court or regulatory entity appointing under any Bankruptcy Law a receiver, liquidator or 
trustee of the Issuer or of all or substantially all of its property or ordering the winding up or liquidation of 
its affairs, and in each case the continuance of any such order unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 
consecutive days; or 
(vi) 
the consent by the Issuer to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it, or the filing 
by it of a petition seeking reorganization or relief with respect to its debts, in each case under any 
Bankruptcy Law, or the consent by it to the appointment under any Bankruptcy Law of a receiver, liquidator 
or trustee of the Issuer or of all or substantially all of its property. 
The term “Bankruptcy Law” as used in this Section means (i) articles 120 et seq. of the Chilean Banking Law 
(D.F.L. 3 of 1997, as amended), (ii) the Chilean Law No. 20,720 on “Reorganización y Liquidación de Activos de Empresas 
y Personas” (The “Law No. 20,720”) or (iii) any other applicable law that amends, supplements or supersedes the Chilean 
Banking Law and/or the Law No. 20,720, and any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law of 
any applicable jurisdiction. 
For purposes of the above, “Relevant Indebtedness” means, with respect to any person (without duplication) (a) any 
liability of such person (1) for borrowed money or due and payable under any reimbursement obligation relating to a letter 
of credit, or (2) evidenced by a bond, note, debenture or other similar securities (other than a trade payable or a current 
liability arising in the ordinary course of business or a performance bond or similar obligation); and (b) any liability of others 
described in the preceding clause (a) that the person has guaranteed; provided that the term “Relevant Indebtedness” will not 
include any of the following liabilities or obligations incurred by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries: (1) any deposits with 
or funds collected by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries (but not other funds borrowed by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries), 
(2) any check, note, certificate of deposit, draft or bill of exchange, issued, accepted or endorsed by the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries, (3) any transaction in which the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries act solely in a fiduciary or agency capacity, (4) 
any agreement to purchase or repurchase securities or loans or currency or to participate in loans, and (5) letters of credit to 
the extent they are issued or confirmed by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries.  For the purpose of determining any particular 
amount of Relevant Indebtedness under this definition, guarantees of (or obligations with respect to letters of credit or 
financial bonds supporting) Relevant Indebtedness otherwise included in the determination of such amount shall also not be 
included. 
The term “Significant Subsidiary” as used in this Section means a Subsidiary of the Issuer organized  under the 
laws of the Republic of Chile which would be a “significant subsidiary” within the meaning of Rule 1-02 under Regulation 
S-X promulgated by the SEC in effect on the date of this Prospectus assuming for purposes of that definition that the Issuer 
is the registrant referred to in such definition, except that for purposes of the calculation under Rule1-02 under Regulation S-
X all references therein to (i) “any of” and “;or” shall be changed to “each of” and “and” respectively and (ii) 10 percent shall 
be changed to 20 percent.  
If an Event of Default described in paragraph (iv) above has occurred and is continuing with respect to any Series 
of Notes, such Event of Default will be automatically rescinded and annulled once the default triggering such Event of Default 
pursuant to clause (iv) is remedied or cured by the Issuer or waived by the holders of the relevant Indebtedness; provided that 
no declaration of acceleration has been made and is continuing with respect to such Series of Notes as a result of such Event 
of Default.  No such rescission and annulment will affect any subsequent Event of Default or impair any right consequent 
thereto. 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement provides that if an Event of Default with respect to any Series of Notes described in 
paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above occurs and is continuing with respect to the Notes of any Series, then and in each and 
every such case, unless the principal of all the Notes of such Series shall have already become due and payable, the holders 
of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Notes of such Series then outstanding hereunder (each such Series 
acting as a separate class), by notice in writing to the Issuer and to the Fiscal and Paying Agent, may declare the principal 
amount of all the Notes of such Series then outstanding and all accrued interest thereon to be due and payable immediately, 
and upon any such declaration the same shall become and shall be immediately due and payable, anything in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement or in the Notes of such Series contained to the contrary notwithstanding.  If an Event of Default described 
in paragraph (v) or (vi) of the above occurs and is continuing with respect to any Series of Notes, then the principal amount

--- Page 249 ---
237 
of such Notes then outstanding and all accrued interest thereon shall, without any notice to the Issuer or any other act on the 
part of the Fiscal and Paying Agent or any holder of such Notes, become and be immediately due and payable. 
At any time after such a declaration of acceleration has been made with respect to the Notes of such Series and 
before a final judgment for payment of the money due has been obtained, the holders of a majority in aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes of such Series, by written notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal and Paying Agent, may rescind 
and annul such declaration and its consequences if: (1) the Issuer has paid or deposited with the Fiscal and Paying Agent a 
sum sufficient to pay: (i) all overdue installments of interest on the outstanding Notes of such Series, (ii) the principal of (and 
premium, if any, on) any outstanding Notes of such Series which have become due otherwise than by such declaration of 
acceleration, and interest thereon at the rate or rates prescribed therefor by the terms of the Notes of such Series, to the extent 
that payment of such interest is lawful, (iii) interest upon overdue installments of interest at the rate or rates prescribed therefor 
by the terms of the Notes of such Series, to the extent that payment of such interest is lawful, and all sums paid or advanced 
by the Fiscal and Paying Agent hereunder and the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the 
Fiscal and Paying Agent, its agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Fiscal and Paying Agent under Section 11(a); 
and (2) all Events of Default with respect to such Series of Notes, other than the nonpayment of the principal of the Notes of 
such Series which have become due solely by such acceleration, have been cured or waived.  No such rescission shall affect 
any subsequent default or impair any right consequent thereon. 
Notes owned by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries shall not be deemed to be outstanding for purposes of declaring 
the acceleration of the Notes. 
Payment of Additional Amounts 
The Issuer is required to make all payments in respect of each Series of Notes free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, fines, penalties, assessments or other 
governmental charges (or interest on those taxes, duties, fines, penalties, assessments or other governmental charges) 
(collectively, “Taxes”) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by, within or on behalf of the Republic of Chile (or 
any political subdivision or governmental authority thereof or therein having power to tax), (in the event of a transaction 
permitted under “—Covenants—Consolidation, Merger, Sale or Conveyance”) any jurisdiction where a successor corporation 
of the Issuer is incorporated or considered to be a resident, if other than the Republic of Chile (or any political subdivision or 
governmental authority thereof or therein having power to tax), or any other jurisdiction from or through which the Issuer (or 
a successor) makes any payment under a Series of Notes (or any political subdivision or governmental authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax) (each, a “Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction”), unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law.  In that event the Issuer will pay to the Holders of such Series of Notes, or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may 
be, such additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as may be necessary to ensure that the net amounts received by the 
Holders of such Series of Notes after such withholding or deduction shall not be less than the amounts of principal, interest 
and premium, if any, which would have been received in respect of such Series of Notes in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction, except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note: 
(i) 
in the case of payments for which presentation of such Note is required, presented for payment more than 
30 days after the later of: 
(a) 
the date on which such payment first became due, and 
(b) 
if the full amount payable has not been received in the place of payment by the relevant Paying 
Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which, the full amount having been so received, 
notice to that effect shall have been given to the Holders by the relevant Paying Agent, except to 
the extent that the Holder would have been entitled to such Additional Amounts on presenting 
such Note for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; 
(ii) 
for any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, excise, personal property or similar Taxes; 
(iii) 
held by or on behalf of a Holder who is liable for Taxes imposed in respect of such Note by reason of such 
Holder (or fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of, or possessor of power over the relevant 
Holder, if the relevant Holder is an estate, a nominee, a trust, a partnership, a limited liability company or 
a corporation) or a beneficial owner of the Note having some present or former direct or indirect connection 
with the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction imposing such Taxes, other than the mere holding of such Note or 
the receipt of payments or the enforcement of rights in respect thereto;

--- Page 250 ---
238 
(iv) 
for any Taxes which are payable other than by deduction or withholding from payments of principal of, or 
interest or premium on the Notes; 
(v) 
with respect to Taxes imposed on a payment to a Holder that would not have been imposed but for the 
failure of the Holder or a beneficial owner of the Note to comply with any certification, documentation, 
information or other reporting requirements concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection 
with a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction or to make other similar claim for exemption to a Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction, if compliance is required by statute or by regulation of a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction as a 
precondition to relief or exemption from such Taxes; 
(vi) 
for any Taxes which would have been avoided by a Holder presenting the relevant Note (if presentation is 
required) or requesting that such payment be made to another Paying Agent in a member state of the 
European Union; 
(vii) 
for any Taxes imposed under sections 1471-1474 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”), any current or future regulations thereunder or interpretations thereof, any agreements entered 
into pursuant to section 1471(b) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into (or treated as 
being in effect) in connection with the implementation of such sections of the Code, and any fiscal or 
regulatory legislation, rules, or official practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental 
agreement; 
(viii) 
with respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who is a fiduciary, a partnership, a limited liability 
company or other than the sole beneficial owner of that payment to the extent that payment would be 
required by the laws of the applicable Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction to be included in the income, for tax 
purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with respect to the fiduciary, a member of that partnership, an interest 
holder in that limited liability company or a beneficial owner who would not have been entitled to the 
Additional Amounts had that beneficiary, settlor, member, interest holder or beneficial owner been the 
Holder;  
(ix) 
for any Taxes imposed by the United States or any political subdivision or governmental authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax; or 
(x) 
any combination of (i) through (ix) above. 
References to principal, interest, premium or other amounts payable in respect of any Series of Notes also refer to 
any Additional Amounts that may be payable.  In the event that Additional Amounts actually paid with respect to the Notes 
described above are based on rates of deduction or withholding of Taxes in excess of the appropriate rate applicable to the 
Holder of such Notes, and, as a result thereof such Holder or beneficial owner of the Notes is entitled to make claim for a 
refund or credit of such excess from the authority imposing such Taxes (or actually receives a refund), then such Holder or 
beneficial owner shall, by accepting such Notes or an interest therein, be deemed to have assigned and transferred all right, 
title, and interest to any such claim for a refund or credit of such excess (or any such refund received) to the Issuer. 
The Issuer will pay when due any present or future stamp, transfer, court or documentary taxes or any other excise 
or property taxes, charges or similar levies imposed by the Republic of Chile (or any political subdivision or governmental 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax) or a jurisdiction where a successor corporation of the Issuer is incorporated 
or considered to be a resident, if other than the Republic of Chile (or any political subdivision or governmental authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax) with respect to the initial execution, delivery or registration of each Series of Notes 
or any other document or instrument relating thereto, except as described in the Fiscal Agency Agreement with respect to 
transfer or exchange of the Notes. 
Modification of Fiscal Agency Agreement and Notes 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement may be amended by the Issuer and the Fiscal and Paying Agent, without the consent 
of the holder of any Note of a Series for the purposes, among others, of curing any ambiguity, or of correcting or 
supplementing any defective or inconsistent provisions contained therein, to effect any assumption of the Issuer’s obligations 
thereunder and under the Notes of a Series under the circumstances described under “—Covenants—Consolidation, Merger, 
Sale or Conveyance,” to change the paying agent if such change is made to avoid or mitigate the Issuer’s obligation to pay 
Additional Amounts with respect to any Series of Notes, or in any other manner which the Issuer and the Fiscal and Paying 
Agent may deem necessary or desirable or which, in the sole judgment of the Issuer, does not adversely affect in any material

--- Page 251 ---
239 
respect the interests of the holders of Notes of such Series outstanding on the date of such amendment.  Nothing in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement prevents the Issuer and the Fiscal and Paying Agent from amending the Fiscal Agency Agreement in 
such a manner as to only have a prospective effect on Notes issued on or after the date of such amendment. 
Modifications and amendments to the Fiscal Agency Agreement and, to the terms of the Notes of a Series may also 
be made, and future compliance therewith or past Events of Default by the Issuer may be waived, by holders of a majority in 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes of such Series (or, in each case, such lesser amount as shall have acted at a meeting 
of holders of such Notes, as described below), provided, however, that no such modification or amendment to the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement, or to the terms of the Notes of a Series may, without the consent of the holders of each Note of such 
Series directly and adversely affected thereby: 
(a) 
change the stated maturity of the principal of any Note of such Series or extend the scheduled date for 
payment of interest or Additional Amounts thereon;  
(b) 
reduce the principal amount of any Note of such Series or reduce the stated rate of interest or Additional 
Amounts payable thereon or the amount payable thereon in the event of redemption or acceleration (or in 
the case of Original Issue Discount Notes, change the amount that would be due and payable upon an 
acceleration thereof);  
(c) 
change the currency of payment of principal of, or any other amounts payable on, any Note of such Series; 
(d) 
change the place where payment of principal of or interest on the Notes of any Series is made to the 
registered holder(s) of such Notes; 
(e) 
amend the contractual right in the Notes of any Series to institute suit for any payment on or with respect 
to the Notes of such Series on or after the respective due dates provided for in such Notes; 
(f) 
reduce the above-stated percentage of the principal amount of Notes of such Series, the consent of whose 
holders is necessary to modify or amend the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the terms of the Notes or reduce 
the percentage of Notes of such Series required for the taking of action or the quorum required at any such 
meeting of holders of Notes of such Series; or  
(g) 
amend the foregoing requirements to reduce the percentage of outstanding Notes of such Series necessary 
to waive any future compliance or past default.  
The persons entitled to vote a majority in principal amount of the Notes of a Series outstanding shall constitute a 
quorum at a meeting of Noteholders of such Series except as hereinafter provided.  In the absence of such a quorum, a meeting 
of Noteholders called by the Issuer shall be adjourned for a period of not less than 10 days, and in the absence of a quorum 
at any such adjourned meeting, the meeting shall be further adjourned for another period of not less than 10 days, at which 
further adjourned meeting persons entitled to vote 25% in principal amount of Notes of a Series at the time outstanding shall 
constitute a quorum.  Except for modifications or amendments in (a) to (f) above which require the consent of the holders of 
each Note of such series directly and adversely affected thereby, any modifications, amendments or waivers to the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement, the terms of the Notes of a Series at a meeting of Noteholders require a favorable vote of holders of the 
lesser of (i) a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Notes of such Series or (ii) a majority of the principal amount 
of Notes of such Series represented and voting at the meeting.  Any such modifications, amendments or waivers will be 
conclusive and binding on all holders of Notes of such Series, whether or not they have given such consent or were present 
at such meeting and whether or not notation of such modifications, amendments or waivers is made upon the Notes, and on 
all future holders of Notes of such Series.  Any instruments given by or on behalf of any holder of a Note of a Series in 
connection with any consent to any such modification, amendment or waiver will be irrevocable once given and will be 
conclusive and binding on all subsequent holders of such Note. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
Any Notes or coupons that become mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen or are apparently destroyed, lost or stolen 
will be replaced by the Issuer at the expense of the holder upon delivery of the Notes or coupons or satisfactory evidence of 
the destruction, loss or theft thereof to the Issuer and the Fiscal and Paying Agent.  In each case, an indemnity satisfactory to 
the Issuer and the Fiscal and Paying Agent may be required at the expense of the holder of such Note or coupon before a 
replacement Note or coupon will be issued.  For so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on or by any other stock 
exchange, competent authority and/or market and the rules of such stock exchange(s), competent authority(ies) and/or

--- Page 252 ---
240 
market(s) so require, a noteholder shall be able to obtain a replacement Note or coupon at the offices of the paying agent 
located in each location required by the rules and regulations of such stock exchange(s), competent authority(ies) and/or 
market(s). 
Applicable Law 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
State of New York, United States of America. 
Notices 
All notices concerning the Notes shall be published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website, www.luxse.com, 
if and for so long as the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and for so long as the rules of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange so require.  Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the date of such publication 
(or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication). 
Notices to holders of Registered Notes will also be given by mailing such notices to each holder by first class mail, 
postage prepaid, at the respective address of each holder as that address appears upon the books of the Registrar. 
Notwithstanding anything else in this section, notices to holders of Notes in temporary or permanent global form 
shall only be given through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or another clearing system, as the case may be 
(irrespective of whether such Notes are Bearer Notes or Registered Notes). 
So long as no definitive Bearer Notes or definitive Registered Notes are in issue in respect of a particular Series, 
there may, so long as the global Note(s) for such Series is or are held in its or their entirety on behalf of DTC, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or another clearance system, as the case may be, and the Notes for such Series are not 
listed and/or admitted to trading on a stock exchange, competent authority and/or market, or if so listed or admitted to trading, 
for so long as the relevant stock exchange, competent authority and/or market so permits, be substituted for such publication 
in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other 
clearance system for communication by them to the holders of the Notes.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to the holders of the Notes on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to DTC, Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other clearance system. 
Notices to be given by a Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with the related 
Note or Notes, with the Fiscal and Paying Agent.  While any Notes are represented by a global Note, such notice may be 
given by a Noteholder to the Fiscal and Paying Agent via Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or such other clearance 
system, as the case may be, in such manner as the Fiscal and Paying Agent and Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
such other clearance system may approve for this purpose. 
If the Notes are no longer listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, unless otherwise indicated, notices to holders 
of Bearer Notes will be valid if published (i) in a leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe, 
or (iii) so long as the Notes are listed on any other securities exchange, such newspaper or website as the rules of such 
exchange may require. 
Consent to Service 
The Issuer has designated Cogency Global Inc., presently located at 122 East 42nd Street, 18th Floor, New York, 
New York 10168, as authorized agent for service of process in any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement or the Notes brought in any federal or state court in the Borough of Manhattan, the City of New 
York, State of New York. 
Consent to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Issuer irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of any court of the State of New York or any 
United States Federal court sitting, in each case, in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, New 
York, United States of America, and any appellate court from any thereof, and waives any immunity from 
the jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding that may be brought by the Fiscal and 
Paying Agent or a holder in connection with the Fiscal Agency Agreement or the Notes.  The Issuer 
irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection to any suit, action or proceeding

--- Page 253 ---
241 
that may be brought in connection with the Fiscal Agency Agreement or the Notes in such courts on the 
grounds of venue or on the ground that any such suit, action or proceeding has been brought in an 
inconvenient forum.  The Issuer agrees that final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought 
in such court shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer and may be enforced in any court to the 
jurisdiction of which the Issuer is subject by a suit upon such judgment; provided that service of process is 
effected upon the Issuer in the manner provided by the Fiscal Agency Agreement.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, any suit, action or proceeding brought in connection with the Fiscal Agency Agreement or the 
Notes against the Issuer may be instituted in any competent court in the Republic of Chile. 
(b) 
The Issuer agrees that service of all writs, process and summonses in any suit, action or proceeding brought 
in connection with the Fiscal Agency Agreement or the Notes against the Issuer in any court of the State of 
New York or any United States Federal court sitting, in each case, in the Borough of Manhattan, The City 
of New York, may be made upon Cogency Global Inc., presently located at 122 East 42nd Street, 18th Floor, 
New York, New York 10168. 
(c) 
Nothing in this Section shall affect the right of any party to serve legal process in any other manner 
permitted by law or affect the right of any party to bring any action or proceeding against any other party 
or its property in the courts of other jurisdictions. 
Judgment Currency 
The Issuer agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so under applicable law, that (a) if for the purpose 
of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert the sum due in respect of the principal of, or premium or interest, 
if any, on the Notes of any Series (the “Required Currency”) into a currency in which a judgment will be rendered (the 
“Judgment Currency”), the rate of exchange used shall be the rate at which, in accordance with normal banking procedures, 
the Fiscal and Paying Agent could purchase the Required Currency with the Judgment Currency and (b) its obligations under 
the Fiscal Agency Agreement to make payments in the Required Currency (i) shall not be discharged or satisfied by any 
tender, or any recovery pursuant to any judgment (whether or not entered in accordance with subsection (a)), in any currency 
other than the Required Currency, except to the extent that such tender or recovery shall result in the actual receipt, by the 
payee, of the full amount of the Required Currency expressed to be payable in respect of such payments, (ii) shall be 
enforceable as an alternative or additional cause of action for the purpose of recovering in the Required Currency the amount, 
if any, by which such actual receipt shall fall short of the full amount of the Required Currency so expressed to be payable 
and (iii) shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for any other sum due under the Fiscal Agency Agreement.

--- Page 254 ---
242 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[UK MIFIR product governance /Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended, “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products)  Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as  defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products).

--- Page 255 ---
243 
FINAL TERMS NO. [●]  
 
Dated [●] 
[BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES][BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES, acting through its Miami 
branch] (the “Issuer”) 
LEI (Legal Entity Identifier): 549300E9E5Y3PKW24142 
ISSUE OF MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
[●]% [Fixed Rate][Floating Rate] Notes Due [●] 
Series No.: [●] 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated July 19, 2024 [and the supplement(s) to it dated 
[●]] ([collectively,] the “Base Prospectus”).  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.  [The Base Prospectus has been, and these Final 
Terms will be, published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] 
1. General Information: 
(i) 
Series Number:  
[●]  
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] [If fungible with an existing Series, provide details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Notes become 
fungible] 
(iii) 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Settlement Date (Original Issue Date): 
[●] 
(v) 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
(vi) Specified Currency: 
[●] 
(vii) Principal Amount (in Specified 
Currency): 
[●] 
(viii) Dealer’s Discount or Commission: 
[●] 
(ix) 
Price to Public (Issue Price): 
[●] 
(x) 
Ranking: 
[Senior][Subordinated] 
(xi) 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on [●] at [●] per cent 
of their nominal amount. 
[For Renminbi Notes only:  The terms set forth under 
“Description of the Notes—Payments—Renminbi Notes” 
[do not] apply.  [If the terms set forth under “Description of 
the Notes—Payments—Renminbi Notes” are applicable: 
The Issuer may settle payments due in Renminbi (in whole 
or in part) in U.S. dollars on the due date at the U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent or any such Renminbi amount in the 
circumstances described under “Description of the Notes—
Payments–Renminbi Notes.”]]

--- Page 256 ---
244 
[For non-U.S. dollar denominated Notes only:  The 
provisions set out in “Special Provisions Relating to Foreign 
Currency Notes—Payments on Foreign Currency Notes” [do 
not] apply.  [If the provisions set out in “Special Provisions 
Relating to Foreign Currency Notes—Payments on Foreign 
Currency Notes” are applicable: Payments of principal and 
interest in respect of Notes denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than U.S. dollars will be made in the 
Specified Currency unless the holder of such Notes elects to 
receive payments in U.S. dollars in accordance with the 
provisions set out in “Special Provisions Relating to Foreign 
Currency Notes—Payments on Foreign Currency Notes.”]] 
[For non-U.S. dollar denominated Notes where the Specified 
Currency (a) is unavailable due to imposition of exchange 
controls or other circumstances beyond the Issuer’s control 
or (b) is no longer used by the government of the country 
issuing such Specified Currency: The provisions set out in 
“Special Provisions Relating to Foreign Currency Notes—
Changing the Specified Currency of Foreign Currency 
Notes” [do not] apply.  [If the provisions set out in “Special 
Provisions Relating to Foreign Currency Notes—Changing 
the Specified Currency of Foreign Currency Notes” are 
applicable: The Issuer may settle any payment due in respect 
of the Notes in a currency other than the Specified Currency 
on the due date for such payment in the circumstances 
described in “Special Provisions Relating to Foreign 
Currency Notes—Changing the Specified Currency of 
Foreign Currency Notes.”]]  
2. Payment of Additional Amounts: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
3. Authorization/Approval: 
 
(i) 
Date Board approval  
for issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
[●] [Not applicable] 
4. Fixed Rate Notes Only Interest Rate: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Fixed Interest Rate: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Period: 
[Annual] 
[Semi-Annual]  
[Quarterly] [Monthly] 
(iii) 
Fixed Interest Payment Dates: 
Each [●], commencing [●] 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [in the case of Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [in the case of Notes denominated 
in a currency other than U.S. Dollars] 
(v) 
Regular Record Dates (if any): 
[The 15th calendar day prior to each Interest Payment Date] 
[The business day prior to each Interest Payment 
Date][relevant only to Registered Notes] [Not applicable]

--- Page 257 ---
245 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[Each [●]] [Not applicable] [relevant only to Registered 
Notes] 
(vii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] [Not applicable] 
5. Floating Rate Notes Only Interest Rate: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Calculation:  
[Regular Floating Rate] 
[Floating Rate/Fixed Rate] 
[Inverse Floating Rate] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Rate Basis: 
[CD Rate] [Commercial Paper Rate] [Federal Funds Rate] 
[EURIBOR] [SOFR Arithmetic Mean] [SOFR Compound 
with Lookback] [SOFR Compound with Observation Period 
Shift] [SOFR Compound with Payment Delay] [SOFR Index 
with Observation Period Shift] [Treasury Rate] [Prime Rate] 
 
(iii) 
Spread (Plus or Minus): 
[plus/minus [●]%] 
(iv) 
Spread Multiplier: 
[●] 
(v) 
Index Maturity: 
[●] Months 
(vi) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[●] 
(vii) Minimum Interest Rate: 
[●][Not applicable] (if no minimum interest rate is specified 
or if the Final Terms indicate that the minimum interest rate 
is “not applicable,” then the minimum interest rate shall be 
zero) 
(viii) Interest Payment Period: 
[Daily/Monthly/Quarterly/Semi-annually] 
(ix) 
Interest Payment Date: 
Each [list interest payment dates] 
(x) 
Initial Interest Rate Per Annum: 
To be determined [●] Business Days prior to the Original 
Issue Date based upon [interest rate basis plus/minus the 
spread amount] 
(xi) 
Interest Reset Periods and Dates: 
[Daily/monthly/quarterly/semi-annually] on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(xii) Interest Determination Date: 
[●] Business Days prior to each Interest Reset Date 
(xiii) Regular Record Dates (if any): 
[The 15th calendar day prior to each Interest Payment Date] 
[The business day prior to each Interest Payment 
Date][relevant only to Registered Notes][Not applicable]  
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] [Actual/360] [30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xv) Lookback Days: 
[●] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days  
[include for SOFR Compound with Lookback Notes] 
(xvi) Observation Shift Days: 
[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
[include for SOFR Index with Observation Period Shift and 
SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift Notes]

--- Page 258 ---
246 
(xvii) Interest Accrual Period End Dates 
[●] [Include for SOFR Compound with Payment Delay 
Notes] 
(xviii) Interest Payment Delay: 
[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
[Include for SOFR Compound with Payment Delay Notes] 
(xix) Index Determination Date: 
The date that is [●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the first date of the relevant interest period. 
[Include for SOFR Index with Observation Period Shift 
Notes] 
(xx) SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[●] [Include for SOFR Compound Notes] 
(xxi)  Calculation Agent: 
[Fiscal and Paying Agent] [Other][if Other, insert name] 
6. Repayment and Redemption: 
 
(i) 
Issuer Optional Redemption Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][if applicable, provide date] 
(ii) 
Redemption Price: 
[●]  
(iii) 
Make Whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [if applicable, specify agent 
calculating the Make Whole Amount][if applicable, specify 
spread]  
(iv) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Fiscal and Paying Agent] 
[Other] 
7. Indexed Notes: 
 
(i) 
Currency Base Rate: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Determination Agent: 
[●] 
8. Renminbi Notes: 
 
(i) 
Spot Rate: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(ii) 
CNY Calculation Agent: 
[Applicable/Not applicable][Fiscal and Paying Agent] 
[Other] 
9. Form of Notes: 
 
(i) 
Temporary global Note to permanent 
global Note: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(ii) 
Permanent global Note: 
[Applicable/Not applicable][Bearer/Registered] 
(iii) 
Bearer Note: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Registered Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(v) 
New global Note: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(vi) 
Exchange of temporary global Notes 
into definitive Bearer Notes: 
[Not applicable][Specify Exchange Date]

--- Page 259 ---
247 
(vii) Exchange of permanent global Notes 
into definitive Bearer Notes: 
[Not applicable][Specify Exchange Date] 
(viii) Exchange of definitive Bearer Notes 
into Registered Notes: 
[Not applicable][Specify Exchange Date] 
(ix) 
Exchange of Registered Notes into 
Registered Notes in other authorized 
denominations: 
[Not applicable][Specify Exchange Date] 
10. U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Rule 144A restrictions on transfers and Regulation S 
Compliance Category 2]; [TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA not 
applicable] 
11. Distribution: 
[Rule 144A/Regulation S] 
12. Denominations: 
The Notes will be available in denominations of [●] and 
integral multiples of [●] in excess thereof. 
13. Managers: 
(i) The Notes are being purchased[, on a 
several and not joint basis,] by the following 
financial institutions (each a “Manager” and 
collectively, the “Managers”) in the respective 
amounts set forth next to the name of each 
Manager pursuant to a Terms Agreement 
between Issuer and the Managers dated [●], 
executed under the Dealer Agreement.  To the 
extent that any of the Managers are not 
named as Dealers in the Dealer Agreement, 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones has appointed 
them as Dealers thereunder for this transaction 
pursuant to the relevant Terms Agreement. 
[●]: [●](List all Managers (legal names) (List amount) 
Total: [●] 
(ii) Stabilizing manager(s): 
[●][Not applicable] 
Part B Other Information 
 
1. Admissions to Listing and Trading: 
 
[(i) Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or about [●].] 
[(ii) Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market on or about [●].] 
[(iii) Other admissions to listing and trading (including, but not limited to, the Euro MTF) to be specified if 
applicable] 
Estimated expenses related to the admission to trading: [●][Not applicable] 
2. Ratings: 
 
The Notes to be issued [have been][are 
expected to be] rated:

--- Page 260 ---
248 
(i) 
Moody’s:   
[●][Not applicable] [(Need to include a brief explanation of 
the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider)] 
(ii) Standard & Poor’s: 
[●][Not applicable] [(Need to include a brief explanation of 
the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider)] 
 
(iii) Fitch: 
[●][Not applicable] [(Need to include a brief explanation of 
the meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider)] 
 
(iv) [Other]: 
[●][Insert the full legal name of credit rating agency] [(Need 
to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating provider)] 
[[Insert the full legal name of credit rating agency] is [not] 
incorporated in the European Union [or][and] registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended by 
Regulation (EC) No 513/2011.] 
The Notes to be issued are not expected to be rated: 
[●][Not applicable] 
3. Use and Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds: 
Use and estimated net amount of proceeds of 
the Issue: 
[●] 
[If applicable, indicate use of part or all of the net proceeds 
of the Issue for the financing or refinancing of Eligible 
Projects.] [(Description of the Eligible Projects in an easily 
analyzable, concise and comprehensible form)] 
4. Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue: 
[●]/[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  
The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and/or may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and/or may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business.] 
5. Fixed Rate Notes Only Yield: 
 
(i) 
Indication of yield as of the Original 
Issue Date: 
[●][Not applicable] 
6. Operational Information: 
 
(i) 
[Temporary] ISIN: 
[●] [If fungible with an existing Series, provide details of the 
temporary ISIN] 
(ii) 
[Temporary] CUSIP: 
[●] [If fungible with an existing Series, provide details of the 
temporary CUSIP] 
(iii) [Temporary] Common Code: 
[●] [If fungible with an existing Series, provide details of the 
temporary Common Code] 
(iv) 
CFI: 
[Not applicable] [●] [If the CFI is not required, requested or 
available, it should be specified to be “Not Applicable”]

--- Page 261 ---
249 
(v) 
FISN: 
[Not applicable] [●] [If the FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it should be specified to be “Not Applicable”] 
(vi) 
Book-entry Clearing Systems: 
[Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.][Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme][Clearstream 
Banking 
AG, 
Frankfurt][The 
Depository Trust Company] 
(vii) Book-entry Record-Keeping: 
[The Depositary Trust Company][●][address of the entity 
responsible for book-entry record-keeping] 
(viii) Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable] [●] 
(ix) 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the European Central Bank (ECB) being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]//[No.  Whilst 
the designation is specified as “no” at the date of these Final 
Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended 
in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them 
the Notes may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will then be recognized as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life.  Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank (ECB) being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]]

--- Page 262 ---
250 
TAXATION 
General 
The following discussion summarizes certain Chilean tax and United States federal income tax consequences to 
beneficial owners arising from the acquisition, ownership and disposition of the Notes.  This overview does not purport to be 
a comprehensive description of all potential Chilean tax and United States federal income tax considerations that may be 
relevant and is not intended as tax advice to any particular investor.  This overview does not describe any tax consequences 
arising under the laws of any state, locality or other taxing jurisdiction other than Chile and the United States.   
The United States and Chile have signed an income tax treaty that was ratified by both countries and entered into 
force on December 19, 2023. With respect to taxes withheld at source, the tax treaty will have effect for amounts paid or 
credited on or after Febrary 1, 2024. For all other taxes, the treaty will have effect for taxable periods beginning on or after 
January 1, 2024. The treaty does not reduce the 4.0% withholding tax that currently applies, as “sole tax,” to payments of 
interest or premium, if any, made to a Foreign Holder (as defined below) in respect of the Notes (other than Notes issued by 
the Miami branch of the Bank). 
Investors should consult their own tax advisors as to the Chilean, United States or other tax consequences of the 
acquisition, ownership and disposition of the Notes, including, in particular, the application of the tax considerations 
discussed below to their particular situations, as well as the application of state, local, foreign or other tax laws. 
Chilean Taxation 
The following is a general overview of the principal consequences under Chilean tax law with respect to an 
investment in the Notes made by a Foreign Holder (as defined below).  It is based on the tax laws of Chile as in effect on the 
date of this Prospectus, including the tax reform enacted by Law No. 21,210 published in the Official Gazette of Chile on 
February 2, 2020, as well as regulations, rulings and decisions of Chile available on or before such date and now in effect.  
All of the foregoing is subject to change.  Under Chilean law, provisions contained in statutes such as tax rates applicable to 
foreign investors, the computation of taxable income for Chilean purposes and the manner in which Chilean taxes are imposed 
and collected may be amended only by another law.  In addition, the Chilean tax authorities enact rulings and regulations of 
either general or specific application and interpret the provisions of Chilean tax law.  Chilean tax law may not be assessed 
retroactively against taxpayers who act in good faith relying on such rulings, regulations or interpretations, but Chilean tax 
authorities may change their rulings, regulations or interpretations prospectively.  For purposes of this overview, the term 
“Foreign Holder” means either (1) in the case of an individual, a person who is not resident or domiciled in Chile (for purposes 
of Chilean taxation, (a) an individual holder is resident in Chile if he or she has remained in Chile, uninterruptedly or not, for 
more than 183 days within any twelve month period and (b) an individual is domiciled in Chile if he or she resides in Chile 
with the actual or presumptive intent of staying in Chile (such intention to be evidenced by circumstances such as the 
acceptance of employment in Chile or the relocation of one’s family to Chile)); or (2) in the case of a legal entity, a legal 
entity that is not organized under the laws of Chile, unless the Notes are assigned to a branch or a permanent establishment 
of such entity in Chile. 
Under the Chilean Income Tax Law (the “Income Tax Law”), payments of interest or premium, if any, made to a 
Foreign Holder in respect of the Notes (other than Notes issued by the Miami branch of the Bank, as discussed below) will 
generally be subject to a Chilean withholding tax currently at the rate of 4.0% as “sole tax.” Under existing Chilean law and 
regulations, a Foreign Holder will not be subject to any Chilean taxes in respect of payments of principal made by us with 
respect to the Notes.  We have agreed, subject to specific exceptions and limitations, to pay to the holders of the Notes 
Additional Amounts in respect of the taxes described above in order that the interest and premium, if any, the Foreign Holder 
receives, net of withholding taxes, equals the amount which would have been received by such Foreign Holder in the absence 
of such taxes. If the Issuer pays additional amounts in respect of such Chilean withholding taxes, any refunds of such taxes 
will be for the account of the Issuer. 
The Income Tax Law provides that a Foreign Holder is subject to income tax on its Chilean source income.  For this 
purpose, Chilean source income means earnings from activities performed in Chile or from the sale, disposition or other 
transactions in connection with assets or goods located in Chile (in the case of interest, such income is considered Chilean 
source if the debtor’s domicile is in Chile (including permanent establishments located in other countries)).  Pursuant to the 
Income Tax Law, capital gains earned by a Foreign Holder on the sale or disposition of a note issued outside of Chile by a 
Chilean company would not be deemed as Chilean-sourced income.  Therefore, any capital gains realized on the sale or other 
disposition by a Foreign Holder of the Notes issued abroad generally will not be subject to any Chilean taxes (except that any

--- Page 263 ---
251 
premium payable on redemption of the Notes would be treated as interest and subject to the Chilean interest withholding tax, 
as described above). 
A Foreign Holder will not be liable for estate, gift, inheritance or similar taxes with respect to its holdings unless 
Notes held by a Foreign Holder are either located in Chile at the time of such Foreign Holder’s death, or, if the Notes are not 
located in Chile at the time of a Foreign Holder’s death, if such Notes were purchased or acquired with cash obtained from 
Chilean sources.  A Foreign Holder will not be liable for Chilean stamp, registration or similar taxes. 
The issuance of the Notes by the Bank is subject to a 0.8% stamp tax which is payable by us, for term debt exceeding 
a 12-month repayment period.  If the stamp tax is not paid when due, inflation adjustments, interest and fines could apply to 
us.  Until such tax (and any penalty) is paid, Chilean courts will not enforce any action with respect to the Notes.  We have 
agreed, subject to specific exceptions and limitations, to pay any present or future stamp, court or documentary taxes that 
arise in the Republic of Chile from the initial execution, delivery or registration of the Notes or any other document or 
instrument in relation thereto.  See “Description of the Notes—Payment of Additional Amounts.” 
Notes issued by the Miami Branch of the Bank. 
Although from a Chilean legal standpoint the Bank and its Miami branch are one and the same legal entity, based 
on Chilean IRS Ruling No. 3,064 of 1997, solely for purposes of Chilean tax laws, the tax domicile of the issuer of the Notes 
issued by the Miami branch under this program will be deemed to be that of the Miami branch, as if the Miami branch were 
a separate entity. For this reason, and if Notes were to be issued by the Bank, acting through its Miami branch, and solely for 
Chilean tax purposes: (i) interest accrued on the Notes will not be regarded as of a Chilean source and, for that reason, interest 
paid to the investors by the Bank, acting through its Miami branch, will not be subject to Chilean withholding tax, and (ii) no 
other tax will be levied on the issuance of the Notes by the Bank, acting through its Miami Branch; provided, however, that 
such issuance or execution takes place outside of the territory of the Republic of Chile.   
 Based on the foregoing, under current Chilean laws and regulations, no income, stamp or other taxes, levies, 
imposts, deductions, charges, compulsory loans or withholdings shall be imposed, assessed or levied on the investors by 
Chile or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein either:       
            (a)        on or by virtue of the execution, delivery or performance by the Bank, acting through its Miami 
Branch, of the Notes or any other documents to be furnished thereunder, and,  
            (b)        on any payment to be made by the Bank, acting through its Miami Branch, to the investors under the 
Notes. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Miami branch of the Bank is closed, dissolved or liquidated, then (1) the 
obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to be accounted for by the Bank in Chile, and consequently a stamp tax would 
be triggered at a rate of 0.8% on the then outstanding principal amount of the Notes; and (2) payments of interest made by 
the Bank from Chile to a Foreign Holder will be subject to Chilean withholding tax at an effective rate of 4.0%, while 
payments of all other obligations (excluding principal) made by the Bank from Chile may be subject to Chilean withholding 
tax at an effective rate of up to 35.0%. 
United States Federal Income Taxation 
The following is an overview of certain United States federal income tax consequences, as of the date hereof, of the 
acquisition, ownership and disposition of Notes by United States Holders and Non-United States Holders (each as defined 
below).  
This overview deals only with Notes that are held as capital assets, and does not represent a detailed description of 
the United States federal income tax consequences applicable to you if you are subject to special treatment under the United 
States federal income tax laws, including if you are: 
 
a dealer or broker in securities or currencies;  
 
a financial institution; 
 
a regulated investment company;

--- Page 264 ---
252 
 
a real estate investment trust; 
 
a tax-exempt organization; 
 
an insurance company; 
 
a person holding the Notes as part of a hedging, integrated, conversion or constructive sale transaction or a 
straddle; 
 
a trader in securities that has elected the mark-to-market method of accounting for your securities; 
 
a partnership or other pass-through entity for United States federal income tax purposes;  
 
a United States Holder whose “functional currency” is not the U.S. dollar; 
 
a “controlled foreign corporation” or “passive foreign investment company”; or 
 
a United States expatriate. 
This overview is based upon provisions of the Code, final, temporary and proposed United States Treasury 
regulations, administrative pronouncements and rulings, judicial decisions and the income tax treaty between the United 
States and Chile (the “Treaty”), all as of the date hereof.  Those authorities may be changed, perhaps retroactively, so as to 
result in United States federal income tax consequences different from those summarized below.  
The discussion below assumes that all Notes issued under this program will be classified for United States federal 
income tax purposes as our indebtedness and you should note that in the event of an alternative characterization, the tax 
consequences would differ from those discussed below.  In addition, Bearer Notes are subject to special tax rules that are not 
addressed in this discussion. Furthermore, the discussion assumes that for any Notes issued by the Issuer through its branch 
office in Miami, the interest and any OID (as defined below) with respect to such Notes will be treated as United States source 
income. We will summarize any special United States federal tax considerations relevant to a particular issue of the Notes in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
If a partnership (or other entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes) 
holds Notes, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the 
partnership.  If you are a partnership or a partner of a partnership considering an investment in the Notes, you should consult 
your tax advisors. 
This discussion does not contain a detailed description of all the United States federal income tax 
consequences that may be relevant to you in light of your particular circumstances and does not address the Medicare 
contribution tax on net investment income, any alternative minimum tax consequences, the special timing rules 
prescribed under Section 451(b) of the Code, United States federal estate and gift taxes or the effects of any state, local 
or non-United States tax laws.  If you are considering the purchase of Notes, you should consult your own tax advisors 
concerning the particular United States federal income tax consequences to you of the purchase, ownership and 
disposition of the Notes, as well as the consequences to you arising under other United States federal tax laws and the 
laws of any other taxing jurisdiction. 
As used herein, “United States Holder” means a beneficial owner of a Note that is for United States federal income 
tax purposes: 
 
an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; 
 
a corporation (or any other entity treated as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes) created 
or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 
 
an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 
 
a trust if it (1) is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or more United 
States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) has a valid election in

--- Page 265 ---
253 
effect under applicable United States Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person. 
As used herein, “Non-United States Holder” means a beneficial owner of a Note that is neither a United States 
Holder nor a partnership (or other entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax 
purposes). 
Consequences to United States Holders 
Payments of Interest 
Except as set forth below, interest on a Note (which includes any Chilean tax withheld and Additional Amounts paid 
in respect thereof) will generally be taxable to you as ordinary income at the time it is paid or accrued in accordance with 
your method of accounting for United States federal income tax purposes. 
Subject to certain conditions and limitations (including a minimum holding period requirement), Chilean 
withholding taxes on interest may be treated as foreign taxes eligible for credit against your United States federal income tax 
liability.  Interest income (including any Additional Amounts) and any OID on a Note issued through our head office in Chile 
generally will be considered foreign source income and, for purposes of the United States foreign tax credit, generally will 
be considered “passive category” income. However, as mentioned above, for any Notes issued through our Miami branch, 
this discussion assumes that interest and any OID with respect to such Notes will be treated as United States source income.  
Consequently, you may not be able to claim a credit for any Chilean tax imposed upon payments with respect to Notes issued 
through our Miami branch unless such credit can be applied (subject to applicable limitations) against tax due on other income 
treated as derived from foreign sources. In addition, United States Treasury regulations addressing foreign tax credits (the 
“Foreign Tax Credit Regulations”) impose additional requirements for foreign taxes to be eligible for a foreign tax credit, 
and there can be no assurance that those requirements will be satisfied if you do not elect to apply benefits under the Treaty.  
The U.S. Department of the Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) are considering proposing amendments to 
the Foreign Tax Credit Regulations. In addition, recent notices from the IRS provide temporary relief by allowing taxpayers 
that comply with applicable requirements to apply many aspects of the foreign tax credit regulations as they previously existed 
(before the release of the current Foreign Tax Credit Regulations) for taxable years ending before the date that a notice or 
other guidance withdrawing or modifying the temporary relief is issued (or any later date specified in such notice or other 
guidance).  Instead of claiming a foreign tax credit, you may be able to deduct Chilean withholding taxes on interest in 
computing your taxable income, subject to generally applicable limitations under United States law (including that a United 
States Holder is not eligible for a deduction for otherwise creditable foreign income taxes paid or accrued in a taxable year if 
such United States Holder claims a foreign tax credit for any foreign income taxes paid or accrued in the same taxable year). 
The rules governing the foreign tax credit and deductions for foreign taxes are complex.  You are urged to consult your tax 
advisors regarding the Foreign Tax Credit Regulations (and the related temporary relief in the IRS notices) and the availability 
of the foreign tax credit or a deduction under your particular circumstances. 
Original Issue Discount 
If you own Notes issued with original issue discount (“OID” and such Notes, “Original Issue Discount Notes”), 
you will be subject to special tax accounting rules, as described in greater detail below.  In that case, you should be aware 
that you generally must include OID in gross income (as ordinary income), as it accrues in accordance with a constant yield 
method described below, regardless of your method of tax accounting and often in advance of the receipt of cash attributable 
to that income.  However, you generally will not be required to include separately in income cash payments received on the 
Notes, even if denominated as interest, to the extent those payments do not constitute “qualified stated interest,” as defined 
below.  Notice will be given in the applicable Final Terms when we determine that a particular Note will be an Original Issue 
Discount Note. 
Additional OID rules applicable to Foreign Currency Notes are described under “—Foreign Currency Notes” below.  
A Note with an “issue price” that is less than its stated redemption price at maturity (the sum of all payments to be 
made on the Note other than “qualified stated interest”) generally will be issued with OID in an amount equal to that difference 
if that difference is at least 0.25% of the stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to 
maturity or, in the case of an Amortizing Note, the weighted average maturity.  The “issue price” of each Note in a particular 
offering will be the first price at which a substantial amount of that particular offering is sold to the public for cash (excluding 
sales to bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organizations acting in the capacity of underwriter, placement agent or 
wholesaler).  The term “qualified stated interest” means stated interest that is unconditionally payable in cash or in property, 
other than debt instruments of the issuer, and meets all of the following conditions:

--- Page 266 ---
254 
 
it is payable at least once per year; 
 
it is payable over the entire term of the Note; and 
 
it is payable at a single fixed rate or, subject to certain conditions, a rate based on one or more interest indices. 
We will give you notice in the applicable Final Terms when we determine that a particular Note will bear interest 
that is not qualified stated interest.  
If you own a Note issued with de minimis OID, which is discount that is not OID because it is less than 0.25% of 
the stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to maturity (or, in certain cases, the 
weighted average maturity), you generally must include the de minimis OID in income at the time principal payments on the 
Notes are made in proportion to the amount paid.  Any amount of de minimis OID that you have included in income will be 
treated as capital gain. 
Certain of the Notes may contain provisions permitting them to be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at our 
option and/or at your option.  Original Issue Discount Notes containing those features may be subject to rules that differ from 
the general rules discussed herein.  If you are considering the purchase of Original Issue Discount Notes with those features, 
you should carefully examine the applicable Final Terms and should consult your own tax advisors with respect to those 
features since the tax consequences to you with respect to OID will depend, in part, on the particular terms and features of 
the Notes. 
If you own Original Issue Discount Notes with a maturity upon issuance of more than one year, you generally must 
include OID in income in advance of the receipt of some or all of the related cash payments using the “constant yield method” 
described in the following paragraphs.  
The amount of OID that you must include in income if you are the initial holder of an Original Issue Discount Note 
is the sum of the “daily portions” of OID with respect to the Note for each day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable 
year in which you held that Note (“accrued OID”).  The daily portion is determined by allocating to each day in any “accrual 
period” a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period.  The “accrual period” for an Original Issue Discount 
Note may be of any length and may vary in length over the term of the Note, provided that each accrual period is no longer 
than one year and each scheduled payment of principal or interest occurs on the first day or the final day of an accrual period.  
The amount of OID allocable to any accrual period other than the final accrual period is an amount equal to the excess, if 
any, of: 
 
the Note’s “adjusted issue price” at the beginning of the accrual period multiplied by its yield to maturity, 
determined on the basis of compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted for the length 
of the accrual period, over 
 
the aggregate of all qualified stated interest allocable to the accrual period.  
OID allocable to a final accrual period is the difference between the amount payable at maturity, other than a payment 
of qualified stated interest, and the adjusted issue price at the beginning of the final accrual period.  Special rules will apply 
for calculating OID for an initial short accrual period.  The “adjusted issue price” of a Note at the beginning of any accrual 
period is equal to its issue price increased by the accrued OID for each prior accrual period, determined without regard to the 
amortization of any acquisition or bond premium, as described below, and reduced by any payments previously made on the 
Note other than a payment of qualified stated interest.  Under these rules, you generally will have to include in income 
increasingly greater amounts of OID in successive accrual periods.   
Floating Rate Notes are subject to special OID rules.  In the case of an Original Issue Discount Note that is a Floating 
Rate Note, the “yield to maturity” and “qualified stated interest” will be determined solely for purposes of calculating the 
accrual of OID as though the Note will bear interest in all periods at a fixed rate generally equal to the rate that would be 
applicable to interest payments on the Note on its date of issue or, in the case of certain Floating Rate Notes, the rate that 
reflects the yield to maturity that is reasonably expected for the Note.  Additional rules may apply if either: 
 
the interest on a Floating Rate Note is based on more than one interest index; or 
 
the principal amount of the Note is indexed in any manner.

--- Page 267 ---
255 
The discussion above generally does not address Notes providing for contingent payments.  You should carefully 
examine the applicable Final Terms regarding the United States federal income tax consequences of the ownership and 
disposition of any Notes providing for contingent payments. 
You may elect to treat all interest on any Note as OID and calculate the amount includible in gross income under 
the constant yield method described above.  For purposes of this election, interest includes stated interest, acquisition discount, 
OID, de minimis OID, market discount, de minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortizable 
bond premium or acquisition premium.  You should consult with your own tax advisors about this election. 
Short-Term Notes 
In the case of Notes having a term of one year or less after taking into account the last possible date the Notes could 
be outstanding under their terms (“Short-Term Notes”), all payments, including all stated interest, will be included in the 
stated redemption price at maturity and will not be qualified stated interest.  As a result, you will generally be taxed on the 
discount instead of stated interest.  The discount will be equal to the excess of the stated redemption price at maturity over 
the issue price of a Short-Term Note, unless you elect to compute this discount using tax basis instead of issue price.  In 
general, cash method United States Holders of Short-Term Notes are not required to include accrued discount in their income 
currently unless they elect to do so, but may be required to include stated interest in income as the income is received.  United 
States Holders that report income for United States federal income tax purposes on the accrual method and certain other 
United States Holders are required to accrue discount on Short-Term Notes (as ordinary income) on a straight-line basis, 
unless an election is made to accrue the discount according to a constant yield method based on daily compounding.  If you 
are not required, and do not elect, to include discount in income currently, any gain you realize on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other taxable disposition of a Short-Term Note will generally be ordinary income to you to the extent of the 
discount accrued by you through the date of the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition.  In addition, if you 
do not elect to currently include accrued discount in income, you may be required to defer deductions for a portion of your 
interest expense with respect to any indebtedness attributable to the Short-Term Notes. 
Market Discount 
If you purchase a Note (other than a Short-Term Note) for an amount that is less than its stated redemption price at 
maturity (or, in the case of an Original Issue Discount Note, its adjusted issue price), the amount of the difference generally 
will be treated as “market discount” for United States federal income tax purposes, unless that difference is less than a 
specified de minimis amount.  Under the market discount rules, you will be required to treat any principal payment on, or any 
gain on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of, a Note as ordinary income to the extent of the market 
discount that you have not previously included in income and are treated as having accrued on the Note at the time of the 
payment or disposition. Any amount treated as ordinary income pursuant to the market discount rules should be treated as 
foreign source income for Notes issued through our head office in Chile or United States source income for Notes issued 
through our Miami branch. 
In addition, you may be required to defer, until the maturity of the Note or its earlier disposition in a taxable 
transaction, the deduction of all or a portion of the interest expense on any indebtedness attributable to the Note.  You may 
elect, on a Note-by-Note basis, to deduct the deferred interest expense in a tax year prior to the year of disposition.  You 
should consult your own tax advisors before making this election. 
Any market discount will be considered to accrue ratably during the period from the date of acquisition to the 
maturity date of the Note, unless you elect to accrue on a constant-yield method.  You may elect to include market discount 
in income currently as it accrues, on either a ratable or constant-yield method, in which case the rule described above regarding 
deferral of interest deductions will not apply. Special rules will apply in determining the accrual of market discount for 
Amortizing Notes. An election to accrue market discount on a current basis will apply to all debt instruments acquired with 
market discount that you acquire on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the election applies.  The election 
may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Acquisition Premium, Amortizable Bond Premium 
If you purchase an Original Issue Discount Note for an amount that is greater than its adjusted issue price but equal 
to or less than the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date other than payments of qualified stated 
interest, you will be considered to have purchased that Note at an “acquisition premium.” Under the acquisition premium 
rules, the amount of OID that you must include in gross income with respect to the Note for any taxable year will be reduced 
by the portion of the acquisition premium properly allocable to that year.

--- Page 268 ---
256 
If you purchase a Note (including an Original Issue Discount Note) for an amount in excess of the sum of all amounts 
payable on the Note after the purchase date other than qualified stated interest, you will be considered to have purchased the 
Note with “amortizable bond premium” and, if it is an Original Issue Discount Note, you will not be required to include any 
OID in income.  You generally may elect to amortize the premium over the remaining term of the Note on a constant-yield 
method as an offset to interest when includible in income under your regular accounting method.  If you elect to amortize the 
premium, you must reduce your tax basis in a Note by the amount of the premium amortized during your holding period.  In 
addition, if the Note has an optional redemption feature, special rules will apply that may reduce, eliminate or defer the 
amount of bond premium that you may amortize.  If you do not elect to amortize bond premium, that premium will decrease 
the gain or increase the loss you would otherwise recognize on retirement or other disposition of the Note.  An election to 
amortize bond premium applies to all taxable debt obligations held by you at the beginning of the first taxable year to which 
the election applies or thereafter acquired, and may be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. 
Sale, Exchange, Retirement or other Taxable Disposition of Notes 
Your adjusted tax basis in a Note will, in general, be your cost for that Note, increased by OID, market discount or 
any discount with respect to a Short-Term Note that you previously included in income, and reduced by any amortized 
premium and any cash payments on the Note other than qualified stated interest.  Upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other 
taxable disposition of a Note, you will recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount you realize upon 
the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition (less an amount equal to any accrued but unpaid qualified stated 
interest, which will be taxable as interest income to the extent not previously included in income) and your adjusted tax basis 
in the Note.  Except as described above with respect to Short-Term Notes or market discount, or with respect to gain or loss 
attributable to changes in exchange rates as discussed below with respect to Foreign Currency Notes, that gain or loss will be 
capital gain or loss and will generally be long-term capital gain or loss if you have held the Note for more than one year at 
the time of the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition.  Long-term capital gains of non-corporate holders 
(including individuals) are eligible for reduced rates of taxation.  The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.   
Except as described above with respect to market discount, gain or loss recognized by you on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other taxable disposition of a Note will generally be treated as United States source gain or loss (although if 
you elect to apply benefits under the Treaty, you may be able to treat any premium paid upon a redemption of a Note as 
foreign source income). Consequently, you may not be able to claim a foreign tax credit for any Chilean tax imposed upon a 
disposition of a Note unless such credit can be applied (subject to applicable limitations) against tax due on other income 
treated as derived from foreign sources. However, pursuant to the Foreign Tax Credit Regulations, unless you elect to apply 
benefits under the Treaty, any such Chilean tax would generally not be a foreign income tax eligible for a foreign tax credit 
(regardless of any other income that you may have that is derived from foreign sources).  In such case, the non-creditable 
Chilean tax may reduce the amount realized on the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of the Note.  As 
discussed above, however, recent notices from the IRS provide temporary relief by allowing taxpayers that comply with 
applicable requirements to apply many aspects of the foreign tax credit regulations as they previously existed (before the 
release of the current Foreign Tax Credit Regulations) for taxable years ending before the date that a notice or other guidance 
withdrawing or modifying the temporary relief is issued (or any later date specified in such notice or other guidance). If a 
Chilean tax is imposed on the the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Note and you apply such 
temporary relief, such Chilean tax may be  eligible for  a foreign tax credit or deduction, subject to the applicable conditions 
and limitations.  You are urged to consult your tax advisors regarding the Foreign Tax Credit Regulations (and the related 
temporary relief in the IRS notices) and the availability of the foreign tax credit or a deduction under your particular 
circumstances. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
Payments of Interest 
If you receive payments of qualified stated interest made in a currency other than U.S. dollars (“foreign currency”) 
and you use the cash basis method of accounting for United States federal income tax purposes, you will be required to 
include in income the U.S. dollar value of the amount received, determined by translating the foreign currency received at 
the spot rate for such foreign currency on the date such payment is received regardless of whether the payment is in fact 
converted into U.S. dollars.  You will not recognize exchange gain or loss with respect to the receipt of such payment.  
If you use the accrual method of accounting for United States federal income tax purposes, you may determine the 
amount of income recognized with respect to such interest in accordance with either of two methods.  Under the first method, 
you will be required to include in income for each taxable year the U.S. dollar value of the interest that has accrued during 
such year, determined by translating such interest at the average rate of exchange for the period or periods during which such

--- Page 269 ---
257 
interest accrued or, with respect to an accrual period that spans two taxable years, at the average rate for the partial period 
within the taxable year.  Under the second method, you may elect to translate interest income at the spot rate on: 
 
the last day of the accrual period, 
 
the last day of the taxable year if the accrual period straddles your taxable year, or 
 
the date the interest payment is received if such date is within five business days of the end of the accrual period.  
If you make such election, then you must apply it consistently to all debt instruments from year to year and cannot 
change the election without the consent of the IRS. 
In addition, if you use the accrual method of accounting, upon receipt of an interest payment on a Note (including, 
upon the sale or other disposition of a Note, the receipt of proceeds that include amounts attributable to accrued interest 
previously included in income), you will recognize exchange gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the 
U.S. dollar value of such payment (determined by translating the foreign currency received at the spot rate for such foreign 
currency on the date such payment is received) and the U.S. dollar value of the interest income you previously included in 
income with respect to such payment.  Any such exchange gain or loss will be treated as ordinary income or loss and generally 
will be United States source gain or loss. 
Original Issue Discount 
OID on a Note that is also a Foreign Currency Note will be determined for any accrual period in the applicable 
foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars, in the same manner as interest income accrued by a holder on the 
accrual basis, as described above.  You will recognize exchange gain or loss, which is generally United States source ordinary 
income or loss, when OID is paid (including, upon the sale or other disposition of a Note, the receipt of proceeds that include 
amounts attributable to OID previously included in income) to the extent of the difference between the U.S. dollar value of 
such payment (determined by translating the foreign currency received at the spot rate for such foreign currency on the date 
such payment is received) and the U.S. dollar value of the accrued OID (determined in the same manner as for accrued 
interest).  For these purposes, all receipts on a Note will be viewed: 
 
first, as the receipt of any qualified stated interest payments called for under the terms of the Note, 
 
second, as receipts of previously accrued OID (to the extent thereof), with payments considered made for the 
earliest accrual periods first, and 
 
third, as the receipt of principal.  
Market Discount and Bond Premium  
You will accrue market discount on Foreign Currency Notes in the foreign currency.  The amount of market discount 
on Foreign Currency Notes includible in income will generally be determined by translating the market discount determined 
in the foreign currency into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date the Foreign Currency Note is retired or otherwise disposed 
of.  If you have elected to accrue market discount currently, then the amount which accrues is determined in the foreign 
currency and then translated into U.S. dollars on the basis of the average exchange rate in effect during the accrual period.  
You will recognize exchange gain or loss, which is generally United States source ordinary income or loss, with respect to 
market discount which is accrued currently using the approach applicable to the accrual of interest income as described above.  
Bond premium on a Foreign Currency Note will be computed in the applicable foreign currency.  If you have elected 
to amortize the premium, the amortizable bond premium will reduce interest income in the applicable foreign currency.  At 
the time bond premium is amortized, exchange gain or loss, which is generally United States source ordinary income or loss, 
will be realized based on the difference between spot rates at such time and the time of acquisition of the Foreign Currency 
Note. 
Sale, Exchange, Retirement or other Taxable Disposition of Foreign Currency Notes 
Upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Note, you will recognize gain 
or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition 
(less an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid qualified stated interest, which will be treated as a payment of interest for

--- Page 270 ---
258 
United States federal income tax purposes) and your adjusted tax basis in the Foreign Currency Note.  Your initial tax basis 
in a Foreign Currency Note generally will be your U.S. dollar cost.  If you purchased a Foreign Currency Note with foreign 
currency, your cost generally will be the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency amount paid for such Foreign Currency 
Note determined at the time of such purchase.  If your Foreign Currency Note is sold, exchanged, retired or disposed of for 
an amount denominated in foreign currency, then your amount realized generally will be based on the spot rate of the foreign 
currency on the date of the sale, exchange, retirement or other disposition.  If you are a cash method taxpayer and the Foreign 
Currency Notes are traded on an established securities market for United States federal income tax purposes, foreign currency 
paid or received is translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the settlement date of the purchase or sale.  An accrual 
method taxpayer may elect the same treatment with respect to the purchase and sale of Foreign Currency Notes traded on an 
established securities market, provided that the election is applied consistently.  
Except as described above with respect to Short-Term Notes or market discount, and subject to the foreign currency 
rules discussed below, any gain or loss recognized upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a 
Foreign Currency Note will be capital gain or loss and will generally be long-term capital gain or loss if at the time of the 
sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition, the Foreign Currency Note has been held for more than one year.  
Long-term capital gains of non-corporate holders (including individuals) are eligible for reduced rates of taxation.  The 
deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.   
Except as described above with respect to market discount, gain or loss recognized by you on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Note will generally be treated as United States source gain or 
loss (although if you elect to apply benefits under the Treaty, you may be able to treat any premium paid upon a redemption 
of a Foreign Currency Note as foreign source income). Consequently, you may not be able to claim a foreign tax credit for 
any Chilean tax imposed upon a disposition of a Foreign Currency Note unless such credit can be applied (subject to 
applicable limitations) against tax due on other income treated as derived from foreign sources. However, pursuant to the 
Foreign Tax Credit Regulations, unless you elect to apply benefits under the Treaty, any such Chilean tax would generally 
not be a foreign income tax eligible for a foreign tax credit (regardless of any other income that you may have that is derived 
from foreign sources).  In such case, the non-creditable Chilean tax may reduce the amount realized on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other taxable disposition of the Foreign Currency Note.  As discussed above, however, recent notices from the 
IRS provide temporary relief by allowing taxpayers that comply with applicable requirements to apply many aspects of the 
foreign tax credit regulations as they previously existed (before the release of the current Foreign Tax Credit Regulations) for 
taxable years ending before the date that a notice or other guidance withdrawing or modifying the temporary relief is issued 
(or any later date specified in such notice or other guidance). If a Chilean tax is imposed on the the sale, exchange, retirement 
or other taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Note and you apply such temporary relief, such Chilean tax may be  eligible 
for  a foreign tax credit or deduction, subject to the applicable conditions and limitations.  You are urged to consult your tax 
advisors regarding the Foreign Tax Credit Regulations (and the related temporary relief in the IRS notices) and the availability 
of the foreign tax credit or a deduction under your particular circumstances. 
A portion of your gain or loss with respect to the principal amount of a Foreign Currency Note may be treated as 
exchange gain or loss.  Exchange gain or loss will be treated as ordinary income or loss and generally will be United States 
source gain or loss.  For these purposes, the principal amount of the Foreign Currency Note is your purchase price for the 
Foreign Currency Note calculated in the foreign currency on the date of purchase, and the amount of exchange gain or loss 
recognized is equal to the difference between (i) the U.S. dollar value of the principal amount determined at the spot rate on 
the date payment is received or the Foreign Currency Note is disposed of (or deemed disposed of) and (ii) the U.S. dollar 
value of the principal amount determined at the spot rate on the date you acquired the Foreign Currency Note (or are deemed 
to acquire the Foreign Currency Note).  The amount of exchange gain or loss realized on the disposition of the Foreign 
Currency Note (with respect to both principal and accrued interest) will be limited to the amount of overall gain or loss 
realized on the disposition of the Foreign Currency Note.  
Exchange Gain or Loss with Respect to Foreign Currency 
Your tax basis in the foreign currency received as interest on a Foreign Currency Note, or on the sale, exchange, 
retirement or other taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Note, will be the U.S. dollar value thereof at the spot rate in 
effect on the date the foreign currency is received.  Any gain or loss recognized by you on a sale, exchange or other taxable 
disposition of the foreign currency will be ordinary income or loss and generally will be United States source gain or loss.  
Certain Payment Elections 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms for a Foreign Currency Note, a holder may elect subsequent to the 
issuance thereof to have future payments under such Note paid in U.S. dollars or we may elect for such Note to be

--- Page 271 ---
259 
redenominated in Euro.  United States Holders considering the purchase of any such Foreign Currency Notes should carefully 
examine the applicable Final Terms and should consult their own tax advisors regarding the United States federal income tax 
consequences of the ownership and disposition of such Foreign Currency Notes. 
Dual Currency Notes 
If so specified in an applicable Final Terms relating to a Foreign Currency Note, we may have the option to make 
all payments of principal and interest scheduled after the exercise of such option in a currency other than the specified 
currency.  Applicable United States Treasury regulations generally (i) apply the principles contained in the regulations 
governing contingent payment debt instruments to Dual Currency Notes in the “predominant currency” of the Dual Currency 
Notes and (ii) apply the rules discussed above with respect to Foreign Currency Notes with OID for the translation of interest 
and principal into U.S. dollars.  If you are considering the purchase of Dual Currency Notes, you should carefully examine 
the applicable Final Terms and should consult your own tax advisors regarding the United States federal income tax 
consequences of the ownership and disposition of such Notes. 
Reportable Transactions  
Treasury regulations issued under the Code meant to require the reporting of certain tax shelter transactions could 
be interpreted to cover transactions generally not regarded as tax shelters, including certain foreign currency transactions.  
Under the Treasury regulations, certain transactions are required to be reported to the IRS, including, in certain circumstances, 
a sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Note or foreign currency received in respect 
of a Foreign Currency Note to the extent that such sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition results in a tax loss 
in excess of a threshold amount, which differs depending on the status of the United States Holder.  If you are considering 
the purchase of Foreign Currency Notes, you should consult with your own tax advisors to determine the tax return 
obligations, if any, with respect to such an investment, including any requirement to file IRS Form 8886 (Reportable 
Transaction Disclosure Statement). 
Indexed Notes and Other Notes Providing for Contingent Payments 
The tax treatment of a United States Holder that owns Indexed Notes or Notes that otherwise provide for contingent 
payments will depend on factors including the specific index or indices used to determine any indexed payments on the Notes 
and the amount and timing of any contingent payments of principal and interest.  United States Holders of such Notes may 
be required to accrue interest income in respect of such Notes on a constant-yield basis at a yield determined at the time of 
their issuance, and adjustments to such accruals may be required when any contingent payments are made.  United States 
Holders considering the purchase of Indexed Notes or Notes that provide for contingent payments should carefully examine 
the applicable Final Terms and should consult their own tax advisors regarding the United States federal income tax 
consequences of the ownership and disposition of such Notes. 
Specified Foreign Financial Assets 
Individual United States Holders that own “specified foreign financial assets” with an aggregate value in excess of 
$50,000 on the last day of the taxable year or $75,000 at any time during the taxable year are generally required to file an 
information statement along with their tax returns, currently on IRS Form 8938, with respect to such assets.  “Specified 
foreign financial assets” include any financial accounts held at a non-U.S. financial institution, as well as securities issued by 
a non-U.S. issuer that are not held in accounts maintained by financial institutions.  Higher reporting thresholds apply to 
certain individuals living abroad and to certain married individuals.  Regulations extend this reporting requirement to certain 
entities that are treated as formed or availed of to hold direct or indirect interests in specified foreign financial assets based 
on certain objective criteria.  United States Holders who fail to report the required information could be subject to substantial 
penalties.  In addition, the statute of limitations for assessment of tax would be suspended, in whole or in part.  You are urged 
to consult your tax advisors regarding the application of these rules to your investment in the Notes, including the application 
of the rules to your particular circumstances. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
In general, information reporting requirements will apply to payments of interest and principal on the Notes, accruals 
of OID (if any) and the proceeds of the sale or other taxable disposition of a Note paid to you (unless you establish that you 
are an exempt recipient).  A backup withholding tax may apply to such payments if you fail to provide a taxpayer identification 
number and a certification that you are not subject to backup withholding or if you fail to report in full dividend and interest 
income.

--- Page 272 ---
260 
Backup withholding is not an additional tax and any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be 
allowed as a refund or a credit against your United States federal income tax liability provided the required information is 
timely furnished to the IRS. 
Consequences to Non-United States Holders 
United States Federal Withholding Tax 
 
Subject to the discussions of backup withholding and FATCA below, payments of interest (which, for purposes of 
the discussion of Non-United States Holders, includes any OID) on Notes issued through our head office in Chile will not be 
subject to United States federal withholding tax. 
Subject to the discussions of backup withholding and FATCA below, payments of interest on Notes issued through 
our Miami branch will not be subject to United States federal withholding tax under the “portfolio interest rule,” provided 
that: 
 
interest paid on the Notes is not effectively connected with your conduct of a trade or business in the United 
States; 
 
you do not actually or constructively own 10% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of our 
voting stock within the meaning of the Code and applicable United States Treasury regulations; 
 
you are not a controlled foreign corporation that is actually or constructively related to us through stock 
ownership; 
 
the interest is not considered contingent interest under Section 871(h)(4)(A) of the Code and the United States 
Treasury regulations thereunder; and 
 
either (a) you provide your name and address on an applicable IRS Form W-8, and certify, under penalties of 
perjury, that you are not a United States person as defined under the Code or (b) you hold your Notes through 
certain foreign intermediaries and satisfy the certification requirements of applicable United States Treasury 
regulations. Special certification rules apply to Non-United States Holders that are pass-through entities rather 
than corporations or individuals. 
If you cannot satisfy the requirements described above, payments of interest made to you on Notes issued through 
our Miami branch will be subject to a 30% United States federal withholding tax, unless you provide the applicable 
withholding agent with a properly executed: 
 
IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E (or other applicable form) claiming an exemption from or reduction 
in withholding under the benefit of an applicable income tax treaty; or  
 
IRS Form W-8ECI (or other applicable form) certifying that interest paid on the Notes is not subject to 
withholding tax because it is effectively connected with your conduct of a trade or business in the United States 
(as discussed below under “—United States Federal Income Tax”). 
United States Federal Income Tax 
If you are engaged in a trade or business in the United States and interest on the Notes is effectively connected with 
the conduct of that trade or business (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a United States 
permanent establishment or fixed base), then you generally will be subject to United States federal income tax on that interest 
on a net income basis in the same manner as if you were a United States person as defined under the Code (although you will 
be exempt from the 30% United States federal withholding tax described above for Notes issued through our Miami branch, 
provided the certification requirements discussed above in “—United States Federal Withholding Tax” are satisfied). In 
addition, if you are a foreign corporation, you may be subject to a branch profits tax equal to 30% (or a lower applicable 
income tax treaty rate) of your effectively connected earnings and profits, subject to adjustments. 
Subject to the discussion of backup withholding below, any gain realized on the sale, exchange, retirement or other 
taxable disposition of a Note generally will not be subject to United States federal income tax unless:

--- Page 273 ---
261 
 
the gain is effectively connected with your conduct of a trade or business in the United States (and, if required 
by an applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a United States permanent establishment or fixed base), in 
which case such gain generally will be subject to United States federal income tax (and possibly branch profits 
tax) in the same manner as effectively connected interest as described above; or 
 
you are an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of that 
disposition and certain other conditions are met, in which case, unless an applicable income tax treaty provides 
otherwise, you generally will be subject to a 30% United States federal income tax on any gain recognized, 
which may be offset by certain United States source losses. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Generally, the amount of interest (including any OID) paid to you with respect to Notes issued through our Miami 
branch and the amount of tax, if any, withheld with respect to those payments will be reported to the IRS. Copies of the 
information returns reporting such interest payments and any withholding may also be made available to the tax authorities 
in the country in which you reside under the provisions of an applicable income tax treaty or agreement. You generally will 
not be subject to any other information reporting or backup withholding with respect to payments of interest and principal on 
the Notes or the proceeds of a sale or other taxable disposition of the Notes. If, however, amounts are paid within the United 
States or through certain United States-related financial intermediaries, information reporting and backup withholding may 
apply unless you certify to the applicable withholding agent under penalties of perjury that you are a Non-United States 
Holder (and the applicable withholding agent does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that you are a United States 
person as defined under the Code), or you otherwise establish an exemption. 
Backup withholding is not an additional tax and any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be 
allowed as a refund or a credit against your United States federal income tax liability provided the required information is 
timely furnished to the IRS. 
FATCA 
Under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (such Sections commonly referred to as “FATCA”), certain entities 
in a broadly defined class of foreign financial institutions (“FFIs”) may be subject to a 30% United States withholding tax 
on certain United States source payments made to the FFI (whether such FFI is the beneficial owner or an intermediary) 
unless the FFI is a “participating FFI,” which is generally defined as an FFI that (i) enters into an agreement with the IRS 
pursuant to which it agrees to comply with a complicated and expansive reporting regime, (ii) complies with the requirements 
of an intergovernmental agreement entered into by the United States and another jurisdiction regarding the implementation 
of FATCA (an “IGA”) or (iii) is otherwise deemed compliant with or exempt from FATCA.  
The FATCA legislation also contains complex provisions requiring certain participating FFIs to withhold on certain 
“foreign passthru payments” made to FFIs that are not participating FFIs or otherwise exempt from FATCA withholding and 
to holders that fail to provide the information required by FATCA.  Although the definition of a “foreign passthru payment” 
is still reserved under current regulations, the term generally refers to payments that are from non-United States sources but 
that are “attributable to” certain United States payments.  Debt obligations giving rise to foreign passthru payments will 
generally not be subject to withholding tax under FATCA if such obligations are issued on or prior to the date which is six 
months after the publication of final regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment.  In addition, if applicable, 
withholding on foreign passthru payments would not be required with respect to payments made before the date which is two 
years after the publication of final regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment.  It is unclear whether or to what 
extent payments on the Notes would be considered foreign passthru payments that are subject to withholding under FATCA.  
However, interest (including any OID) with respect to Notes issued through our Miami branch will be treated as 
United States source income that is potentially subject to the 30% FATCA withholding tax if paid to an FFI (as described 
above).  The 30% FATCA withholding tax may also apply to any such payments that are made to a “non-financial foreign 
entity” (as specifically defined in the Code and whether such non-financial foreign entity is the beneficial owner or an 
intermediary) which does not provide sufficient documentation, typically on IRS Form W-8BEN-E, evidencing either (i) an 
exemption from FATCA, or (ii) adequate information regarding certain substantial United States beneficial owners of such 
entity (if any). If an interest payment is both subject to withholding under FATCA and subject to the withholding tax discussed 
above under “—Consequences to Non-United States Holders—United States Federal Withholding Tax,” an applicable 
withholding agent may credit the withholding under FATCA against, and therefore reduce, such other withholding tax. While 
withholding under FATCA would also have applied to payments of gross proceeds from the sale or other taxable disposition

--- Page 274 ---
262 
of the Notes issued through our Miami branch, proposed United States Treasury regulations (upon which taxpayers may rely 
until final regulations are issued) eliminate FATCA withholding on payments of gross proceeds entirely.  
On March 5, 2014, the United States and Chile entered into an IGA to implement the foregoing requirements.  The 
IGA is intended to result in the automatic exchange of tax information through reporting by FFIs to the IRS.  Prospective 
investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of the FATCA rules to an investment in the Notes. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax 
The European Commission has published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a Directive for a common 
financial transactions tax (“FTT”) in Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia 
and Spain (the “participating Member States”).  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a 
financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State.  A financial institution may be, or 
be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting 
with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings 
is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the legality of the proposal is 
uncertain.  It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate and/or certain of the participating Member States may decide to withdraw.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
United Kingdom Provision of Information Requirements 
The comments below are of a general nature and are based on current UK tax law as applied in England and 
published practice of HM Revenue & Customs (“HMRC”), the UK tax authorities.  Such law may be repealed, revoked or 
modified and such practice may not bind HMRC and/or may change (in each case, possibly with retrospective effect), 
resulting in UK tax consequences different from those discussed below.  The comments below deal only with UK rules 
relating to information that may need to be provided to HMRC in connection with the Notes.  They do not deal with any other 
UK tax consequences of acquiring, owning or disposing of the Notes.  Each prospective investor should seek advice based 
on its particular circumstances from an independent tax adviser. 
Information relating to the Notes may be required to be provided to HMRC in certain circumstances.  This may 
include (but is not limited to) information relating to the value of the Notes, amounts paid or credited with respect to the 
Notes, details of the holders or the beneficial owners of the Notes (or the persons for whom the Notes are held), details of the 
persons who exercise control over entities that are, or are treated as, holders of the Notes, details of the persons to whom 
payments derived from the Notes are or may be paid and information and documents in connection with transactions relating 
to the Notes.  Information may be required to be provided by, amongst others, the Issuer, the holders of the Notes, persons 
by or through whom payments derived from the Notes are made or credited or who receive such payments (or who would be 
entitled to receive such payments if they were made), persons who effect or are a party to transactions relating to the Notes 
on behalf of others and certain registrars or administrators.  Accordingly, in order to enable these requirements to be met, 
holders of the Notes may be required to provide information to the Issuer or to other persons.  In certain circumstances, the 
information obtained by HMRC may be exchanged with tax authorities in other countries. 
The above overview is not intended to constitute a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the 
ownership of Notes.  Prospective purchasers of Notes should consult their own tax advisors concerning the tax consequences 
of their particular situations.

--- Page 275 ---
263 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
The following is an overview of certain considerations associated with the purchase of the Notes by (i) “employee 
benefit plans” within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
(“ERISA”) that are subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) plans, individual retirement accounts and other arrangements that are 
subject to Section 4975 of the Code or provisions under any other U.S. or non-U.S. federal, state, local or other laws or 
regulations that are similar to such provisions of ERISA or the Code (collectively, “Similar Laws”), and (iii) entities whose 
underlying assets are considered to include the assets of any of the foregoing described in clauses (i) and (ii) (each of the 
foregoing described in clause (i), (ii) and (iii) referred to herein as  a “Plan”). 
General Fiduciary Matters 
ERISA and the Code impose certain duties on persons who are fiduciaries of a Plan subject to Title I of ERISA or 
Section 4975 of the Code (a “Covered Plan”) and prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of a Covered Plan and its 
fiduciaries or other interested parties.  Under ERISA and the Code, any person who exercises any discretionary authority or 
control over the administration of such a Covered Plan or the management or disposition of the assets of such a Covered Plan, 
or who renders investment advice for a fee or other compensation to such a Covered Plan, is generally considered to be a 
fiduciary of the Covered Plan.  In considering an investment in the Notes of a portion of the assets of any Plan, a fiduciary 
should determine whether the investment is in accordance with the documents and instruments governing the Plan and the 
applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code or any Similar Law relating to a fiduciary’s duties to the Plan including, without 
limitation, the prudence, diversification, delegation of control and prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA, the Code and 
any other applicable Similar Laws. 
Prohibited Transaction Issues 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit Covered Plans from engaging in specified transactions 
involving plan assets with persons or entities who are “parties in interest,” within the meaning of ERISA, or “disqualified 
persons,” within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code, unless an exemption is available.  A party in interest or disqualified 
person who engaged in a non-exempt prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities 
under ERISA and the Code.  In addition, the fiduciary of the Covered Plan that engaged in such a non-exempt prohibited 
transaction may be subject to penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code.  The acquisition and/or holding of the Notes  
by a Covered Plan with respect to which the Issuer, a Dealer or any of their respective affiliates is considered to be a party in 
interest or a disqualified person may constitute or result in a direct or indirect prohibited transaction under Section 406 of 
ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code, unless the investment is acquired and held in accordance with an applicable statutory, 
class or individual prohibited transaction exemption.  Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions of 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code may apply depending in part on the type of Covered Plan fiduciary 
making the decision to acquire a Note and the circumstances under which that decision is made.  Included among these 
exemptions are: Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 91-38 (relating to transactions involving bank collective 
investment funds), PTCE 84-14 (relating to transactions effected by a “qualified professional asset manager”), PTCE 90-1 
(relating to transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTCE 95-60 (relating to transactions 
involving insurance company general accounts), PTCE 96-23 (relating to transactions determined by an in-house asset 
manager), and limited exemptions provided by Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code for the 
purchase and sale of the Notes and related lending transactions, provided that neither the Issuer, any Dealer nor any of their 
respective affiliates has or exercises any discretionary authority or control or render any investment advice with respect to 
the assets of the Covered Plan involved in the transaction and provided further that the Covered Plan pays no more, and 
receives no less, than adequate consideration in connection with the transaction.  Fiduciaries of a Covered Plan considering 
acquiring and/or holding Notes in reliance on these or any other exemption should carefully review the exemption in 
consultation with its legal advisors to ensure it is applicable.  There can be no assurance that any of the foregoing exemptions 
or any other exemption will be available with respect to the purchase and holding of Notes, or that all of the conditions of 
any such exemption will be satisfied.  
Plans such as non-U.S. plans, governmental plans and certain church plans, while not necessarily subject to the 
fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA or the prohibited transaction provisions of Title I of ERISA and Section 
4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to Similar Laws. Fiduciaries of any such Plans should consult with their legal 
advisors before purchasing or holding the Notes to determine the need for, and the availability of, any exemptive relief under 
any applicable Similar Law. 
By acceptance of a Note (or any interest therein), each purchaser and subsequent transferee of a Note will be deemed 
to have represented and warranted that either (i) no portion of the assets used by such purchaser or transferee to acquire or

--- Page 276 ---
264 
hold the Notes (or any interest therein) constitutes assets of any Plan or (ii) the purchase and holding of the Notes (or any 
interest therein) by such purchaser or transferee will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under 
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a similar violation under any applicable Similar Laws. 
The foregoing discussion is general in nature and is not intended to be all inclusive.  Due to the complexity of these 
rules and the penalties that may be imposed upon persons involved in non-exempt prohibited transactions, it is particularly 
important that fiduciaries, or other persons considering purchasing the Notes on behalf of, or with the assets of, any Plan, 
consult with their counsel regarding the potential applicability of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Code and any Similar Laws to 
such investment and whether an exemption would be applicable to the purchase and holding of the Notes.  
Purchasers of the Notes have the exclusive responsibility for ensuring that their purchase and holding of the Notes 
complies with the fiduciary responsibility rules of ERISA and does not violate the prohibited transaction rules of ERISA, the 
Code or applicable Similar Laws.  Neither this discussion nor anything provided in this Prospectus is, or is intended to be, 
investment advice directed at any potential Plan purchaser or at Plan purchasers generally and such purchasers of any Notes 
(or interests therein) should consult and rely on their own counsel and advisers as to whether an investment in the Notes is 
suitable for the Plan.

--- Page 277 ---
265 
SPECIAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO FOREIGN CURRENCY NOTES 
General 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply to Foreign Currency 
Notes which are in addition to, and to the extent inconsistent therewith replace, the description of general terms and provisions 
of the Notes set forth elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Payments on Foreign Currency Notes 
Purchasers are required to pay for the Notes in the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In certain 
jurisdictions, there may be limited facilities for conversion of home currencies into foreign currencies, and vice versa.  In 
addition, in certain jurisdictions, many banks may not offer foreign currency denominated checking or savings account 
facilities. 
Payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on each Note will be made in immediately available 
funds in the Specified Currency unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms and except as provided under “—
Changing the Specified Currency of Foreign Currency Notes.” 
If so provided in the applicable Final Terms, a holder of the equivalent of US$1,000,000 or more aggregate principal 
amount of a definitive Registered Note denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars may elect subsequent 
to the issuance thereof that future payments be converted, or not be converted, as the case may be, at the Market Exchange 
Rate to U.S. Dollars by transmitting a written request for such payments to the relevant Paying Agent on or prior to the 
Regular Record Date or at least 16 days prior to maturity or earlier redemption or repayment, as the case may be.  Such 
request shall include appropriate payment instructions and shall be in writing (mail or hand delivered) or by cable, telex or 
facsimile transmission.  A holder may elect to receive all future payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest in either 
the Specified Currency or in U.S. Dollars, as specified in the written request, and need not file a separate election for each 
payment.  Such election will remain in effect until revoked by a subsequent election made in the manner and at the times 
prescribed in this paragraph.  Owners of beneficial interests in permanent global Notes or holders of definitive Bearer Notes 
should contact their broker or nominee to determine whether and how an election to receive payment in either U.S. Dollars 
or the Specified Currency may be made. 
The “Market Exchange Rate” means, as of any time of determination which shall be two business days prior to 
payment date the Specified Currencies other than U.S. Dollars to U.S. dollar exchange rate as quoted by the Exchange Rate 
Agent for similar client driven orders. 
All determinations made by the Exchange Rate Agent shall be at its sole discretion and, in the absence of 
demonstrable error, shall be conclusive for all purposes and binding on holders of the Notes and the Exchange Rate Agent 
shall have no liability therefor.  Under no circumstances shall Bci bear any responsibility for losses incurred by a holder due 
to fluctuations in the Market Exchange Rate. 
Specific information about the Specified Currency in which a particular Foreign Currency Note is denominated will 
be set forth in the applicable Final Terms.  Any information therein concerning exchange rates is furnished as a matter of 
information only and should not be regarded as indicative of the range of or trends in fluctuations in currency exchange rates 
that may occur in the future. 
Minimum Denominations, Restrictions on Maturities, Repayment and Redemption 
General.  Notes denominated in Specified Currencies other than U.S. Dollars shall have such minimum 
denominations and be subject to such restrictions on maturities, repayment and redemption as are set forth below or as are 
set forth in the applicable Final Terms in the event different restrictions on minimum denominations, maturities, repayment 
and redemption may be permitted or required from time to time by any relevant central bank or equivalent governmental 
body, however designated, or by such laws or regulations as are applicable to the Notes or the Specified Currency.  Certain 
restrictions related to the distribution of Notes denominated in Specified Currencies other than U.S. Dollars are set forth under 
“Plan of Distribution” in this Prospectus.  Any other restrictions applicable to Notes denominated in Specified Currencies 
other than U.S. Dollars will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms relating to such Notes. 
Minimum Denominations.  Unless permitted by then current laws, regulations and directives, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in Sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the UK and which have a maturity

--- Page 278 ---
266 
of less than one year will only be issued if (a) the redemption value of each such Note is at least £100,000 as determined at 
the time of issuance or an amount of equivalent value denominated wholly or partly in a currency other than Sterling, (b) no 
part of any Note may be transferred unless the redemption value of that part is at least £100,000, or such an equivalent amount, 
and (c) such Notes are issued to a limited class of professional investors, unless the relevant Note(s) can be issued and sold 
without contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA.  See “Plan of Distribution.” 
Restrictions on Maturities, Repayment and Redemption.  All Notes (irrespective of the Specified Currency in which 
they are denominated) will comply with applicable legal, regulatory and/or central bank requirements in respect of minimum 
required maturities and limitations on redemption by the Issuer or holder of such Note. 
Redenomination 
The Issuer may, without the consent of holders of Notes denominated in a Specified Currency of a member state of 
the European Union, which on or after the issue date of such Notes participates in the European Economic and Monetary 
Union, on giving at least 30 days’ prior notice (the “Redenomination Notice”) to the holders of such Notes and on prior 
notice to the Fiscal and Paying Agent, and Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, 
elect that, with effect from the date specified in the Redenomination Notice (the “Redenomination Date”), such Notes shall 
be redenominated in Euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(a) 
the Notes shall be deemed to be redenominated into Euro in the denomination of €0.01 with a nominal 
amount for each Note equal to the nominal amount of that Note in the Specified Currency, converted into 
Euro at the Established Rate (defined below); provided that, if the Issuer determines after consultation with 
the Fiscal and Paying Agent that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination into Euro of 
internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified above, such provisions shall be 
deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the 
holders of Notes, any stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed, the Fiscal and Paying Agent and 
the relevant paying agents of such deemed amendments; 
(b) 
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice (defined below) has been given in accordance with paragraph 
(d) below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference to the aggregate 
nominal amount of Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of which coupons are presented) for 
payment by the relevant holder and the amount of such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest €0.01;  
(c) 
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be issued, subject to 
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of 
€1,000, €10,000, €100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts less than €1,000 or such 
smaller denominations as the relevant Paying Agent may approve) €0.01 and such other denominations as 
the Issuer shall determine and notify to the Noteholders; 
(d) 
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured coupons denominated in the Specified Currency 
(whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from the date on which the Issuer gives 
notice (the “Exchange Notice”) that replacement Euro-denominated Notes and coupons are available for 
exchange (provided that such securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them.  
The payment obligations contained in any Notes so issued will also become void on that date although such 
Notes will continue to constitute valid exchange obligations of the Issuer.  New Euro-denominated Notes 
and coupons, if any, will be issued in exchange for Notes and coupons, if any, denominated in the Specified 
Currency in such manner as the relevant Paying Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the holders 
of Notes in the Exchange Notice.  No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days prior to any date 
for payment of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(e) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes and the coupons, if any, including 
payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be made 
solely in Euro as though references in the Notes to the Specified Currency were to Euro.  Payments will be 
made in Euro by credit or transfer to a Euro account outside the United States (or any other account to 
which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee;

--- Page 279 ---
267 
(f) 
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the Redenomination Date 
is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on an Interest Payment Date, it will be calculated 
by applying the Fixed Interest Rate to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention; 
(g) 
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify any relevant changes to the 
provisions relating to interest; and 
(h) 
such other changes shall be made as the Issuer may decide, after consultation with the relevant Paying 
Agent and the Calculation Agent (if applicable), and as may be specified in the Redenomination Notice, to 
conform them to conventions then applicable to instruments denominated in Euro. 
“Established Rate” means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including compliance with rules 
relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Union regulations) into Euro established by the Council of 
European Union pursuant to Article 109L(4) of the treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended by the Treaty 
on European Union. 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any Specified Currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such Specified 
Currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such Specified Currency and, with respect to Euro, means one 
cent. 
Changing the Specified Currency of Foreign Currency Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on any 
Note denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. Dollars shall be made in U.S. Dollars if, on any payment date, 
such Specified Currency (a) is unavailable due to imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Issuer’s 
control or (b) is no longer used by the government of the country issuing such Specified Currency or for the settlement of 
transactions by public institutions in that country or within the international banking community.  Such payments shall be 
made in U.S. Dollars on such payment date and on all subsequent payment dates until such Specified Currency is again 
available or so used as determined by such Issuer. 
Amounts so payable on any such date in such Specified Currency shall be converted into U.S. Dollars at a rate 
determined by the Exchange Rate Agent (as defined below) on the basis of the most recently available Market Exchange 
Rate.  The “Exchange Rate Agent” at the date of this Prospectus is Citibank, N.A., London Branch.  Any payment required 
to be made on Foreign Currency Notes denominated in a Specified Currency that is instead made in U.S. Dollars under the 
circumstances described above will not constitute a default of any obligation of the Issuer under such Notes. 
The provisions of the two preceding paragraphs shall not apply in the event of the introduction in the country issuing 
any Specified Currency of the Euro pursuant to the entry of such country into European Economic and Monetary Union.  In 
such an event, payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on any Note denominated in any such Specified 
Currency shall be effected in Euro at such time as is required by, and otherwise in conformity with, legally applicable 
measures adopted with reference to such country’s entry into the European Economic and Monetary Union.

--- Page 280 ---
268 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures 
of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or CBF (together, the “Clearing Systems”) currently in effect.  The 
information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been accurately reproduced and far as the Issuer is aware 
and able to ascertain from information published by such third-party Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted that would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing 
Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System.  Neither the Issuer nor any other party to the Fiscal Agency Agreement will have any responsibility or liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held 
through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-Entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is a limited purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law, 
a “banking organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of 
the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to section 17A of the Exchange Act.  
DTC holds securities that its participants (“Participants”) deposit with DTC.  DTC also facilitates the settlement among 
Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerized 
book-entry changes in Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates.  
Direct Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other 
organizations (“Direct Participants”).  DTC is owned by a number of its Direct Participants and by the New York Stock 
Exchange, Inc., the American Stock Exchange, Inc. and the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.  Access to the 
DTC System is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through 
or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly (“Indirect Participants”). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the “Rules”), DTC makes 
book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect to Notes accepted 
into DTC’s book-entry settlement system (“DTC Notes”) as described below and receives and transmits distributions of 
principal and interest on DTC Notes.  The Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Direct Participants 
and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Notes (“Owners”) have accounts with respect to the DTC 
Notes similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective 
Owners.  Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not 
possess Registered Notes, the Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct 
Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive 
a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records.  The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each DTC Note (“Beneficial 
Owner”) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participant’s records.  Beneficial Owners will not receive written 
confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing 
details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through 
which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction.  Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be 
accomplished by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners.  Beneficial Owners will 
not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the book-entry 
system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the name of 
DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co.  The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & 
Co. effect no change in beneficial ownership.  DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; 
DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may 
or may not be the Beneficial Owners.  The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on 
behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect 
Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements 
among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time.

--- Page 281 ---
269 
Redemption notices shall be sent to Cede & Co.  If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being redeemed, 
DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes.  Under its usual procedures, DTC 
mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date.  The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s 
consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC Notes are credited on the record date 
(identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal and interest payments on the DTC Notes will be made to DTC.  DTC’s practice is to credit Direct 
Participants’ accounts on the due date for payment in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC’s records 
unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not receive payment on the due date.  Payments by Participants to Beneficial 
Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts 
of customers in bearer form or registered in “street name,” and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC 
or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time.  Payment of principal 
and interest to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the 
responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct and Indirect 
Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, including if there is an Event of Default under the Notes, DTC will exchange the DTC 
Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their proportionate 
entitlements and which, if representing interests in a Rule 144A Global Note, will be legended as set forth under “Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions.” 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any 
Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take actions with 
respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as described below. 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and CBF 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and CBF each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account holders.  
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and CBF provide various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and 
settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing.  Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and CBF also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established depositary and custodial 
relationships.  Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and CBF have established an electronic bridge between their two systems 
across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and CBF customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  Indirect access to Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and CBF is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with an account holder of either system. 
Book-Entry Ownership of and Payments in Respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted in its book-entry settlement system.  Upon the issue of any such Registered Global Note, DTC or its custodian will 
credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective principal amounts of the individual beneficial interests represented 
by such Registered Global Note to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC.  Such accounts initially will be 
designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer.  Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Registered Global Note will be 
limited to Direct Participants or Indirect Participants, including the respective depositories of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  Ownership of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the 
transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the 
interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC will be 
made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered holder of such Note.  In the case of any payment in a currency 
other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Exchange 
Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the

--- Page 282 ---
270 
beneficial holders of interests in the Registered Global Note in the currency in which such payment was made and/or cause 
all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Participants’ account. 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note within DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing system.  
The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery of notes in definitive 
form.  Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a Registered Global Note to such persons may depend upon 
the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form.  However, as discussed above, such exchanges will generally 
not be available.  Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on 
behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note 
accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to take 
action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive form.  The ability 
of any holder of Notes represented by a Registered Global Note accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such 
Notes may be impaired if the proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a direct or indirect 
participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under “Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions,” cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in 
accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Registrar, the relevant Paying Agent and any custodian 
(“Custodian”) with whom the relevant Registered Global Notes have been deposited. 
On or after the Original Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between accountholders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and transfers of Notes of such Series between participants in DTC will generally 
have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3).  The customary arrangements for delivery versus 
payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and DTC participants will 
need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer.  Transfers of interests in the relevant Registered 
Global Notes will be effected through the Registrar, the relevant Paying Agent and the Custodian receiving instructions (and, 
where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit 
of the designated account for the transferee.  In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis.  The 
notes will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately.  However, in the case 
of transfers within DTC or within Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, transfers can be made on a delivery versus payment 
basis. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes among participants and accountholders of DTC, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear.  However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such 
procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time.  None of the Issuer, the Agents nor any Dealer 
will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and 
none of them will have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial 
interests in the Notes represented by Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 283 ---
271 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
Under the terms of the Dealer Agreement, we may offer the Notes through the Dealers, each of which has agreed to 
use its reasonable efforts to solicit offers to purchase the Notes.  The Dealers may solicit offers to purchase the Notes through 
one or more of their affiliates or selling agents.  Any agreement of the Dealers to solicit offers to purchase the Notes or to 
purchase Notes as principal is subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in the Dealer Agreement.  In the 
Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
establishment and any future update of the Program and the issue of Notes under the Program and to indemnify the Dealers 
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, incurred by them in connection therewith. 
We will pay each Dealer through which we sell Notes such commission as we and the applicable Dealer may agree 
at the time of sale.  In addition, we may appoint Dealers in addition to the Dealers that are initially party to the Dealer 
Agreement.  The commission will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  We will have the sole right to accept offers to 
purchase Notes and may reject any proposed purchase of Notes, in whole or in part, whether placed directly by us or one of 
our affiliates or through the Dealers.  Each Dealer will have the right, in its discretion reasonably exercised without advising 
us, to reject any proposed purchase of Notes through that Dealer in whole or in part.  We may also sell Notes to the Dealers, 
as principals, at a negotiated discount, for resale to investors or to another broker-dealer — acting as principal for purposes 
of resale — at varying prices related to prevailing market prices at the time of resale to be determined by the Dealers, or if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, at a fixed offering price.  Notes may be distributed on a syndicated basis, in which 
case the applicable Final Terms will identify the Dealers constituting the syndicate, or on a non-syndicated basis.  We have 
also reserved the right to sell Notes directly on our own behalf, in which case no commission will be payable to the Dealers.  
We may terminate the Program at any time. 
In connection with an offering of the Notes, one or more Dealers designated as Managers in the relevant Final Terms 
will initially propose to offer the Notes for resale at the issue price that appears in the relevant Final Terms.  After the initial 
offering, the relevant Managers may change the offering price and any other selling terms.  Managers may offer and sell 
Notes through certain of their affiliates. 
In connection with any offering of Notes, the Managers may purchase and sell such Notes in the open market.  These 
transactions may include short sales, purchases to cover positions created by short sales and stabilizing transactions. 
Short sales involve the sale by a Manager of a greater principal amount of Notes than it is required to purchase in 
the offering.  A Manager may close out any short position by purchasing Notes in the open market.  A short position is more 
likely to be created if a Manager is concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of the Notes in the open 
market prior to the completion of the offering. 
Stabilizing transactions consist of various bids for or purchases of the Notes made by a Manager in the open market 
prior to the completion of the offering. 
Purchases to cover a short position and stabilizing transactions may have the effect of preventing or slowing a decline 
in the market price of the Notes.  Additionally, these purchases may stabilize, maintain or otherwise affect the market price 
of the Notes.  As a result, the price of the Notes may be higher than the price that might otherwise exist in the open market.  
However, there is no assurance that the Managers will undertake stabilization transactions.  If the Managers engage in 
stabilizing or short-covering transactions, they may discontinue them at any time, and if begun, must be brought to an end 
after a limited period.  Any over-allotment stabilizing and short- covering transaction must be conducted by the relevant 
managers, or persons acting on their behalf, in accordance with applicable laws.  These transactions may be effected in the 
over-the-counter market or otherwise. 
Some of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and 
other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with the Issuer or its affiliates.  They have received, or may in 
the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Managers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates.  If any of the Managers or their 
affiliates has a lending relationship with the Issuer, certain of those Managers or their affiliates routinely hedge, and certain 
other of those Managers or their affiliates may hedge, their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with customary risk 
management policies.  Typically, such Managers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions

--- Page 284 ---
272 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in the Issuer’s securities, 
including potentially the Notes offered hereby.  Any such credit default swaps or short positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of any issuance of Notes.  The Managers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Program, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
stabilizing manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (the “Stabilizing Managers”) (or persons acting on their behalf) 
may over-allot Notes, or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, there is no assurance that the Stabilizing Manager(s) (or persons 
acting on their behalf) will undertake stabilization action.  Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, 
may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than 30 days after the date on which the Issuer received the proceeds 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes or no later than 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes, whichever is earlier.  
Delivery of Notes 
Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act, trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in one 
business day, unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. The applicable Final Terms may provide that the 
original issue date for the Notes may be more than one scheduled business day after the trade date for those Notes.  
Accordingly, in such a case, if you wish to trade those Notes on any date prior to the business day before the original issue 
date for those Notes, you will be required, by virtue of the fact that those Notes initially are expected to settle in more than 
one scheduled business day after the trade date for those Notes, to make alternative settlement arrangements to prevent a 
failed settlement.

--- Page 285 ---
273 
TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have, in the Dealer Agreement, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from 
time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Description of the 
Notes.”  In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the establishment and any future update of the Program and the issue of Notes under the Program and to indemnify the 
Dealers for certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes in the United States are advised to consult legal counsel 
prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes.  Each purchaser of Registered Notes or person 
wishing to transfer an interest from one Registered Note to another or from global to definitive form or vice versa, will be 
required to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A or in 
Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that either: (i) it is a QIB, purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of one 
or more QIBs and it is aware that any sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A or (ii) it is outside 
the United States and is not a U.S. person; 
(b) 
that the Notes are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the United States 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered, sold, pledged 
or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except 
as set forth below; 
(c) 
that, unless it holds an interest in a Regulation S Global Note, the applicable distribution compliance period 
has elapsed and it is a person located outside the United States or is not a U.S. person, if in the future it 
decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interests in the Notes, it will do 
so only (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof, (ii) inside the United States to a person whom the seller 
reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and which takes delivery in the form of an interest in the Rule 
144A Global Note, (iii) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the 
Securities Act, (iv) pursuant to another available exemption from registration under the Securities Act or 
(v) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, in each case in accordance with 
all applicable U.S. State securities laws; 
(d) 
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes from it of the 
resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (c) above, if then applicable; 
(e) 
that Notes initially offered in the United States to QIBs will be represented by one or more Rule 144A 
Global Notes, and that Notes offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S will be 
represented by one or more Regulation S Global Notes;  
(f) 
that the Notes, other than the Regulation S Global Notes, will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR 
OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, 
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE.  BY ITS 
ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” 
(AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE NOTES FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) AGREES 
THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE NOTES EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
FISCAL AGENCY AGREEMENT AND OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, (2) 
INSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING 
FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER IN A

--- Page 286 ---
274 
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) OUTSIDE 
THE UNITED STATES IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (4) 
PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
(5) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH 
CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF THE UNITED 
STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; AND (C) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON 
TO WHOM THIS NOTE IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND.  NO 
REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT FOR RESALE OF THIS NOTE.” 
THIS LEGEND CAN ONLY BE REMOVED AT THE OPTION OF THE ISSUER. 
(g) 
if it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person, that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the 
Notes prior to the expiration of the 40-day distribution compliance period which commences upon 
completion of distribution of all the Notes of the Tranche of which the Notes being resold or otherwise 
transferred forms a part of the offering and the closing date with respect to the original issuance of the 
Notes), it will do so only (i) outside the United States in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 under the 
Securities Act and (ii) in accordance with all applicable U.S. State securities laws; and it acknowledges that 
the Regulation S Global Notes will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the 
Issuer: 
“THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FISCAL AGENCY 
AGREEMENT AND PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.  THIS LEGEND 
SHALL CEASE TO APPLY UPON THE EXPIRY OF THE PERIOD OF FORTY DAYS AFTER THE COMPLETION OF 
THE DISTRIBUTION OF ALL THE NOTES OF THE TRANCHE OF WHICH THIS NOTE FORMS PART”;  
(h) 
that either: (i) no portion of the assets used by it to purchase or hold the Notes (or any interest therein) 
constitutes assets of any (a) employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), (b) plan, individual retirement account or other 
arrangement that is subject to section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
“Code”) or the provisions of any other U.S. or non-U.S. federal, state, local or other laws or regulations 
that are similar to such provisions of ERISA or the Code (collectively, “Similar Laws”), or (c) entity whose 
underlying assets are considered to include the assets of any of the foregoing described in clauses (a) and 
(b) immediately above or (ii) the purchase and holding of the Notes (or any interest therein) by such 
purchaser will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA 
or Section 4975 of the Code or a similar violation under any applicable Similar Laws: 
“EACH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN WILL BE DEEMED 
TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (I) NO PORTION OF THE ASSETS USED BY IT TO 
ACQUIRE OR HOLD THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) CONSTITUTES ASSETS OF ANY (A) EMPLOYEE 
BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, 
AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), (B) PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT THAT 
IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”) 
OR THE PROVISIONS OF ANY OTHER U.S. OR NON-U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR OTHER LAWS OR 
REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA OR THE CODE (COLLECTIVELY, 
“SIMILAR LAWS”), OR (C) ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO INCLUDE THE 
ASSETS OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING DESCRIBED IN CLAUSES (A) AND (B) OR (II) THE ACQUISITION AND 
HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN) BY SUCH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE WILL NOT 
CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA 
OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A SIMILAR VIOLATION UNDER ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAW; 
(i) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any 
Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion

--- Page 287 ---
275 
with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sale of Legended Notes in the United States to any one purchaser will be for less than US$100,000 (or its foreign 
currency equivalent) principal amount and no Legended Note will be issued in connection with such a sale in a smaller 
principal amount.  If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must 
purchase at least US$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) of Registered Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In connection with any Notes which are offered or sold outside the United States in reliance on the safe harbor from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided under Regulation S (“Regulation S Notes”), each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree, that it 
will not offer, sell or deliver such Regulation S Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until forty 
days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of 
Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Regulation S Notes are a 
part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Regulation S Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Regulation S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Until forty days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under 
the Securities Act. 
Dealers, directly or through their respective U.S. broker dealer affiliates, may arrange for the resale of Notes to QIBs 
pursuant to Rule 144A and each such purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers may be relying on the exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.  The minimum aggregate principal amount 
of Notes which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is US$100,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in 
any other Specified Currency).  To the extent that the Issuer is not subject to or does not comply with the reporting 
requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) 
thereunder, the Issuer has agreed to furnish to holders of Notes and to prospective purchasers designated by such holders, 
upon request, such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4) so long as the Notes are considered “restricted 
securities” within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the Securities Act. 
Bearer Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by United States Treasury 
Regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and 
regulations thereunder, including the TEFRA D Rules. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the TEFRA C Rules or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable to the 
Bearer Notes, or whether neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
In the case of Bearer Notes to which the TEFRA D Rules have been specified to apply, the Notes may not be 
delivered, offered, sold or resold, directly or indirectly, in connection with their original issuance or during the Restricted 
Period in the United States to or for the account of any United States person, other than to certain persons as provided under 
United States Treasury Regulations.  An offer or sale will be considered to be made to a person within the United States if 
the offeror or seller has an address within the United States for the offeree or purchaser with respect to the offer or sale.  In 
addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to 
represent and agree) that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
Restricted Period will not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a person who is within the United States or 
its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) such Dealer has not delivered and will not deliver

--- Page 288 ---
276 
within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes in bearer form that are sold during the Restricted 
Period; 
(b) 
it has and throughout the Restricted Period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure 
that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes in bearer form are aware that such 
Notes may not be offered or sold during the Restricted Period to a person who is within the United States 
or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the TEFRA D Rules; 
(c) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes in bearer form for 
purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and, if such Dealer retains Notes in bearer 
form for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6); and 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate (if any) that acquires from such Dealer Notes in bearer form for the purposes 
of offering or selling such Notes during the Restricted Period, such Dealer either (i) hereby represents and 
agrees on behalf of such affiliate (if any) to the effect set forth in sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this 
paragraph or (ii) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate (if any) for the benefit of the Issuer the 
representations and agreements contained in sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this paragraph. 
Where the TEFRA C Rules are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable to any Tranche of Bearer 
Notes, such Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their original 
issuance.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed (and each additional Dealer appointed under the Program 
will be required to represent and agree) in respect of such Notes that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, 
sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any such Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with the original 
issuance.  Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent and agree) in connection with the original issuance of such Notes in bearer form, that it has not 
communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such Dealer or such purchaser 
is within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve the U.S. office of such Dealer in the offer and 
sale of such Notes. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to agree, that it has 
not entered and will not enter into any contractual arrangements with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes except 
with its affiliates (if any) or with the prior written consent of the Issuer. 
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than 365 days (including unilateral rights to rollover) and interest 
coupons pertaining to such Note, if any, will bear the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation 
will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) 
and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.” 
Each issuance of Indexed Notes shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be 
set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
European Economic Area  
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
United Kingdom 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic

--- Page 289 ---
277 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the UK PRIIPs Regulation for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes included in this 
offering in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Bank; 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to the Notes included in this offering in, from or otherwise involving the UK; and 
(c) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Bank. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any 
Notes in France pursuant to an exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and under Article L.411-2 1 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause 
to be distributed in France, the Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, to 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and in Article L.411-2 1°of the French Code 
monétaire et financier, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed 
in France, the Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, to qualified investors 
as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and in Article L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
This Prospectus has not been submitted to the clearance procedure of the AMF. 
Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Any offer, sale or 
delivery of the Notes in the Republic of Italy or distribution of copies of this Prospectus or any other document relating to 
the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(i) made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic 
of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended; and 
(ii) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations. 
Please note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, the subsequent distribution of 
the Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the rules on offers of securities to be made to 
the public provided under the Financial Services Act and the Regulation 11971/1999. Failure to comply with such rules 
may result, inter alia, in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary 
transferring the Notes for any damages suffered by the investors.

--- Page 290 ---
278 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer will be required to represent and agree, that any 
Notes with a maturity of less than twelve months and a denomination of less than Euro 50,000 will only be offered in the 
Netherlands to professional market parties as defined in the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) 
and the decrees issued pursuant thereto. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4, Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act. Accordingly, none of the Notes nor any interest therein may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any “resident” of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to or for the benefit of a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable 
laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan in effect at the relevant time. 
 
People’s Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to 
represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any of the Notes, directly or indirectly, in the 
People's Republic of China (for such purposes, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions or 
Taiwan), except as permitted by the securities laws or other relevant regulations of the PRC. 
 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer: 
 
(a) has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes, except 
for Notes which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the laws of 
Hong Kong) (the “SFO”), other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made thereunder; or 
(ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding 
Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32 of the laws of Hong Kong) (the “CO”) or which do not constitute an 
offer to the public within the meaning of the CO; and 
 
(b) has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for 
the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, 
which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if 
permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules 
made thereunder. 
 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, 
this Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time 
(the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
 
Australia 
No placement document, prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document (including as

--- Page 291 ---
279 
defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (“Corporations Act”)) has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities 
and Investments Commission (“ASIC”) or any other governmental agency, in relation to the offering. This Prospectus does 
not constitute a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document for the purposes of Corporations Act, 
and does not purport to include the information required for a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure 
document under the Corporations Act. No action has been taken which would permit an offering of the Notes in 
circumstances that would require disclosure under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act.   
 
The Notes may not be offered for sale, nor may application for the sale or purchase or any Notes be invited in 
Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia) and neither this Prospectus nor any 
other offering material or advertisement relating to the Notes may be distributed or published in Australia unless, in each 
case: 
(a) the aggregate consideration payable on acceptance of the offer or invitation by each offeree or invitee is at least 
A$500,000 (or its equivalent in another currency, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the person offering the Notes 
or making the invitation or its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors in 
accordance with Part 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act;  
(b) the offer, invitation or distribution complied with the conditions of the Australian financial services license of 
the person making the offer, invitation or distribution or an applicable exemption from the requirement to hold such license; 
(c) the offer, invitation or distribution complies with all applicable Australian laws, regulations and directives 
(including, without limitation, the licensing requirements set out in Chapter 7 of the Corporations Act);  
(d) the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer or invitation to a person in Australia who is a “retail client” 
as defined for the purposes of Section 761G of the Corporations Act; and 
(e) such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or the ASX. 
 
Switzerland 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to the public or a solicitation to purchase or invest in any Notes. No 
Notes have been offered or will be offered to the public in Switzerland, except that offers of Notes may be made to the 
public in Switzerland at any time under the following exemptions under the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"): 
 
(a) to any person which is a professional client as defined under the FinSA; 
(b) to fewer than 500 persons (other than professional clients as defined under the FinSA), subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of Dealers for any such offer; or 
(c) in any other circumstances falling within Article 36 FinSA in connection with Article 44 of the Swiss Financial 
Services Ordinance, 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Company or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 35 FinSA. 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be listed or admitted to trading on a trading venue in Switzerland. 
 
Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as 
such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA and neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
This document relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Markets Law, DIFC Law No. 1 of 2012, as 
amended. This document is intended for distribution only to persons of a type specified in the Markets Law, DIFC Law No. 
1 of 2012, as amended. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person. The Dubai Financial Services 
Authority (DFSA) has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The 
DFSA has not approved this prospectus supplement nor taken steps to verify the information set forth herein and has no 
responsibility for this document. The securities to which this document relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions 
on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered should conduct their own due diligence on the securities. If 
you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
 
In relation to its use in the DIFC, this document is strictly private and confidential and is being distributed to a 
limited number of investors and must not be provided to any person other than the original recipient, and may not be 
reproduced or used for any other purpose. The interests in the securities may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly to 
the public in the DIFC.

--- Page 292 ---
280 
United Arab Emirates  
The Notes have not been, and are not being, publicly offered, sold, promoted or advertised in the United Arab 
Emirates (including the Dubai International Financial Centre) other than in compliance with the laws of the United Arab 
Emirates (and the Dubai International Financial Centre) governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. Further, this 
prospectus does not constitute a public offer of securities in the United Arab Emirates (including the Dubai International 
Financial Centre) and is not intended to be a public offer. This Prospectus has not been approved by or filed with the 
Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates, the Securities and Commodities Authority, Financial Services Regulatory 
Authority (FSRA) or the Dubai Financial Services Authority. 
 
Brazil 
The offer and sale of the Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities Commission 
(Comissão de Valores Mobiliários, or “CVM”) and, therefore, will not be carried out by any means that would constitute a 
public offering in Brazil under CVM Resolution No. 160, dated 13 July 2022, as amended, or unauthorized distribution 
under Brazilian laws and regulations. The Notes will be authorized for trading on organized non-Brazilian securities 
markets and may only be offered to Brazilian Professional Investors (as defined by applicable CVM regulation), who may 
only acquire the Notes through a non-Brazilian account, with settlement outside Brazil in non-Brazilian currency. The 
trading of these Notes on regulated securities markets in Brazil is prohibited. 
 
Peru 
The Notes and the information contained in this Prospectus and any Final Terms are not being publicly marketed 
or offered in Peru and will not be distributed or caused to be distributed to the general public in Peru. Peruvian securities 
laws and regulations on public offerings will not be applicable to the offering of the Notes and therefore, the disclosure 
obligations set forth therein will not be applicable to the Issuer or the sellers of the Notes before or after their acquisition by 
prospective investors. The Notes and the information contained in this Prospectus and any Final Terms have not been and 
will not be reviewed, confirmed, approved or in any way submitted to the Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores 
(Peruvian capital market regulator) (the “SMV”) nor have they been registered with the SMV’s Securities Market Public 
Registry (Registro Público del Mercado de Valores). Accordingly, the Notes cannot be offered or sold within Peruvian 
territory except to the extent any such offering or sale qualifies as a private offering under Peruvian law and regulations and 
complies with the provisions on private offerings set forth therein. 
 
Chile 
The Notes have not and will not be registered under the Chilean securities market law, as amended, of Chile with 
the CMF, and accordingly, they may not be offered or sold to persons in Chile, except in circumstances that do not constitute 
a public offering under Chilean laws and regulations. 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act 
(Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and 
Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Prospectus or the applicable Final Terms (including any amendment thereto and hereto) contains 
a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory.  The purchaser should refer to any applicable 
provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a 
legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-
Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not 
required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection 
with this Program.

--- Page 293 ---
281 
Germany  
Each Dealer has agreed that it is aware of the fact that no German selling prospectus (Verkaufsprospekt) has been 
or will be published with respect to the Program and that such Dealer will comply with the Securities Selling Prospectus Act 
(the “SSPA”) of the Federal Republic of Germany (Wertpapierverkaufsprospektgesetz).  In particular, each Dealer has 
undertaken not to engage in public offering (öffentliches Anbieten) or other selling activities in the Federal Republic of 
Germany with respect to any Notes issued under the Program otherwise than in accordance with the SSPA and any other 
legislation replacing or supplementing the SSPA and all other applicable laws and regulations. 
Mexico 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Mexican National Securities Registry (Registro Nacional 
de Valores) maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de 
Valores, or the “CNBV”), and therefore, may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico or otherwise be subject to 
intermediation activities in Mexico, however, the notes may only be offered and sold in Mexico on a private placement basis 
to investors that qualify as institutional or qualified investors pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth in Article 
8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores) and regulations thereunder. The information contained 
in this Prospectus is solely our responsibility and has not been reviewed or authorized by the CNBV and may not be publicly 
distributed in Mexico. In making an investment decision, all investors, including any Mexican investor, who may acquire 
notes from time to time, must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the terms of this Program and the Notes, 
including the merits and risks involved. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus and will 
obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional restrictions 
as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 294 ---
282 
LEGAL MATTERS 
Certain legal matters of U.S. law will be passed upon for us by Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, New York, New 
York and for the Dealers by Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP, New York, New York.  Certain matters of Chilean law 
will be passed upon for us by Dentons Servicios Legales Limitada, Santiago, Chile, and for the Dealers by Carey y Cia. Ltda., 
Santiago, Chile.

--- Page 295 ---
283 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
The audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
included in this Prospectus have been audited by KPMG Auditores Consultores Ltda., independent auditors, as stated in their 
report appearing herein.  
KPMG Auditores Consultores Ltda. is member to the Colegio de Contadores de Chile AG, the professional body of 
auditors in Chile. The business address of KPMG Auditores Consultores Ltda. is located at Avda. Presidente Riesco 5685, 
piso 21, Las Condes, Santiago Chile.

--- Page 296 ---
284 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The Bank is registered in Chile and identified with registration (tax identification) number 97,006,000-6. 
2. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearing and settlement through Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg and 
DTC.  The Common Code for the Bearer Notes, together with the relevant ISIN Code or CUSIP number for the Registered 
Notes, will be contained in the Final Terms relating thereto.  
3. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since December 31, 2023. 
4. 
The Issuer has appointed  Citibank, N.A., London Branch as its Fiscal and Paying Agent, Paying Agent, 
Transfer Agent and Registrar.  The Issuer reserves the right to vary such appointment. 
5. 
The Issuer is involved in routine litigation and other proceedings in the ordinary course of business.  The 
Issuer is not engaged in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which we are aware)  which might have or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this 
Prospectus a material adverse effect on our  financial position or profitability. 
6. 
There has been no significant change in our financial performance or financial position since December 31, 
2023. 
7. 
So long as Notes are outstanding and listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and the rules of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, the Issuer will make available copies of its by-laws, latest annual report, annual 
financial statements and any quarterly interim financial statements, as well as this Prospectus and any supplements to this 
Prospectus, each Final Terms and the Fiscal Agency Agreement, free of charge, at the specified office of the Paying Agent 
in Luxembourg during normal business hours. 
8. 
In connection with the offering, the Agents are not acting for anyone other than the Issuer and will not be 
responsible to anyone other than the Issuer for providing the protections afforded to their clients nor for providing advice in 
relation to the offering. 
9. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, there were no material contracts that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on the Issuer. 
10. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the bank by any of the members of either 
the directive board or management in respect of their private or other duties. 
11. 
We have approved the establishment of this program through a resolution of our executive committee dated 
July 21, 2016. 
12. 
This Prospectus will be made available at https://www.bci.cl/investor-relations/informacion-programa-
emtn/files/bci-final-prospectus, and at https://www.luxse.com/issuer/BancCredInver/81972.

--- Page 297 ---
285 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The relevant Final Terms will specify which clearing system or systems (including DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or Euroclear) had/have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance and provide any further appropriate information.  
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Program, copies of the following documents will be available 
from the Issuer and from the specified office of the Fiscal and Paying Agent for the time being in London: 
(a) 
the by-laws (with an English translation where applicable) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 
2022; 
(c) 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 
2023; 
(d) 
the Issuer’s unaudited interim consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2024 and for the three 
months ended March 31, 2023 and 2024; 
(e) 
the forms of the Notes; 
(f) 
a copy of this Prospectus; and 
(g) 
any future supplements to this Prospectus and Final Terms to this Prospectus. 
Copies of these documents are available on our website at www.bci.cl. Any information contained or accessible 
through our website is not part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 298 ---
A-1 
ANNEX A 
 
SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CHILEAN GAAP AND IFRS  
Chilean banks prepare their financial statements in accordance with the Compendium of Accounting Standards (the 
“Compendium”) as prescribed by the Financial Market Commission (Comisión para el Mercado Financiero) (“CMF”), 
which absorbed the former Superintendency of Banks and Financial Institutions (Superintendencia de Bancos e Instituciones 
Financieras) (“SBIF”).  The Compendium requires the application of Chilean Financial Information Standards as prescribed 
by the Colegio de Contadores de Chile A.G. (Chilean Institute of Accountants), which are generally consistent with the 
International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by International Accounting Standards Boards (“IASB”), 
with certain modifications introduced by the former SBIF.  The financial statements have not been prepared in accordance 
with IFRS (or IFRS as adopted pursuant to the procedure of Article 3 of Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002).  There may be 
material differences in the financial statements had they been prepared in accordance with IFRS (or IFRS as adopted pursuant 
to the procedure of Article 3 of Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002). 
The Compendium differs in certain significant respects from IFRS (such differences being equivalent to those 
between the Compendium and IFRS as adopted pursuant to the procedure of Article 3 of Regulation (EC) No. 1606/2002).  
Such differences might be material to the financial information contained in this Prospectus.  An overview of the significant 
differences is presented below.  We have made no attempt to identify or quantify the impact of those differences.  In making 
an investment decision investors must rely upon their own examination of the Bank, the terms of this Prospectus and the 
financial information contained herein.  Potential investors should consult their own professional advisors for an 
understanding of the differences between the Compendium and IFRS, and how those differences might affect the financial 
information contained herein. 
This overview should not be taken as exhaustive of all differences between the Compendium and IFRS.  No attempt 
has been made to identify all disclosure, presentation or classification differences that would affect the manner in which 
transactions or events are presented in the Financial Statements, including the notes thereto. 
Set forth below is a description of the significant differences between the Compendium and its applicable accounting 
rules as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and IFRS (such differences being equivalent to those between the 
Compendium and IFRS as adopted by the European Union). 
a) Allowances for credit losses  
According to both Chilean Bank GAAP and IFRS, allowances for credit losses are calculated using expected loss 
models. The main difference between Chilean Bank GAAP and IFRS 9 regarding allowances for credit losses is that 
allowances for credit losses under Chilean Bank GAAP are calculated using expected loss models based on specific guidelines 
set by the CMF. The models adopted with IFRS 9 use an expected loss approach, however these are not in accordance with 
specific guidelines under Chilean Bank GAAP given by the CMF. The CMF has not yet adopted IFRS 9 for allowances for 
credit losses. 
b) Additional Provisions for Loans 
In conformity with the standards issued by the CMF, the Bank has made additional provisions on its loan portfolio 
to hedge against the risk of unpredictable adverse economic fluctuations that may affect the macroeconomic environment or 
the situation in a specific economic sector. The additional provisions should always be based on general provisions on 
commercial, mortgage or consumer loans, or on identified segments of commercial, mortgage or consumer loans. Under 
IFRS, additional provisions for loans are not allowed. 
c) Derivative and hedging accounting 
In accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP, financial instruments that have an embedded derivative that should, but 
which is not possible to, be valued separately are to be measured at their fair value, with changes in fair value accounted for 
as profit or loss in the income statement. In accordance with IFRS, an entity can elect to designate a financial liability in the 
scope of IFRS 9 as at fair value through profit or loss (even though the instrument would not meet the definition of held for 
trading). This option is available as noted under the section below detailing irrevocable options for hybrid financial liabilities 
(which include embedded derivatives). In accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP, variations in the fair value hedge related to 
an asset, liability or an unrecognized firm commitment could be due to a change in interest rates for fixed rate loans, foreign 
currency, equity and commodity prices. Any profits or losses on both hedging instrument and hedged item shall be accounted

--- Page 299 ---
A-2 
for as profit or loss in the income statement in each accounting period. In accordance with IFRS, if the hedged item is an 
equity instrument accounted for at its fair value through other comprehensive income, any variation in the fair value of the 
hedging instrument should also be accounted for in other comprehensive income with no subsequent reclassification. 
Dividend income is recognized in profit or loss.  
d) Suspension of Income Recognition on Accrual Basis 
Under Chilean Bank GAAP, financial institutions must suspend recognition of income on an accrual basis in their 
statements of income when any installment of the loan has been past due for over 90 days. Interest income is recognized only 
when the income is effectively received. IFRS 9 does not allow the suspension of accrual of interest on financial assets for 
which an impairment loss has been determined. Under IFRS 9, interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest 
rate to the gross carrying amount of financial assets, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired 
(or “Stage 3”), for which interest revenue is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to their amortized cost (i.e., net 
of expected credit loss provision). Off-balance interests are recorded as interest income only if the related payments are 
received. 
e) Write-offs and Account Receivables 
Chilean Bank GAAP requires companies to establish deadlines for the write-off of loans and accounts receivable. 
IFRS does not require any such deadline for write-offs. A write-off due to impairment would be recorded, if and only if, all 
efforts at collection for the full or partial loan or accounts receivable had been exhausted. Accordingly, this difference does 
not materially impact the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
f) 
Assets Received in Lieu of Payment 
Chilean Bank GAAP requires that the initial value of assets received in lieu of payment be the value agreed upon 
with a debtor as a result of the loan settlement or the value awarded in an auction, as applicable. These assets are required to 
be written off one year after their acquisition, if the assets have not been previously disposed of. IFRS requires that assets 
received in lieu of payment be initially accounted for at fair value. Subsequently, asset valuation depends on the classification 
provided by the entity for that type of asset. No deadline is established for charging-off an asset. 
g) Provisions for Country Risk and for Contingent Loan Risk 
Under Chilean Bank GAAP, the Bank provisions for country risk to cover the risk taken when holding or committing 
resources with any foreign country. These allowances are established in accordance with country risk classifications 
established by the CMF and, therefore, are not in accordance with IFRS. Also under Chilean Bank GAAP, the Bank can 
establish allowances related to the undrawn available credit lines and contingent loans in accordance with the CMF. Under 
IFRS 9, provisions for contingent loans are calculated based on expected credit loss. 
h) Provisions for Minimum Dividends 
Article No.79 in Chile’s Law of Public Companies establishes that, unless different from the adopted in the meeting 
and by the issued shares unanimously, public companies will have to distribute annually as dividend in cash to its 
shareholders, proportionally of its shares or the proportion established by the by-laws at least the 30% of liquid gains of each 
year, except when accumulated losses coming from previous year are to be absorbed. Minimum dividends are accounted for 
net of the portion of the provisional dividends that has been approved during the course of the year and are registered in the 
line item “Provisions” with a debit to the account “Provisions for minimum dividends” in equity. 
i) 
Re-recognition of Written-off Transactions 
In accordance with Chilean Bank GAAP, written-off loans that are renegotiated should be re-recognized when they 
are upgraded from the impaired loan portfolio classification. IFRS does not provide specific guidance on the timing of 
recognizing recoveries of amounts previously written off. Entities generally may apply any of the following criteria: (i) re-
recognition when cash is received, (ii) when recovery is virtually certain or (iii) an alternative probability-based approach.

--- Page 300 ---
B-1 
ANNEX B 
SIGNIFICANT DEPARTURES FROM INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS ON AUDITING 
 
The audits to the financial statements for banks in Chile are performed in accordance with General Accepted 
Auditing Standards in Chile (“Chilean GAAS”) issued by the Colegio de Contadores de Chile A.G. (Chilean Institute of 
Accountants). The International Auditing Standards (“ISAs”) are issued by the International Auditing and Assurance 
Standards Board (IAASB) and are used for banks in the European Union countries in accordance with Regulation (EU) 
537/2014. In general terms, both sets of standards are similar in several aspects that auditors are required to consider to 
perform their audits to financial statements.  The principal differences between Chilean GAAS and ISAs are the following:   
a) Audit Report 
Under Chilean GAAS, key audit matters are not required to be described on the audit report to the financial 
statements, which are required to be described under ISAs.  
b) Group Reporting and Use of another auditor 
Under Chilean GAAS, when there is more than one firm auditing a group of companies, the principal auditor for 
the group is not required to assume responsibilities for the whole group of companies and can limit its scope, referencing 
the other auditors in the audit report. Under ISAs, the principal auditor is responsible for the entire group of companies 
reported upon and cannot reference another auditor’s report.  
c) Going concern considerations 
Under Chilean GAAS, the assessment period as to the ability of the entity to continue as a going concern is one 
year from the date of the statement of financial position. Under ISAs, the assessment period as to the ability of the entity to 
continue as a going concern is considered to be minimally one year but is not limited to one year from the date of the 
statement of financial position.  
d) Internal control over financial reporting 
Under Chilean GAAS, internal control issues are classified in three categories: material weakness; significant 
deficiency; and deficiency. Under ISAs, internal control issues are classified in two categories: significant deficiency; and 
deficiency.  
Under Chilean GAAS, internal control deficiencies at the level of significant deficiency and material weakness 
must be communicated in writing to those charged with corporate governance.  Additionally, unless the circumstances 
warrant otherwise, significant deficiencies and material weaknesses communicated to those charged with corporate 
governance are also communicated to management in writing.   Other deficiencies in internal control may be communicated 
to management in writing or verbally.  
Under ISAs, significant deficiencies in internal control must be communicated in writing to those charged with 
corporate governance.  Communication of significant deficiencies in internal control to management is required in writing 
unless it would be inappropriate to communicate with management under the circumstances.  The communication of other 
deficiencies in internal control may be communicated to management verbally.   
e) Documentation and retention of working papers 
Chilean GAAS requires working papers to be retained for six years, compared to the five-year term required by 
ISAs.

--- Page 301 ---
F-1 
 
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
Page 
Unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of Bci as of March 31, 2024 and for the three 
months ended March 31, 2023 and 2024: 
 
 
 
Interim consolidated statements of financial position as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 
F-4 
Interim consolidated statements of income for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023  
F-6 
Interim consolidated statements of other comprehensive income for the three months ended March 31, 
2024 and 2023 
 
F-7 
Interim consolidated statements of changes in equity for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 
2023 
 
F-8 
Interim consolidated statements of cash flows for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
F-9 
Notes to interim consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
F-11 
 
 
 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Bci as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 
and 2022: 
 
 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
 
F-128 
Consolidated statements of financial position as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
F-131 
Consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
F-133 
Consolidated statements of other comprehensive income for the years ended  
December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
F-134 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years ended  
December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
F-135 
Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
F-136 
Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
F-138 
 
 
 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Bci as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 
and 2021: 
 
 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
 
F-258 
Consolidated statements of financial position as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
F-261 
Consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
F-263 
Consolidated statements of other comprehensive income for the years ended  
December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
F-264 
Consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years ended  
December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
F-265 
Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
F-266 
Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
F-268

--- Page 302 ---
Issuer 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones 
Av. El Golf 0125 
Las Condes, Santiago 
Chile 
Banco de Credito e Inversiones, Miami Branch 
1450 Brickell Ave Suite 2800 
Miami, FL 33131 
United States 
Arrangers 
BofA Securities, Inc. 
One Bryant Park 
New York, NY 10036  
United States  
Standard Chartered Bank 
1 Basinghall Avenue 
London, EC2V 5DD  
United Kingdom  
Dealers 
BofA Securities, Inc. 
One Bryant Park 
New York, NY 10036  
United States 
Standard Chartered Bank 
1 Basinghall Avenue 
London, EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom 
BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 
787 Seventh Avenue 
New York, NY 10019 
United States  
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York, NY 10013 
United States 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Daiwa Capital Markets America Inc. 
Financial Square, 32 Old Slip 
New York, NY 10005 
United States  
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
200 West Street 
New York, NY 10282 
United States 
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 
66 Hudson Boulevard 
New York, NY 10001 
United States 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
383 Madison Avenue 
New York, NY 10179 
United States  
Mizuho Securities USA LLC 
320 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
MUFG Securities Americas Inc. 
1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th floor 
New York, NY 10019 
United States 
 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, Registrar, Exchange Agent and Calculation Agent  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer as to New York law 
To the Dealers as to New York law 
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP 
425 Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
United States 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
One Liberty Plaza 
New York, NY 10006 
United States

--- Page 303 ---
To the Issuer as to Chilean law 
To the Dealers as to Chilean law 
Dentons Servicios Legales Limitada 
Av. Apoquindo 3885, Piso 18, Las Condes, Santiago 
Chile 
Carey y Cía. Ltda. 
Isidora Goyenechea 2800, Piso 43, Las Condes, Santiago 
Chile

--- Page 304 ---
ERROR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 
CONTENT 
 
Interim Consolidated Statements of Financial Position  
Interim Consolidated Statements of Income 
Interim Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income 
Interim Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity  
Interim Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Notes to the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-2

--- Page 305 ---
Table of contents 
INTERIM ONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF  FINANCIAL POSITION ............................................................................................................................................................ 1 
INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME ................................................................................................................................................................................... 3 
INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ................................................................................................................................... 4 
INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY ........................................................................................................................................................... 5 
INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS .......................................................................................................................................................................... 6 
NOTE 1 – REPORTING ENTITY .............................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 8 
NOTE 2 – BASIS OF ACCOUNTING ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 8 
NOTE 3 – NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS ISSUED AND ADOPTED, OR ISSUED BUT NOT YET ADOPTED ...................................................................... 27 
NOTE 4 – ACCOUNTING CHANGES ................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 29 
NOTE 5 – SIGNIFICANT EVENTS ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................ 30 
NOTE 6 – BUSINESS SEGMENTS ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 31 
NOTE 7 – CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ..................................................................................................................................................................................................... 33 
NOTE 8 – FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD FOR TRADING AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS .................................................................................................. 33 
NOTE 9 – FINANCIAL ASSETS NOT HELD FOR TRADING MANDATORILY MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS .................................... 34 
NOTE 10 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS ...................................................................................................... 34 
NOTE 11 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ...................................................................................................... 35 
NOTE 12 – FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES CONTRACT FOR ACCOUNTING HEDGE ...................................................................................................................................... 36 
NOTE 13 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTIZED COST ................................................................................................................................................................................. 41 
NOTE 14 – INVESTMENTS IN COMPANIES ....................................................................................................................................................................................................... 55 
NOTE 15 – INTANGIBLE ASSETS ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................ 56 
NOTE 16 – PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................................................................................................................................... 58 
NOTE 17 – RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES ...................................................................................................................................................................... 59 
NOTE 18 – CURRENT TAXES AND DEFERRED TAXES .................................................................................................................................................................................. 60 
NOTE 19 – OTHER ASSETS ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 62 
NOTE 20 – NON-CURRENT ASSETS AND DISPOSAL GROUP HELD FOR SALE AND LIABILITIES INCLUDED IN DISPOSAL GROUP HELD FOR SALE ........... 63 
NOTE 21 – FINANCIAL LIABILITIES HELD FOR TRADING AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS ........................................................................................ 64 
NOTE 22 – FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT AMORTIZED COST ........................................................................................................................................................................ 65 
NOTE 23 – REGULATORY CAPITAL FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED ................................................................................................................................................. 69 
NOTE 24 – PROVISIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES .............................................................................................................................................................................................. 70 
NOTE 25 – PROVISIONS FOR DIVIDENDS. INTEREST PAYMENTS AND REVALUATION OF REGULATORY CAPITAL FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ................ 72 
NOTE 26 – SPECIAL PROVISIONS FOR CREDIT LOSS .................................................................................................................................................................................... 73 
NOTE 27 – OTHER LIABILITIES .......................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 74 
NOTE 28 – EQUITY................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 74 
NOTE 29 – CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS ....................................................................................................................................................................................... 77 
NOTE 30 – INTEREST INCOME AND EXPENSES .............................................................................................................................................................................................. 79 
NOTE 31 – INFLATION-INDEXATION INCOME AND EXPENSES ................................................................................................................................................................. 80 
NOTE 32 – FEE INCOME AND EXPENSES ......................................................................................................................................................................................................... 81 
NOTE 33 – NET FINANCE INCOME (EXPENSE) ................................................................................................................................................................................................ 82 
NOTE 34 – INCOME FROM INVESTMENTS IN COMPANIES .......................................................................................................................................................................... 83 
NOTE 35 – INCOME FROM NON-CURRENT ASSETS AND DISPOSAL GROUPS HELD FOR SALE NOT ADMISSIBLE AS DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS ......... 83 
NOTE 36 – OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES ............................................................................................................................................................................ 84 
NOTE 37 – EXPENSES FOR EMPLOYEE BENEFITS OBLIGATIONS .............................................................................................................................................................. 85 
NOTE 38 – ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES ......................................................................................................................................................................................................... 85 
NOTE 39 – DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION ......................................................................................................................................................................................... 86 
NOTE 40 – IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS ................................................................................................................................................................................ 86 
NOTE 41 – EXPENSES FOR CREDIT LOSSES .................................................................................................................................................................................................... 86 
NOTE 42 – PROFIT OR LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS ............................................................................................................................................................ 87 
NOTE 43 – RELATED PARTIES DISCLOSURES ................................................................................................................................................................................................ 88 
NOTE 44 – FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES ........................................................................................................................................................... 92 
NOTE 45 – MATURITY OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AS PER THEIR REMAINING TERMS ............................................................................................ 95 
NOTE 46 – FINANCIAL AND NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES BY CURRENCY .................................................................................................................. 96 
NOTE 47 – RISK MANAGEMENT AND REPORTING ........................................................................................................................................................................................ 98 
NOTE 48 – INFORMATION ON REGULATORY CAPITAL AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY RATIOS ........................................................................................................... 120 
NOTE 49 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS ................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 122 
 
F-3

--- Page 306 ---
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 1 
 
 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023  
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
 
 
Note 
March 31, 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
Cash and bank deposits 
7 
 4,386,690  
 3,619,715  
Transactions in the course of collection 
7 
 613,917  
 475,440  
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 8,464,562  
 7,088,697  
Financial derivative contracts 
8 
 7,328,143  
 6,000,937  
Debt financial instruments 
8 
 1,065,764  
 974,506  
Other 
8 
 70,655  
 113,254  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
9 
 60,212  
 58,963  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
10 
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
 8,832,713  
 8,991,137  
Debt financial instruments 
11 
 8,832,713  
 8,991,137  
Other 
11 
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
12 
 2,172,154  
 1,999,433  
Financial assets at amortized cost 
 
 58,078,730  
 53,769,837  
Rights for reverse repurchase agreements and securities lending 
13 
 219.716  
 207,114  
Debt securities 
13 
 5.478.883  
 4,322,383  
Loans and advances to banks 
13 
 919.784  
 680,190  
Loans and receivables from customers - Commercial 
13 
 34.307.720  
 31,940,712  
Loans and receivables from customers - Mortgage 
13 
 14.277.801  
 13,740,355  
Loans and receivables from customers - Consumer 
13 
 2.874.826  
 2,879,083  
Investments in companies 
14 
 184,094  
 163,136  
Intangible assets 
15 
 463,102  
 446,546  
Property and equipment 
16 
 265,209  
 253,614  
Right-of-use assets 
17 
 133,969  
 143,886  
Current tax assets 
18 
 168,887  
 159,318  
Deferred tax assets 
18 
 538,257  
 492,461  
Other assets 
19 
 1,957,661  
 1,592,985  
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale 
20 
 43,629  
 45,985  
TOTAL ASSETS 
 
 86,363,786  
 79,301,153  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes Nos, 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-4

--- Page 307 ---
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 2 
 
 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023  
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
 
 
Note 
March 31, 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
Transactions in the course of payment 
7 
 569,499  
 429,959  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
21 
 6,992,853  
 5,625,481  
Financial derivative contracts 
21 
 6,992,853  
 5,625,481  
Other 
21 
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
10 
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
12 
 2,555,274  
 2,535,841  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
 
 64,369,814  
 59,937,499  
Deposits and other on-demand liabilities 
22 
 26,945,987  
 23,810,298  
Deposits and other term deposits 
22 
 19,190,646  
 18,442,271  
Liabilities for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
22 
 706,726  
 706,623  
Bank borrowings 
22 
 7,069,167  
 7,125,985  
Debt financial instruments issued 
22 
 8,522,237  
 8,112,510  
Other financial liabilities 
22 
 1,935,051  
 1,739,812  
Lease liabilities 
17 
 118,581  
 129,349  
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
23 
 2,044,735  
 1,551,291  
Provisions for contingencies 
24 
 136,171  
 199,775  
Provisions for dividends, payment of interests and revaluation of regulatory capital financial 
instruments issued 
 
25 
 273,297  
 204,740  
Special provisions for credit loss 
26 
 441,627  
 452,398  
Current taxes 
18 
 12,758  
 33,659  
Deferred taxes 
18 
 1,636  
 2,106  
Other liabilities 
27 
 2,295,438  
 2,131,679  
Liabilities included in disposal groups held for sale 
20 
 -  
 -  
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 
 79,811,683  
 73,233,777  
 
 
EQUITY 
 
Share capital 
28 
 5,383,715  
 5,383,715  
Reserves 
28 
-  
 -  
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
28 
 551,113  
 204,352  
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
28 
 675  
 395  
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss 
28 
 550,438  
 203,957  
Retained earnings from prior years 
28 
 682,468  
 -  
Profit for the period/year 
28 
 207,432  
 682,468  
Less: Provisions for dividends, payment of interests and revaluation of regulatory capital financial 
instruments issued 
 
28 
 (274,499) 
 (204,740) 
Owners of the bank 
28 
 6,550,229  
 6,065,795  
Non-controlling interests 
28 
 1,874  
 1,581  
TOTAL EQUITY 
 
 6,552,103  
 6,067,376  
 
 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
 86,363,786  
79,301,153 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes Nos, 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-5

--- Page 308 ---
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 3 
 
 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
For the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023  
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
 
  
  
  
 Note 
March 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
  
  
 
 
Interest income 
  
 1,076,700  
 952,636  
Interest expenses 
  
 (610,271) 
 (574,272) 
Net interest income 
30 
 466,429  
 378,364  
  
  
 
 
Inflation-indexation income 
  
 189,431  
 229,684  
Inflation-indexation expenses 
  
 (72,563) 
 (131,233) 
Net inflation-indexation income 
31 
 116,868  
 98,451  
  
  
 
 
Fee income 
  
 134,142  
 123,542  
Fee expense 
  
 (44,656) 
 (42,083) 
Net fee income 
32 
 89,486  
 81,459  
  
  
 
 
Finance income for: 
 
 
 
Financial assets and liabilities held for trading 
  
 116,824  
 (29,460) 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
  
 (5,787) 
(6,341) 
Financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
  
 -  
 -  
Loss (income) arising from derecognition of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized cost 
and financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
  
 5,695  
 
 20  
Foreign currency changes. Inflation-indexation, and hedge accounting 
  
 (105,969) 
 77,964  
Reclassification of financial assets due to change in business model 
  
 -  
 -  
Other finance income 
  
 -  
 -  
Net finance income (expense) 
33 
 10,763  
 42,183  
  
  
 
 
Income from investments in companies 
34 
 3,156  
2,796 
Income from non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale not admissible as discontinued 
operations 
35 
 4,937  
2,329 
Other operating income 
36 
 14,219  
8,634 
TOTAL OPERATING INCOME 
  
 705,858  
614,216 
  
  
 
 
Expenses for employee benefit obligations 
37 
 (172,529) 
 (157,622) 
Administrative expenses 
38 
 (119,747) 
 (104,097) 
Depreciation and amortization 
39 
 (28,405) 
 (27,854) 
Impairment of non-financial assets 
40 
 -  
 -  
Other operating expenses 
36 
 (4,923) 
 729  
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
  
 (325,604) 
 (288,844) 
  
  
 
 
OPERATING INCOME BEFORE CREDIT LOSSES 
  
380,254 
325,372 
  
  
 
 
Credit loss expense for: 
  
 
 
Provisions for credit loss of loans and advances to banks and loans and receivables from customers 
  
 (162,958) 
(140,831) 
Special provisions for credit loss 
  
 16,401  
 861  
Recovery of written-off credits 
  
 23,944  
 19,424  
Impairment due to credit loss of other financial assets at amortized cost and financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
  
 3,681  
  
(8,287) 
Credit loss expense 
41 
 (118,932) 
 (128,833) 
  
  
 
 
OPERATING PROFIT 
261,322 
196,539 
  
  
 
 
Profit from continuing operations before tax 
  
 261,322  
196,539 
Income tax 
 18  
 (53,860)
(25,593) 
 
 
 
 
Profit from continuing operations after tax 
  
207,462 
170,946 
  
  
 
 
Profit from discontinued operations before tax 
  
 -  
- 
Discontinued operations tax 
42 
 -  
- 
  
  
 
  
Profit from discontinued operations after tax 
  
 -  
- 
  
  
 
 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD 
  
207,462 
170,946 
Attributable to: 
  
 
 
Owners of the Bank 
  
 207,432  
170,910 
Non-controlling interests 
  
 30  
36 
Earnings per share: 
  
 
 
Basic earnings 
  
949 
1,012 
Diluted earnings 
  
949 
1,012 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes Nos, 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-6

--- Page 309 ---
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 4 
 
 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
For the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023  
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
 
  
  
  
Note 
March 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD 
 
207,462 
170,946 
  
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income from the period: 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
ITEMS THAT WILL NOT BE RECLASSIFIED TO PROFIT OR LOSS 
 
 
 
Remeasurements of defined benefit liability (asset) and actuarial results for other employee benefit 
plans 
28 
- 
- 
Changes in fair value of equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income 
28 
280 
104 
Movements in fair value of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss attributable to 
changes in the credit risk of the financial liability 
  
 -  
- 
Other 
 
 -  
- 
  
 
 
 
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME THAT WILL NOT BE RECLASSIFIED TO 
INCOME BEFORE TAX 
 
280 
104 
  
 
 
 
Income tax on other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
- 
- 
  
 
 
 
TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME THAT WILL NOT BE RECLASSIFIED TO 
PROFIT OR LOSS AFTER TAX 
28 
280 
104 
  
 
 
 
ITEMS THAT MAY BE RECLASSIFIED TO PROFIT OR LOSS 
 
 
 
Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
28 
955 
80,144 
Translation differences for foreign operations 
28 
280,993 
(118,858) 
Hedge of net investments in foreign operations 
 
- 
 -  
Cash flow hedges 
28 
59,767 
(78,468) 
Undesignated items of accounting hedge instruments 
 
 -  
- 
Other 
 
 -  
 -  
  
 
 
  
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME THAT MAY BE RECLASSIFIED TO PROFIT OR 
LOSS BEFORE TAX 
28 
341,715 
(117,182) 
  
 
 
 
Income tax on other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to profit or loss 
28 
4,766 
262 
  
 
 
 
TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME THAT MAY BE RECLASSIFIED TO 
PROFIT OR LOSS AFTER TAX 
28 
346,481 
(116,920) 
 
 
 
TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD 
 
346,761 
(116,816) 
 
 
 
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE CONSOLIDATED PERIOD 
 
554,223 
54,130 
Attributable to: 
  
 
 
Owners of the Bank 
  
554,193 
54,094 
Non-controlling interests 
  
  30 
36 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes Nos, 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-7

--- Page 310 ---
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 5 
 
 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES  
INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
For the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 and December 31, 2023  
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
 
 
Equity attributable to owners 
Non- 
controlling 
interests 
Total 
equity 
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
Total 
Retained earnings 
Share capital 
Reserves 
Re-measurement of net 
defined benefit 
liabilities (assets) 
Net changes in fair value of 
equity instruments at fair 
value through other 
comprehensive income 
 
Changes in fair value of 
financial assets at fair 
value through other 
comprehensive income 
 
Translation 
differences for 
foreign operations 
 
 
Cash flow hedges 
 
 
Income tax 
 
Retained 
earnings 
 
Profit for 
the year/ 
period 
 
Provision for 
minimum 
dividends 
 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Closing balances as of December 31, 2022 
 4,225,332  
 (26,640) 
 (132) 
 (50) 
 (641,186) 
 385,370  
 140,908  
 117,301  
 2,211  
 -  
 820,822  
 (246,247) 
 4,775,478  
 1,323  
 4,776,801  
Effects of changes in accounting policies 
-  
 -  -  
-  
 -  -  
-  
-  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
-  
Closing balances as of December 31, 2022 
 4,225,332  
 (26,640) 
 (132) 
 (50) 
 (641,186) 
 385,370  
 140,908  
 117,301  
 2,211  
 -  
 820,822  
 (246,247) 
 4,775,478  
 1,323  
 4,776,801  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer to retained earnings 
 -  
 -  
- 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 820,822   (820,822) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other equity movements 
 -  
 -  
- 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
- 
- 
- 
- 
(57) 
(57) 
Provision for payment of ordinary share dividends 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(51,273) 
(51,273) 
- 
(51,273) 
Subtotal of transactions with the owners in the period 
 4,225,332  
 (26,640) 
 (132) 
 (50) 
 (641,186) 
 385,370  
 140,908  
 117,301  
 2,211  
 820,822  
 -  
 (297,520) 
 4,724,205  
 1,266  
 4,725,471  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year/period 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 170,910  
 -  
 170,910  
 36  
 170,946  
Other comprehensive income 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 104  
 80,144  
 (118,858) 
 (78,468) 
 262  
 (116,816) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (116,816) 
 -  
 (116,816) 
Subtotal comprehensive income 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 104  
 80,144  
 (118,858) 
 (78,468) 
 262  
 (116,816) 
 -  
 170,910  
 -  
 54,094  
 36  
 54,130  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Closing balance as of March 31, 2023 
 4,225,332  
 (26,640) 
 (132) 
 54  
 (561,042) 
 266,512  
 62,440  
 117,563  
 (114,605) 
 820,822  
 170,910  
 (297,520) 
 4,778,299  
 1,302  
 4,779,601  
Effects of changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Closing balance as of March 31, 2023 
 4,225,332  
 (26,640) 
 (132) 
 54  
 (561,042) 
 266,512  
 62,440  
 117,563  
 (114,605) 
 820,822  
 170,910  
 (297,520) 
 4,778,299  
 1,302  
 4,779,601  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer to retained earnings 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other equity movements 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 212  
 212  
Common shares subscribed and fully paid 
 617,457  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 617,457  
 -  
 617,457  
Common shares issued with release of capitalization payment 
 540,926  
 26,640  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (567,566) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Payment of ordinary share dividends 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (253,256) 
 -  
 246,247  
 (7,009) 
 -  
 (7,009) 
Provision for payment of ordinary share dividends 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (153,467) 
 (153,467) 
 -  
 (153,467) 
Subtotal of transactions with the owners in the period 
 5,383,715  
 -  
 (132) 
 54  
 (561,042) 
 266,512  
 62,440  
 117,563  
 (114,605) 
 -  
 170,910  
 (204,740) 
 5,235,280  
 1,514  
 5,236,794  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year/period 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 511,558  
 -  
 511,558  
 67  
 511,625  
Other comprehensive income 
 -  
 -  
 91  
 382  
 49,973  
 192,327  
 111,554  
 (35,370) 
 318,957  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 318,957  
 -  
 318,957  
Subtotal comprehensive income 
 -  
 -  
 91  
 382  
 49,973  
 192,327  
 111,554  
 (35,370) 
 318,957  
 -  
 511,558  
 -  
 830,515  
 67  
 830,582  
Closing balance as of December 31, 2023 
 5,383,715  
 -  
 (41) 
 436  
 (511,069) 
 458,839  
 173,994  
 82,193  
 204,352  
 -  
 682,468  
 (204,740) 
 6,065,795  
 1,581  
 6,067,376  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer to retained earnings 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 682,468   (682,468) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other equity movements 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 263  
 263  
Provision for payment of interest on bonds with no fixed maturity 
date 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (7,529) 
 (7,529) 
 -  
 (7,529) 
Provision for payment of ordinary share dividends 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (62,230) 
 (62,230) 
 -  
 (62,230) 
Subtotal of transactions with the owners in the period 
 5,383,715  
 -  
 (41) 
 436  
 (511,069) 
 458,839  
 173,994  
 82,193  
 204,352  
 682,468  
 -  
 (274,499) 
 5,996,036  
 1,844  
 5,997,880  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the period 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
   207,432  
- 
207,432  
       30  
207,462  
Other comprehensive income 
- 
- 
- 
                    280  
                     955  
    280,993  
           59,767  
4,766  
346,761  
- 
- 
- 
346,761  
-    
346,761  
Subtotal comprehensive income 
- 
- 
- 
                     280  
                                 955  
       280,993  
             59,767  
  4,766  
346,761  
- 
  207,432  
- 
554,193  
      30  
554,223  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Closing balance as of March 31, 2024 
5,383,715  
-  
(41) 
716  
(510,114) 
739,832  
233,761  
86,959  
551,113  
682,468  
207,432  
(274,499) 
6,550,229  
1,874  
6,552,103  
 
 
 
The accompanying notes Nos, 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-8

--- Page 311 ---
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 6 
 
 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
For the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023  
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
 
 
Note 
March 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
A) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT BEFORE TAX FOR THE PERIOD  
 
 261,322  
 196,539  
Debit (credit) to profit or loss that do not represent movements in cash flows 
 
Depreciation and amortization 
39 
 28,405  
 27,854  
Impairment of non-financial assets 
40 
 -  
 -  
Provisions for credit loss 
 
 146,557  
 139,970  
Adjustment to market value of financial instruments 
 
 (20,176) 
 (11,271) 
Net loss on investment in companies 
34 
 (3,156) 
 (2,796) 
Net loss on sale of assets received in payment 
35 
 (485) 
 (603) 
Net loss on sale of property and equipment 
35 
 (202) 
 (115) 
Net gain on sale of property and equipment 
35 
 -  
 -  
Write-off of assets received in payment 
35 
 1,260  
 565  
Net interest income 
30 
 (466,429) 
 (378,364) 
Net inflation-indexation income 
31 
 (116,868) 
 (98,451) 
Net fee income 
32 
 (89,486) 
 (81,459) 
Other debit (credit) that do not represent movements in cash flows 
 
 112,013  
119,102 
Changes due to increases/decreases in operating assets and liabilities: 
 
 
 
(Increase) decrease in loans and advances to banks 
 
 (239,497) 
 147,373  
(Increase) decrease in loans and receivables from customers 
 
 (2,951,578) 
 527,259  
(Increase) decrease in financial investments 
 
 621,760  
 (302,227) 
Increase (decrease) in other on-demand liabilities 
 
 3,135,537  
 (1,012,898) 
Increase (decrease) in repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 
 (789) 
 537,689  
Increase (decrease) in deposits and other term deposits 
 
 728,543  
 557,337  
Increase (decrease) in bank borrowings 
 
 (47,511) 
 (59,902) 
Increase (decrease) in other financial liabilities 
 
 181,897  
 (818,051) 
Loans from the Central Bank of Chile (long-term) 
 
 12,223  
 6,708  
Repayment of loans from the Central Bank of Chile (long term) 
 
 -  
 -  
Long-term foreign loans 
 
 (22,801) 
 -  
Repayment of long-term foreign loans 
 
 -  
 (77,570) 
Income tax 
 
 (26,472) 
 (32,243) 
Interest and inflation-indexation received 
 
 1,266,131  
 1,182,320  
Interest and inflation-indexation paid 
 
 (682,834) 
 (705,505) 
Fees received 
32 
 134,142  
 123,542  
Fees paid 
32 
 (44,656) 
(42,083) 
Total net cash (used in) from operating activities 
 
1,916,850 
 (57,280) 
B) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 
Acquisition of investments in companies 
14 
 (14,148) 
 -  
Sale of investments in companies 
14 
 -  
 -  
Dividends received from investments in companies 
14 
 -  
 -  
Acquisition of property and equipment 
16 
 (12,907) 
 (3,878) 
Sale of property and equipment 
 
 -  
 1,745  
Acquisition of intangible assets 
15 
 (50,832) 
 (14,978) 
Sale of intangible assets 
 
 -  
 -  
Sale of goods received in payment or awarded 
 
 5,182  
 2,343  
Net increase (decrease) in other assets and liabilities 
 
 193,811  
 (568,390) 
Total net cash from (used in) investing activities 
 
121,106 
 (583,158) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes Nos, 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-9

--- Page 312 ---
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 7 
 
 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
For the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023  
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
 
 
Note 
March 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
C) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 
Attributable to interest of the owners: 
 
Issue of letters of credit 
 
 -  
 -  
Redemption and payment of interest / principal of letters of credit 
 
 (200) 
 (525) 
Issuance of current bonds 
 
 152,353  
 194,040  
Redemption and payment of interest / principal of current bonds 
 
 (190,212) 
 (48,948) 
Issue of mortgage bonds 
 
 -  
 -  
Redemption and payment of interest / principal of mortgage bonds 
 
 -  
 -  
Payment of interest / principal of lease liabilities 
 
 (446) 
 (709) 
Issue of subordinated bonds 
 
 -  
 -  
Payment of interest and principal of subordinated bonds 
 
 (7,078) 
 (6,820) 
Issue of bonds with no fixed maturity date 
 
 491,140  
 -  
Redemption and payment of interest on bonds with no fixed maturity date 
 
 -  
 -  
Issue of preferred shares 
 
 -  
 -  
Redemption of preference shares and payment of preference share dividends 
 
 -  
 -  
Increase in share capital for the issuance of ordinary shares 
 
 -  
 -  
Payment of ordinary shares dividends 
28 
 -  
 -  
Attributable to non-controlling interests: 
 
 
 
Dividend payment and/or withdrawals of share capital related to subsidiaries corresponding to 
non-controlling interest 
 
- 
 -  
Total net cash used in financing activities 
 
445,557 
 137,038  
 
 
 
NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS FOR THE PERIOD ENDED 
  
 1,713,930  
 (744,378) 
EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE FLUCTUATIONS 
  
 769,583  
 240,978  
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD 
  
 4,837,252  
 7,309,538  
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE PERIOD 
7 
 7,320,765  
 6,806,138  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes Nos, 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-10

--- Page 313 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 8 
 
 
NOTE 1 – REPORTING ENTITY 
 
a) 
The Bank 
 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones (hereinafter “BCI” or “the Bank”) is a company incorporated in Chile, regulated by the Financial Market Commission, 
hereinafter the “CMF”. In accordance with the amendments to the General Banking Law under Law No. 21,130, which defines this commission as 
regulatory entity from June 1, 2019 (Official Gazette Publication No. 42,343 of Thursday, May 2, 2019). Its registered office is at Avenida El Golf 125, 
in the municipality of Las Condes. The Interim Consolidated Financial Statements as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended 
March 31, 2024 and 2023, include the Bank and its subsidiaries detailed in the following paragraph as well as the Miami Branch. The Bank is involved 
in all the businesses and operations that the General Banking Law allows it, such as personal, corporate, and real estate banking, large and medium-sized 
companies banking, private banking, and asset management services.  
 
 
NOTE 2 – BASIS OF ACCOUNTING 
 
a) 
Basis of preparation of the financial statements 
 
These Interim Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks (CNCB) 
and instructions issued by the Financial Market Commission (hereinafter "CMF"), a regulatory body that in accordance with Law No. 21,000 that " 
Creates the Financial Market Commission”, provides in number 6 of article 5 that the Financial Market Commission may “set the standards for the 
preparation and presentation of the annual reports, balance sheets, statements of financial position and other financial statements of the regulated entities 
and determine the principles to which they must keep their accounting and in everything that is not treated by it if it does not contradict their instructions, 
they must adhere to the generally accepted accounting policies, which correspond to the technical standards issued by Colegio de Contadores de Chile AG, 
matching the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) agreed upon by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). In case of 
discrepancies between the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and the accounting policies issued by the CMF in its Compendium of 
Accounting Standards for Banks and Instructions, the latter will prevail. 
 
The notes to the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements contain additional information to that presented in the Interim Consolidated Statements of 
Financial Position, the Interim Consolidated Statements of Income, the Interim Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income, the Interim 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and the Interim Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
b) 
Controlled entities (subsidiaries) 
 
The Interim Consolidated Financial Statements as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, include 
the financial statements of the Bank and the controlled companies (subsidiaries), Control is obtained when the Bank is exposed, or has the right to 
variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to influence those returns through its power over the investee. 
 
Specifically, the Bank controls an investee only if it meets the following elements: 
 
I. 
Power over the investee (that is, it has rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee) 
II. exposure, or right., to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and 
III. ability to use its power over the investee to influence the amount of the investor's returns. 
 
When the Bank has less than most of the voting rights over an investee; but such voting rights are sufficient to have the practical ability to direct the 
relevant activities unilaterally, then it will be concluded that the Bank has control. The Bank considers all relevant factors and circumstances in assessing 
whether the voting rights are sufficient to obtain control, these include: 
 
● 
The size of the Bank’s voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders. 
● 
The potential voting rights held by the investor, other vote holders or other parties. 
● 
Rights arising from other contractual arrangements. 
● 
Any additional facts and circumstances that indicate the investor has or does not have. The current ability to direct the relevant activities at the 
time those decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders' meetings. 
 
The Bank reassesses whether it has control over an investee when the facts or circumstances indicate that there are changes in one or more of the control 
elements listed above. 
 
Loss of control generates de-recognition of assets and liabilities of the former subsidiary in the Interim Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and 
the recognition of the loss or gain associated with the loss of control. 
 
The Interim Consolidated Financial Statements consider the separate (stand-alone) financial statements of the Bank and of the companies included in 
the consolidation and include the necessary adjustments and reclassifications to standardize the accounting policies and valuation criteria applied by the 
Bank, together with the elimination of all balances and transactions between the consolidated companies. 
 
Additionally, the participation of third parties in the equity of the consolidated Bank is presented as "non-controlling interest" in the Interim Consolidated 
Statements of Financial Position. Their share of profits for the period is presented as "Profit attributable to non-controlling interest" in the Interim 
Consolidated Statements of Income for the period ended. 
 
 
F-11

--- Page 314 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 9 
 
 
 
The following table shows the composition of the entities over which the Bank can exercise control, therefore, they are part of the scope of consolidation: 
 
Entities controlled by the Bank 
Interest % 
Direct 
Indirect 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
% 
% 
% 
% 
BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos S.A. 
99.90 
99.90 
0.10 
0.10 
BCI Asesoría Financiera S.A. 
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A. 
99.95 
99.95 
0.05 
0.05 
BCI Corredores de Seguros S.A. 
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
BCI Factoring S.A. 
99.97 
99.97 
0.03 
0.03 
BCI Securitizadora S.A. 
99.90 
99.90 
- 
- 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones Miami Branch 
100.00 
100.00 
- 
- 
Servicio de Normalización y Cobranza, Normaliza S.A. 
99.90 
99.90 
0.10 
0.10 
BCI Securities INC. 
99.90 
99.90 
0.10 
0.10 
BCI Corredores de Bolsa de Productos S.A. 
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
BCI Financial Group. Inc. and Subsidiaries 
100.00 
100.00 
- 
- 
Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales S.A. 
99.98 
99.98 
0.02 
0.02 
Administradora de Tarjetas Servicios Financieros Limitada 
99.99 
99.99 
0.01 
0.01 
SSFF Corredores de Seguros y Gestión Financiera Limitada 
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
Servicios y Cobranzas SEYCO Limitada 
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
BCI Perú S.A. 
99.99 
99.99 
- 
- 
 
The lines of business of the entities controlled by the Bank are as follows: 
 
BCI Asset Management Administradora de Fondos S.A., was incorporated by public deed dated January 7, 1988. Its line of business is the 
management all types of mutual funds, investment funds and individual portfolios regulated by Law 20,712, including the development of plans 
voluntary pension savings and collective voluntary pension savings, other supplementary activities authorized by the CMF through Circular No. 1,566 
of 2001, and the administration of third-party investment funds and portfolios, authorized by Circular No. 1,897 of 2008. 
 
BCI Asesoría Financiera S.A. was incorporated as a closely held shareholders’ corporation via public deed dated October 23, 1992. Its line of business 
is the provision of advisory on the study, analysis, evaluation, and search for alternative sources of financing, the restructuring of liabilities, the 
negotiations to acquire, capitalize, sell, or merge companies, the issuance and placement of bonds and debentures, and the placement of funds in the capital 
market. 
 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A. was incorporated by public deed dated July 24, 1987. Its line of business is the intermediation and brokerage of securities, 
and in general all those activities permitted by law in its capacity as stockbroker. 
BCI Corredores de Seguros S.A. was incorporated by public deed dated January 15, 1997. Its line of business is the remunerated brokerage of general 
and life insurance contracts with any insurance company located in the country, and the provision of advice and services related to contracting insurance 
policies. 
 
BCI Factoring S.A. was incorporated by public deed dated December 13, 1994. Its lines of business is the provision of all types of factoring services, 
being able to purchase and discount documents, bills of exchange and. In general, develop and exploit the factoring business. Under its different forms and 
types. Invest, reinvest and acquire quotas, shares or rights, in all types of movable, tangible or intangible property, real estate and in companies, whether 
civil, commercial, communities or absorptions and in all class of titles or transferable securities, manage and exploit said goods in any capacity and receive 
their benefits. 
 
BCI Securitizadora S.A. was incorporated as a shareholders’ corporation. As stated in a public deed dated March 1, 2001. Its line of business is the 
acquisition of credits referred to in Article No. 135 of Law No. 18,045 or the regulations that substitute, replace, or complement it, and the issuance of 
debt securities, short or long term, originating for each issue, the formation of equity separate from the common equity of the company, which is under 
the supervision of the Financial Market Commission. 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones Miami Branch is a branch of Banco de Crédito e Inversiones. Incorporated in the state of Florida in the United States 
of America. The company was initially authorized to operate as an international banking agency by the Department of Banking and Finance of the State 
of Florida on May 10, 1999. The Branch is not a separate legal entity, it conducts banking activities that provide a full range of banking services to 
national and foreign individuals and legal entities, mainly from Latin America. 
 
Servicio de Normalización y Cobranza, Normaliza S.A. is a closely held shareholder’s corporation. Incorporated via public deed dated June 8, 1990, 
and its line of business is the provision of out-of-court collection services. On its own or on behalf of third parties of any document representing liabilities, 
as well as the background check of natural persons or legal entities and the delivery of commercial reports and any other business that the partners agree 
to perform. 
 
BCI Securities INC. a subsidiary incorporated in the state of Florida in the United States on July 6, 2011. The company’s line of business is the purchase 
and sale of shares, mutual funds, corporate debt, United States government bonds, sovereign debt and call and put options for its clients residing primarily 
in South America. The Company may establish network agreements with banks, savings banks or savings and credit cooperatives. This investment was 
authorized by the Financial Market Commission on January 10, 2013, and by the Central Bank of Chile on February 21, 2013. It began operations on 
March 1, 2016. 
BCI Corredores de Bolsa de Productos S.A. was incorporated by public deed on April 16, 2015. The company’s purpose is the intermediation of 
products, understanding as such, what is stated in articles 4th and 5th of Law No. 19 .920. In his capacity as a stockbroker of products, including the 
purchase or sale of products on the stock market on its own with the intention of transferring rights over them,  the brokering of off-exchange products, 
and the supplementary activities authorized by the Financial Market Commission, for which it may perform all acts and enter into all contracts and 
transactions typical of brokers of products. In accordance with the current regulations or those that will be put into force in the future. 
F-12

--- Page 315 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 10 
 
 
BCI Financial Group. Inc. and Subsidiaries, parent company of City National Bank (CNB), acquired in 2015, CNB is a financial institution 
incorporated in 1946 based on the city of Miami, which offers a wide range of financial products, including real estate, commercial and retail banking to 
more than 61,000 customers, with 32 branches distributed in four Florida counties. Also, during 2017, the Financial Market Commission approved the 
lease transaction operations through a new subsidiary of CNB on March 10, 2017, through letter No. 02751 issued by this regulatory body. The new 
subsidiary of CNB is a corporation that started operations on June 28, 2017, under the business name City National Capital Finance Inc. (CNCF). On 
August 1, 2018, the subsidiary City National Capital Finance. Inc. (CNCF) changed its business name to BCI CAPITAL. Inc. 
Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales S.A. acquired in December 2018, was incorporated as a limited liability company 
via public deed dated November 4, 1997, and has been subject to various modifications. Its current line of business is /i/ the issuance of credit cards and 
the performance of activities complementary to said specific line of business authorized by the Financial Market Commission, or the body that succeeds 
it in its attributions and competences, by means of a general standard to credit card issuers, and /ii/ the granting of general loans as a subsidiary of a 
bank. 
Administradora de Tarjeta Servicios Financieros Limitada, acquired in December 2018, was incorporated as a shareholders’ corporation via public 
deed dated August 6, 1998, and has been subject to various modifications. Its current line of business is the provision of services and the development of 
all type of activities related to the operation of debit, credit and payment cards with provision of funds, issued in accordance with the Compendium of 
Financial Regulations of the Central Bank of Chile and other applicable regulations. Including but not limited to: /i/ the provision of services linked to 
the physical issuance of credentials or any other material and immaterial support of all types of payment cards; /ii/ the provision, maintenance and 
administration of computer channels and systems for the issuance and operation and /iii/ all other types of related, supplementary, required or convenient 
activities for the issuance or operation of payment cards. To the extent that said services and activities do not involve settlement and/or payment of 
benefits owed to affiliated entities for the use of said instruments. 
 
Servicios y Cobranzas SEYCO Limitada, acquired in December 2018, was incorporated as a limited liability company via public deed dated December 
31, 2010, and has been subject to various modifications. 
 
Its current line of business is: /a/ the provision of prejudicial and judicial collection services regarding all types of payment obligations, whatever their 
cause or origin; /b/ the provision of collection and payment services in general, including, but not limited to, the collection and payment on behalf of 
third parties of the payment of all types of accounts and obligations; /c/ the provision of custody services for all types of documents and administrative 
procedures in general; / d / the provision of marketing services, programming or execution of campaigns, preparation of databases, in all its forms and 
by all existing means or that in the future will be created for that purpose, all insofar as it is conducive, necessary or recommended for the proper provision 
of credit collection services; /e/ the provision of services for the collection, storage, custody, administration, processing, studies and analysis of data, 
background and/or information of any type that is related, comes from, has been provided or is necessary for the development of the services of credit 
collection, whatever the element or support material of the same, and /f/ acquire or acquire interest in other companies, subject to the requirements and 
limitations established in the current regulations. 
 
All the activities outlined in the line of business may be performed by the company, by itself or through third parties, by contracting or subcontracting 
them. For the fulfillment of its purpose. The company may execute all the necessary contracts for the indicated purposes or for the development of its 
business. 
 
SSFF Corredores de Seguros y Gestión Financiera Limitada, acquired in December 2018, was incorporated as a limited liability company via public 
deed dated November 17, 2004, and has been subject to various modifications. Its current line of business is /a/ the remunerated intermediation of 
general and life insurance policies with any national insurance company based in the country and the advisory services inherent to this type of contract with 
respect to all types of natural persons and legal entities, Notwithstanding the foregoing, the company may perform activities such as home assistance, 
route and travel assistance, legal and medical assistance, extended warranty regarding goods and services sold or provided by third parties and of a similar 
nature; /b/ provide pension advisory service, in accordance with the provisions of Decree Law No.3,500, subject to the provisions of article 70 bis of 
the General Banking Law, or the one that succeeds or replaces it. For the fulfillment of its purpose, the company may execute all the necessary contracts 
for the indicated purposes, the development of its business or trade or the investment of the funds available to the company. 
 
Banco BCI Perú S.A. was incorporated via public deed dated September 14, 2021, In the Republic of Peru and registered with the Registry of Legal 
Entities of Lima and Callao on September 28, 2021. Likewise, on August 20, 2021, the Superintendence of Banking, Insurance and Pension Fund 
Administrators through SBS Resolution No. 02454-2021 authorized the incorporation of the banking company called Banco BCI Perú. The line of 
business of Banco BCI Perú will be operating as a bank in accordance with the provisions of the General Laws of the Financial System (LGSF) and other 
applicable regulations. 
 
The Bank may carry out all operations and provide all services through the corresponding modalities and forms that are applicable, as established in the 
legal provisions that regulate banking companies in Peru. 
 
And without this reference being limiting, it may carry out the operations and provide the services indicated in articles 221 and 283 of the LGSF, as 
well as in the amending or substituting provisions of said rule. Likewise, it may perform all those operations and services authorized or that may be 
developed according to its uses, practices and customs that are applicable to banking companies in Peru, including operations of derivative financial 
products for hedging and/or negotiation purposes, with the prior authorization of the Superintendence of Banking, Insurance and Pension Fund 
Administrators (SBS). 
 
Additionally, the Bank may enter into other acts and supplementary and related contracts related to the operations it enters into or in which it participates, 
as well as all acts and contracts that are required for its proper functioning and operation. 
 
i. Entities consolidated by the Bank through other considerations: 
 
Despite not holding the majority of the voting rights and/or not having any interest, the following companies have been consolidated on the basis that 
the Bank, directly or through some of its subsidiaries, has some type of influence over them: 
 
Entities consolidated by the Bank through other considerations: 
Interest % 
Direct 
Indirect 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
% 
% 
% 
% 
BCI Activos Inmobiliarios Fondo de Inversión Privado (1) 
40.00 
40.00 
- 
- 
Fondo de Inversión Privado BCI LMV II (2) 
100.00 
100.00 
- 
- 
Incentivos y Promociones Limitada (3) 
EE 
EE 
EE 
EE 
 
(1) Fund in which the subsidiary BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos SA has influence and/or control. 
(2) Fund that has been organized and constituted by the subsidiary BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos SA, which manages it in its entirety. 
(3) Structured Entity (EE) in charge of promoting credit and debit card products. The Bank has no interest in said company and does not exercise control; however. Its 
revenue depends on the Bank. 
 
 
F-13

--- Page 316 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 11 
 
 
 
c) 
Associates and joint arrangements 
 
Associates are those entities in which the Bank has significant influence, but no control. Significant influence is the power to participate in financial and 
operating policy decisions, but not control or joint control over those policies. 
 
A joint arrangement is an arrangement in which there is joint control, which exists only when the strategic decisions of the activities, both financial and 
operating, require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. Investments in joint arrangements may be classified as a business or as a joint 
operation. 
 
A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement (i.e., joint ventures) have rights to the assets, and 
obligations for the liabilities, related to the arrangement. 
 
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement (i.e., participants in a joint venture) have rights to 
the net assets of the arrangement. 
 
Investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method and are initially recognized at cost, and their carrying amount is 
increased or decreased to recognize the corresponding share of profit or loss for the period ended and in comprehensive income. The dividends received 
are recognized by reducing the investment. 
 
If the acquisition cost is less than the fair value of the net assets of the acquired associate. The difference is recognized directly in profit or loss and is 
presented under Other Gains (Losses). Investments in associates and joint ventures are presented in the Interim Statements of Financial Position under the 
item “Investment in companies”. Only if the investor has incurred legal or constructive obligations or has made payments on behalf of the associate or 
the joint venture, should recognize a liability, otherwise, leaving the investment at zero until the moment it generates profits that reverse the negative 
equity generated previously as a result of the losses generated. Otherwise, a liability is not recognized, but the investment is also left at zero, 
 
The following entities are considered “Associates”: 
 
Company 
Interest % 
2024 
2023 
% 
% 
Redbanc S.A. 
12.71 
12.71 
Combanc S.A.  
13.30 
13.30 
Transbank S.A.  
8.72 
8.72 
Servicio de Infraestructura de Mercado OTC S.A. 
13.61 
13.61 
Administrador Financiero del Transantiago S.A. 
20.00 
20.00 
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
33.33 
33.33 
Sociedad Interbancaria de Depósitos de Valores S.A. 
7.03 
7.03 
Pagos y Servicios S.A. 
49.90 
49.90 
 
The following entities are considered “Joint Ventures”: 
 
Company 
Interest % 
2024 
2023 
% 
% 
Servipag Ltda. 
50.00 
50.00 
Artikos Chile S.A. 
50.00 
50.00 
 
For companies in which they have less than 20% interest, the Bank appoints a director on the board of such companies, which is why Management has 
concluded that it has significant influence over them. 
 
d) 
Equity instruments for minority investments in companies 
 
This caption includes those entities in which the Bank has no control or significant influence, includes minority permanent investments in companies in 
the country and abroad that are recorded and presented subsequent to the initial recognition at fair value, with the variations recognized in Other 
Comprehensive Income in accordance with IFRS 9. 
 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Bank presents shares in BLADEX. 
 
Additionally, the Bank presents other equity instruments for minority investments at their acquisition cost less any impairment in accordance with IFRS 
9, considering that the cost is a reasonable approximation of the fair value. 
 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank presents the following investments in other companies: SWIFT, FHLB and FRB shares. 
 
e) 
Basis of consolidation 
 
These Interim Consolidated Financial Statements comprise the Financial Statements of the Bank and subsidiaries as of March 31, 2024 and December 
31, 2023. 
 
The  Financial Statements of the subsidiaries (including the entities controlled by the Bank through other considerations) have been standardized in 
accordance with the standards established in the Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks and Instructions issued by the CMF. 
 
The uniformity of accounting policies also includes investments recognized under the equity method. 
 
Intra-group balances and unrealized gains or losses arising from intra-group transactions between entities included in the consolidation are eliminated 
during the preparation of these Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. Unrealized gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted investees 
are eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Bank's interest in these companies. 
 
The translation of the financial statements of the companies with a functional currency other than the Chilean peso is performed as follows: 
 
a. Assets and liabilities, using the exchange rate effective at the reporting date. 
b. Items in the statements of income and comprehensive income, using the average monthly exchange rate (unless this average is not a reasonable 
approximation of the cumulative effect of the exchange rates existing on the dates of the transactions, in which case the exchange rate at the date 
of each transaction is used). 
c. The equity is maintained at the historical exchange rate at the date of its acquisition or approval, and the retained earnings according to letter b 
above. 
d. The exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements are recorded in the caption “Profit (loss) on accumulated 
adjustment for translation difference” in the Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income for the year ended. 
e. Non-controlling interest 
 
The non-controlling interest represents the portion of gains or losses and net assets, of which, directly or indirectly, the Bank does not own. The non-
controlling interest is presented separately in the Interim Consolidated Statements of Income for the period ended, Consolidated Statements of Other 
Comprehensive Income for the year ended and the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
F-14

--- Page 317 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 12 
 
 
 
f. 
Functional currency 
 
The Bank has determined the Chilean peso (Ch$) as its functional and presentation currency, as well as all the Group entities, except for the subsidiaries 
BCI Financial Group. Inc., and Subsidiaries and BCI Securities INC., which have determined the US dollar as their functional currency as well as BCI 
Peru, which uses the Peruvian sol as its functional currency. 
 
All information presented in Chilean pesos has been rounded to the nearest million. 
 
g. 
Foreign currency transactions 
 
Balances and transactions in currencies other than the Chilean peso are considered “foreign currency.” Transactions performed by each entity in a 
currency other than its functional currency are recorded at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. During the period, differences between the 
exchange rate accounted for and that effective at the following collection or payment date are recognized as exchange differences in the Consolidated 
Statements of Income for the period ended. 
 
Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign currency balances into the functional currency are recorded in the account "Net foreign exchange result" 
in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the period ended. 
 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank's foreign currency assets and liabilities are presented at their equivalent value in Chilean pesos, 
calculated at the exchange rate of Ch$982.28  as of March 31, 2024 and Ch$874.50 as of December 31, 2023. 
 
h. 
Business segments 
 
The Bank's business segments are determined based on the different business units, considering the following: 
 
(i) 
That it engages in business activities from which it may earn revenue and incur expenses (including transactions with other components of 
the same entity). 
(ii) 
whose operating income (loss) is reviewed on a regular basis by the unit's highest authority in making operating decisions. To decide on 
the resources that should be assigned to the segment and evaluate its performance; and 
(iii) 
in relation to which differentiated financial information is available. 
 
These business units deliver products and services subject to different risks and returns and, therefore, the Bank's key decision-making bodies evaluate 
their performance separately. 
 
i. 
Classification and measurement of financial instruments 
 
Financial instruments are classified and measured in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standard 9 (IFRS 9) – Financial Instruments, 
which established a guide for financial information on financial assets and financial liabilities that will present relevant and useful information to users of 
the financial statements for its evaluation of the amounts, timing, and uncertainty of an entity's future cash flows. 
 
j. 
Classification of financial assets 
 
Financial assets are classified into a measurement category based on both the Bank's business model for managing the financial asset and the contractual 
cash flow characteristics of the financial asset. 
 
In accordance with IFRS 9, the business models are: 
 
a) Holding assets to collect contractual cash flows: Financial assets held in the business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect 
contractual cash flows are managed to produce cash flows by collecting contractual payments over the life of the instrument. The business 
model may be to hold assets to collect cash flows, even if the entity sells financial assets whether there has been an increase in the assets’ credit 
risk; and for sales made to manage credit concentration risk. 
 
b) Holding assets to collect contractual cash flows and sell financial assets: Financial assets under this business model achieve the objective by 
collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets, which implies a higher frequency and value of sales than the previous business 
model. 
 
c) Other business models: the financial assets held in this business are intended to generate cash flows through the sale of the assets. The Bank 
makes decisions based on the fair values of the assets and manages the assets to realize those fair values. 
 
The evaluation of the contractual cash flows determines if the cash flows of the financial asset meet the SPPI criterion (solely payments of principal and 
interests), i.e., if the contractual terms of the financial asset generate. On specific dates, cash flows of cash that are solely payments of principal and 
interest. Principal is the fair value of financial assets at initial recognition, and interest is consideration for the time value of money. The credit risk 
associated with the outstanding principal, and may also include liquidity risk, administrative expenses, and profit margin. 
 
For the classification process, the Bank performs the SPPI test, which assesses the contractual term to identify if it meets the SPPI criteria, i.e., The 
contract is a basic lending arrangement, the Bank applies judgment and considers relevant factors such as the currency in which the financial asset is 
denominated and the period for which the interest rate is set. 
 
The business model refers to how the Bank manages its financial assets to generate cash flows. The Bank determined its business model in the initial 
application of IFRS 9 at the level that best reflects how it manages the groups of financial assets to achieve its business objective. 
The Banks' business model is not assessed instrument by instrument, but at a higher level of aggregate portfolio and is based on observable factors such 
as: the performance of financial assets. The risk that affects performance and the expected frequency, value, and time of sales. 
 
i. Classification of financial liabilities 
 
The Bank classifies all financial liabilities as subsequently measured at amortized cost, except for derivatives that are liabilities, which are measured at 
fair value through profit or loss. 
 
 
F-15

--- Page 318 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 13 
 
 
 
ii. Reclassification 
 
The reclassification of financial assets is required when, and only when. The objective of the Bank's business model to manage these financial assets 
changes, financial liabilities cannot be reclassified. 
 
iii. Initial Measurement 
 
At initial recognition, financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at the transaction price, i.e., the fair value of the consideration given or 
received (IFRS 13). In the case of financial instruments that are not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs are directly attributable to the 
acquisition or issue of the financial asset or financial liability. 
 
iv. Subsequent measurement of financial assets 
 
After initial recognition, the Bank shall measure a financial asset at: 
 
a) 
Financial assets at amortized cost (CA) 
 
Financial assets that are held in a business model to collect contractual cash flows and contain contractual terms that give rise to cash flows that are 
SPPI on specific dates, are measured at amortized cost. 
 
The effective interest method is used in calculating the amortized cost of a financial asset or financial liability and in allocating and recognizing interest 
income or interest expense in profit or loss during the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future 
cash payments or receipts through the expected useful life of the financial asset or financial liability to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset or 
the amortized cost of a financial liability. 
 
The caption financial assets at amortized cost presents the following: 
 
- 
Rights for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
- 
Debt financial instruments 
- 
Loans and advances to banks 
- 
Loans and receivables from customers 
 
 
b) Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) 
 
● 
Debt financial instruments 
 
Financial assets that are debt instruments held in a business model that is achieved through collection of contractual cash flows and sale, and that contain 
contractual terms that give rise to cash flows that are SPPI on specific dates, are measured at FVOCI, Subsequently, they are re-measured at fair value 
and changes in them (except those related to impairment. Interest income and foreign currency gains and losses) are recognized in other comprehensive 
income, until the assets are sold. At the time of disposal. The accumulated gains, and losses in OCI are recognized in the statements of income. 
 
● 
Equity financial instruments 
 
For certain equity instruments. The Bank may make an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair 
value of the instrument, except for dividend income that is recognized in profit or loss. Gains or losses on the derecognition of these equity instruments are 
not transferred to profit or loss. 
 
c) 
Financial asset held for trading at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL) 
 
Includes financial assets whose business model aims at generating benefits through purchases and sales or generate short-term profit or loss, Financial 
assets that do not contain contractual terms that give rise to cash flows that are SPPI on specific dates, or if the financial assets, is not held in a business 
model that is (i) a business to collect the contractual cash flows or (ii) a business model that is achieved by collecting the contractual cash flows and 
selling them. 
 
Gains and losses are recognized in the statement of income under financial income for financial assets held for trading at fair value. 
 
● 
Derivative financial instruments 
 
Derivative financial instruments are also classified under financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, which include foreign currency forwards 
and Unidades de Fomento, interest rate futures, currency and interest rate swaps, currency options and interest rate and other derivative financial 
instruments, are initially recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at their fair value (including transaction costs), except for those 
classified as level 3 of the hierarchy (when applicable), and subsequently measured at its fair value. The fair value is obtained from market quotations, 
cash flow discount models and option valuation models, as appropriate. Derivative contracts are reported as an asset when their fair value is positive and 
as a liability when it is negative, in the line “Financial derivative contracts” under the caption financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit 
or loss. 
 
The purpose of the credit valuation adjustment (CVA) is to determine the expected losses due to counterparty risk in OTC derivative contracts. The 
CVA of a derivative is defined as the difference between the value of the derivative free of counterparty risk (equivalent to the original derivative but 
without risk of default by any of the parties) and the value of the risky derivative (which corresponds to the original derivative, which has an inherent 
risk) that considers the possibility of default by the counterparty. In this way, the CVA of a client can be obtained from the expected exposure (EE) due 
to counterparty risk (how much is expected to lose) and the expected loss rate (EP) associated with the default of the counterparty. 
 
The valuation adjustment due to the existence of the bid-offer spread in the financial instrument markets that is applied to all financial instruments that 
are recognized at their market value both under normal market conditions and under financial stress conditions, is based on the best practices. The 
recommendations of the Basel Committee and the requirements of the CMF and the Central Bank of Chile. 
 
In order to carry out the bid-offer adjustment to the valuation of financial instruments belonging to Banco de Crédito e Inversiones own portfolios, the 
following methodology was established: 
 
 
F-16

--- Page 319 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 14 
 
 
 
i. Define condition of market makers or customer of the Bank 
 
On an annual basis, the condition of the Bank will be redefined to be considered market makers (the Bank must be among the 4 main market operators) or 
clients in each of the financial products that it operates. 
 
This will be done with information from the two main brokers in the national market: Tradition and ICAP. 
 
ii. Condition of market makers 
 
For products (markets) where the Bank is a liquidity provider, they will be valued at mid-price and no bid-offer adjustment will be made to their 
valuation. 
 
iii. Condition of customer 
 
For products (markets) where the Bank is considered that the Bank is a requestor of instruments of a different nature, they will be valued at mid-price and 
the bid-offer adjustment will be made to their valuation or they will be valued at bid if there are liquid peaks. 
 
The Bank also makes an adjustment associated with the FVA (Funding Valuation Adjustment) financing risk was added, which captures the financing 
differential of unsecured derivatives above the risk-free rate and other technical considerations. 
 
iv. Subsequent measurement of financial liabilities 
 
After initial recognition, the Bank will measure a financial liability at amortized cost. 
 
v. Derecognition of financial assets and liabilities  
 
Financial assets are derecognized when, and only when: 
 
- 
The contractual rights to the cash flows of the financial asset expire, or 
- 
The Bank transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, and therefore the Bank derecognizes the financial 
asset and separately recognizes the rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. 
 
In some cases, the Bank enters into transactions for which it retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of the financial asset, but assumes the 
contractual obligation to pay the cash flows in an agreement that meets all the required conditions, that is, the Bank only transfers amounts collected 
from original assets, the sale or pledge of original assets is prohibited, and the Bank is required to remit the cash flows collected without significant 
delay. 
 
When a financial asset is sold and the Bank agrees to buy it (or an asset that is substantially the same) at a fixed price at a future date, the Bank continues 
to recognize the financial assets in full in the interim statements of financial position, because it retains substantially all risks and rewards of ownership, 
the cash consideration received is recognized as a financial asset, and a financial liability is recognized for the obligation to pay the repurchase price. 
 
Financial liabilities are derecognized when, and only when, they are discharged, canceled, or expire. 
 
vi. Impairment of a financial asset according to IFRS 9 
 
The Bank applies the value impairment requirements for the recognition and measurement of a loss allowance to financial assets according to the model 
of "expected credit losses" (ECL) to assets financial assets measured at amortized cost and fair value through other comprehensive income (FROCI), 
excluding loans ("Loans and advances to banks" and "Loans and receivables from customers commercial, residential and consumer "), of the caption 
"Financial assets at amortized cost", or on “Contingent Loans”, since the criteria for these issues are dealt with in accordance with Chapters B-1 on 
provisions for credit loss B-3 on contingent loans of the Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks, respectively. 
 
The new model uses a dual measurement approach, whereby the loss margin is measured as: 
 
- 
12-month expected credit losses. 
- 
Lifetime expected credit losses. 
 
The measurement basis depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in accordance with changes in 
credit quality since initial recognition. IFRS 9 describes a “three-stage” impairment model according to the following table: 
 
Change in credit quality since initial recognition 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Initial recognition 
Significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition 
Credit-impaired assets 
12-month ECL 
Lifetime ECL 
Lifetime ECL 
 
 
At the end of each reporting period, the Bank assessed whether the credit risk of financial instruments has increased significantly since initial recognition 
or whether an asset is considered credit-impaired and, consequently, is classified as a financial instrument at the respective stage: 
 
- 
Stage 1: Financial assets that have not significantly increased their credit risk with respect to their assessment at origination, 12-month ECL are 
recognized. 
 
- 
Stage 2: When a Financial asset has shown a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the Bank records an allowance for lifetime ECL, 
Loans in this stage also include facilities, where the credit risk has improved, and the loan has been returned to stage 2. 
 
- 
Stage 3: Financial instruments that are considered to be in default are included in this stage, Similar to stage 2, the allowance for credit losses is 
made on the basis of the expected credit losses over the life of the instrument. 
 
The Bank considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort and that may affect the credit risk in a financial 
instrument, including forward-looking information to determine a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Forward-looking 
information includes past events, current conditions, and forecast of future economic conditions (macroeconomic data). 
 
 
F-17

--- Page 320 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 15 
 
 
 
Credit risk assessment and forward-looking information (including macroeconomic factors), includes quantitative and qualitative information based on 
the Bank's historical experience, some examples are: 
 
i. 
Financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant change in the borrower's ability to meet its debt obligations. 
ii. 
An actual or expected internal credit rating downgrade for the borrower or a behavioral rating downgrade. 
iii. An actual or expected significant change in the operating results of the borrower. 
iv. IV, Significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same borrower. 
v. 
Significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in the quality of third-party guarantees or credit enhancements. 
vi. Reductions in financial support from a parent entity or other affiliate. 
vii. Expected changes in loan documentation, including expected breach of contract that may lead to covenant waivers or amendments, interest rate 
step-ups, requiring additional collateral or guarantees, or other changes in the contractual framework of the instrument. 
 
I. 
Measurement of expected credit losses 
 
ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses, i.e., the present value of all cash shortfalls. 
 
A cash shortfall is the difference between the cash flows that are due to an entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the entity 
expects to receive. The three main components for measuring the ECL are: 
 
PD: The probability of default is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a particular time horizon, A default can only occur at a certain time 
during the evaluated period if the operation has not previously been derecognized and is still in the portfolio. 
 
LGD: The loss given default that arises in the event that a default occurs at a given time. It is based on the difference between the contractual cash 
flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, even from the realization of any collateral. 
 
EAD: Exposure at default is an estimate of exposure at a future default date, considering expected changes in exposure after the reporting date, 
including repayments of principal and interest, whether contractually scheduled or otherwise. The expected withdrawal of the committed facilities 
and accrued interest for late payments. 
 
To measure 12-month and lifetime ECL, cash shortfalls are identified as follows: 
 
- 
12-month expected credit losses: the portion of lifetime expected credit losses that represents expected credit losses that result from default events 
on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. 
 
- 
Lifetime expected credit losses: the expected credit losses that result from all possible default events during the expected useful life of a financial 
instrument. 
 
A financial asset is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is objective evidence of impairment. Such asset is impaired if there is 
objective evidence that one or more events have had a future negative effect on the asset. 
 
An impairment loss in respect of financial assets measured at amortized cost is calculated as the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and 
the present value of the estimated cash flows, discounted at the effective interest rate. 
An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is calculated by reference to its fair value. 
 
All impairment losses are recognized in the Interim Consolidated Statements of Income. Any accumulated loss in relation to a financial asset at fair value 
through other comprehensive income previously recognized in equity, is transferred to the Interim Consolidated Statements of Income. 
An impairment loss is reversed only if it can be related objectively to an event occurring after it was recognized. The reversal of an impairment loss 
cannot exceed the carrying amount that could have been obtained had no impairment loss been recognized for that asset in prior periods. The reversal is 
recognized in profit or loss for the period, except for financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, in which case the 
accumulated impairment loss recognized in other comprehensive income will be reclassified from equity to profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment, 
even if the financial asset has not been derecognized. 
 
k. 
Operations with reverse repurchase, repurchase and securities lending agreements 
 
Reverse repurchase agreement operations are performed as a form of investment. Under these agreements, financial instruments are purchased, which 
are included as assets in the caption “Repurchase agreements and securities lending”, which are measured according to the agreed interest rate. 
 
Repurchase agreements are also performed as a form of financing. In this regard, investments that are sold subject to a repurchase obligation and that 
serve as collateral for the operation, are part of their respective captions "financial assets at fair value through profit or loss" or "financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income-” 
 
l. 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedges 
 
The Bank has chosen to continue using the guidelines of IAS 39 for hedge accounting. If the derivative instrument is classified for hedge accounting 
purposes, it can be: (1) a fair value hedge of existing assets or liabilities or firm commitments, or (2) a cash flow hedge related to existing assets or 
liabilities or expected transactions, A hedging relationship for hedge accounting purposes shall meet all the following conditions: (a) at the inception of 
the hedge, there is formal designation and documentation of the hedging relationship; (b) the hedge is expected to be highly effective; (c) the effectiveness 
of the hedge can be reasonably measured and (d) the hedge is highly effective relative to the hedged risk on a continuous basis throughout the hedging 
relationship. 
 
When a derivative hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of an existing asset or liability, the latter is recognized at its fair value in relation to 
the specific hedged risk. The gain or loss from re-measuring the fair value, both hedged item and of the hedging derivative, are recognized in profit or 
loss for the period. 
 
If the hedged item in a fair value hedge is a firm commitment, changes in the fair value of the commitment with respect to the hedged risk are recognized 
as an asset or liability with effect on profit or loss for the period. The gain or loss from re-measuring the hedging instrument at fair value are recognized 
in profit or loss the period. When an asset or liability is acquired as a result of the commitment, the initial recognition of the acquired asset or liability 
is adjusted to incorporate the cumulative change in the fair value measurement of the firm commitment that was recognized in the Interim Consolidated 
Statements of Financial Position. 
 
When a derivative hedge the exposure to changes in the cash flows of existing assets or liabilities or expected transactions, the effective portion of the 
changes in fair value with respect to the hedged risk is recognized in equity. Any ineffective portion is recognized directly in profit or loss for the period. 
 
The amounts recognized directly in equity are accounted for in profit or loss in the same periods in which hedged assets or liabilities affect profit or loss. 
 
F-18

--- Page 321 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 16 
 
 
 
When a fair value hedge of interest rates is made for a portfolio and the hedged item is a currency amount rather than individual assets or liabilities. The 
gains or losses from the fair value measurement of both the hedged portfolio and of the hedging derivative, are recognized with effect to profit or loss 
for the period, but the measurement at fair value of the hedged portfolio is presented in the Interim Consolidated Statements of Financial Position under 
the captions "Other assets" or "Other liabilities", depending on the hedged portfolio position at a point in time. 
 
m. 
Loans and receivables from customers (loans and advances) 
 
Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market and that the Bank 
does not intend to sell immediately or in the short term. 
 
Loans and receivables are initially measured at fair value plus direct transaction costs and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective 
interest rate method. These include commercial and foreign trade loans, consumer, and mortgage loans, among others. 
 
i. Lease agreements: 
Receivables from lease agreements, included in the caption "Loans and receivables from customers", correspond to the periodic rental payments of 
agreements that meet the requirements to be classified as finance leases and are presented at their present value. 
ii. Factoring operations: 
 
The Bank, through its subsidiary BCI Factoring SA, performs operations with its customers, whereby it receives invoices and other commercial papers 
representing the credit with or without recourse to the transferor, paying the transferor a percentage of the total amount’s receivable from the debtor for the 
transferred documents. 
 
n. 
Provisions for credit loss of loans and contingent loans 
 
The allowances required to cover the risk of credit losses have been established following the standards and instructions issued by the CMF. 
 
Loans are recorded net of such allowances or showing the deduction. In the case of the provisions for contingent loans, they are presented as liabilities 
in the “Allowances” caption. 
 
The Bank and its subsidiaries use models or methods, based on the individual and group analysis of the debtors, which were approved by the Board of 
Directors to establish the loan allowances indicated in the Compendium of Accounting Standards of the Financial Market Commission. 
 
i. 
Allowances for individual assessment: 
 
The individual assessment of debtors is necessary when dealing with clients that, due to their size, complexity, or exposure level, required to be known and 
analyzed in detail. 
Naturally, the analysis of debtors should focus on their capacity and willingness to meet their credit obligations, through sufficient and reliable 
information, and must also analyze their credits in terms of guarantees, terms, interest rates, currency, adjustability, etc. 
For establishing the allowance, debtors and their operations related to loans and receivables and contingent loans must be classified in the corresponding 
categories, with the prior assignment to one of the following three portfolio categories: normal, substandard, and non-performing. 
 
- 
Regular and substandard performance portfolios: 
 
The regular performance portfolio includes those debtors whose payment ability allows them to meet their obligations and commitments, and according 
to the assessment of their economic-financial situation, it is not expected that this condition will change. The classifications assigned to this portfolio are 
categories A1 to A6. 
 
The substandard portfolio will include debtors with financial difficulties or a significant deterioration of their ability to pay and on which reasonable 
doubt exists as to the repayment of principal and interest in the contractual terms agreed, showing low margins to meet their short-term financial 
obligations. 
 
This portfolio also includes debtors, which recently have shown delinquency (payments overdue) in excess of thirty days. The classifications assigned 
to this portfolio are categories B1 to B4 of the rating scale. 
 
 
F-19

--- Page 322 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 17 
 
 
 
As a result of the individual analysis of these debtors, they must be classified in the following categories; subsequently assigning them the probability of 
default and loss given default percentages that result in the subsequent loss percentage: 
 
Type of portfolio 
Debtor rating 
Probability of default (PD) (%) 
Loss given default (LGD) (%) 
Expected loss (%) 
 
 
Regular portfolio 
A1 
0.04 
90.00 
0.036000 
A2 
0.10 
82.50 
0.082500 
A3 
0.25 
87.50 
0.218750 
A4 
2.00 
87.50 
1.750000 
A5 
4.75 
90.00 
4.275000 
A6 
10.00 
90.00 
9.000000 
 
Substandard portfolio 
B1 
15.00 
92.50 
13.875000 
B2 
22.00 
92.50 
20.350000 
B3 
33.00 
97.50 
32.175000 
B4 
45.00 
97.50 
43.875000 
 
Provision on regular and substandard performance portfolios: 
 
To determine the amount of the allowances that must be established for the regular and substandard performance portfolios. The exposure subject to 
provisions should first be estimated, to which the respective loss percentages (expressed in decimals) will comprise the probability of default (PD) and 
loss given default (LGD) established for the category within which the debtor and/or its qualified co-debtor is included, as applicable. 
The exposure subject to provisions corresponds to loans plus contingent loans, less amounts that would be recovered by means of executing guarantees, 
Likewise, placement is understood as the carrying amount of the loans and receivables from the corresponding debtor, while for contingent loans. The 
value resulting from the application of the provisions stated in No. 3 of Chapter B-3 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards. 
 
- Non-performing portfolio: 
 
It includes debtors and their loans whose recovery is deemed to be remote, because their ability to pay is deteriorated or non-existent. Those debtors with 
clear indications of a possible bankruptcy are part of this portfolio, as well as those in which a forced restructuring of debts is necessary to avoid default 
and. In addition, any debtor whose repayment of principal and interest of a credit is overdue for a period equal or exceeding 90 days. 
 
This portfolio comprises debtors from categories C1 to C6 of the classification scale established below and all loans, including 100% of the amount of 
contingent loans, held by those same debtors. 
 
For purposes of establishing allowances on the non-performing portfolio, the use of allowance percentages that must be applied to the amount of the 
exposure is established, which corresponds to the sum of loans and contingent loans held by the same debtor. To apply this percentage, an expected loss 
rate must first be estimated, deducting from the amount of the exposure the amounts recoverable through the execution of the guarantees and, if there is 
specific background information that justifies it, also deducting the present value of the recoveries that can be obtained by exerting collection actions, net 
of the expenses associated with them. This loss rate must fall into one of the six categories defined according to the range of losses effectively expected 
by the Bank for all operations of the same debtor. 
 
These categories, their range of loss as estimated by the Bank and the allowance percentages that should ultimately be applied on the amounts of the 
exposures, are indicated in the following table: 
 
Type of portfolio 
Risk Scale 
Expected Loss Range 
Allowance (%) 
 
 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
C1 
Until 3 % 
2 
C2 
More than 3% up to 20% 
10 
C3 
More than 20% up to 30% 
25 
C4 
More than 30% up to 50% 
40 
C5 
More than 50% up to 80% 
65 
C6 
More than 80% 
90 
 
  
ii. 
Allowances for group assessment: 
 
The group assessment is aimed at group commercial loan portfolios classified in the model of group, consumer, and home mortgage allowances. 
For the determination of allowances of the group portfolio, groups of loans with homogeneous characteristics in terms of the type of debtor and agreed 
conditions are analyzed. In this way, allowances are established based on the expected losses derived from a certain probability of default (PD) and a 
percentage of severity of the loss, or loss given default (LGD), both parameters based on historical analysis and technically based estimates. 
 
The amount of allowances to establish will be obtained by multiplying the total amount exposed in the respective group by the percentages of estimated 
default and loss given default. 
 
a. Group commercial loans: 
 
The Bank applies the standard model of allowances for commercial loans of the group portfolio, whether corresponds to commercial lease transactions, 
student loans or other types of commercial loans. 
 
Commercial lease transactions 
 
For these transactions, the allowance factor must be applied to the current value of the commercial lease transactions (including the purchase option) and 
will depend on the delinquency of each operation. The type of leased asset and the relationship, at the closing of each month, between the current value of 
each operation and the value of the leased asset (PVB), as indicated in the following tables: 
 
Probability of Default (PD) applicable according to delinquency and type of asset (%) 
Past due days of the operation at the end of 
the month 
Type of Good 
Residential 
Non-residential 
0 
0.79 
1.61 
01-29 
7.94 
12.02 
30-59 
28.76 
40.88 
60-89 
58.76 
69.38 
Non-performing portfolio 
100.00 
100.00 
 
 
 
F-20

--- Page 323 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 18 
 
 
 
 
Loss Given Default (LGD) applicable according to PVB tranche and type of asset (%) 
PVB = Current value of the operation / Value of the leased asset 
PVB Section 
Residential 
Non-residential 
PVB <= 40% 
0.05 
18.20 
40% < PVB <= 50% 
0.05 
57.00 
50% < PVB <= 80% 
5.10 
68.40 
80% < PVB <= 90% 
23.20 
75.10 
PVB > 90% 
36.20 
78.90 
 
The determination of the PVB ratio will be made considering the appraisal value, expressed in UF for residential and in pesos for non-residential, 
recognized at the time they corresponding loan is granted, taking into account possible situations that at that time may be causing transitory increases in 
the prices of the good. 
 
Student loans 
 
For these transactions, the allowance factor must be applied on the student loan and the exposure of the contingent loan, when applicable. The 
determination of said factor depends on the type of student loan and the demand for payment of principal or interest, at the end of each month. When 
payment is due, the factor will also depend on its delinquency. 
 
For loan classification purposes, a distinction is made between those granted to finance higher education in accordance with Law No. 20,027 (CAE) 
and. On the other hand, CORFO-guaranteed loans, or other student loans.  
 
Probability of Default (PD) applicable according to payment enforceability, delinquency, and type of loan (%) 
Presents enforceability of the 
payment of principal or interest 
at the end of the month 
Days past due at the end of the month 
Type of Student Loan 
CAE 
CORFO or other 
 
 
Yes 
0 
5.20 
2.90 
01-29 
37.20 
15.00 
30-59 
59.00 
43.40 
60-89 
72.80 
71.90 
Portfolio in Default 
100.00 
100.00 
No 
n/a 
41.60 
16.50 
 
Loss given the Default (LGD) applicable according to payment enforceability and type of loan 
Presents enforceability of the 
payment of principal or interest at 
the end of the month 
Type of Student Loan 
CAE 
CORFO or other 
Yes 
70.90 
No 
50.30 
45.80 
 
Generic commercial loans and factoring 
 
For factoring transactions and other commercial loans, the allowance factor, applicable to the amount of the loan and to the exposure of the contingent 
loan, will depend on the delinquency of each operation and the relationship that exists, at the end of each month, between the obligations that the debtor 
has with the bank and the value of the real guarantees that protect them (PTVG). As indicated in the following tables: 
 
 
Probability of Default (PD) applicable according to delinquency and PTVG (%) tranche 
Days past due at the end of 
the month 
With guarantee 
Without guarantee 
PTVG<=100% 
PGTV>100% 
0 
1.86 
2.68 
4.91 
01-29 
11.60 
13.45 
22.93 
30-59 
25.33 
26.92 
45.30 
60-89 
41.31 
41.31 
61.63 
Non-performing portfolio 
100.00 
100.00 
100.00 
 
Loss Given Default (PDI) applicable according to PTVG (%) tranche 
(With/without) 
guarantees 
PTVG 
Generic commercial 
transactions or 
factoring without 
recourse of the 
transferor 
Factoring with recourse of 
the transferor 
With guarantee 
PTVG <= 60% 
5.00 
3.20 
60% < PTVG <= 75% 
20.30 
12.80 
75% < PTVG <= 90% 
32.20 
20.30 
90% < PTVG 
43.00 
27.10 
Without guarantees 
56.90 
35.90 
 
 
The guarantees used for purposes of calculating the PTVG ratio of this method may be specific or general. Including those that are simultaneously 
specific and general. 
 
A guarantee may only be considered if, according to the respective hedge clauses, it was established in the first place in favor of the bank and only 
guarantees the debtor’s credits with respect to which it is debited (not shared with other debtors). The invoices assigned in the factoring transactions, or 
the guarantees associated with the residential loans of the mortgage portfolio, regardless of their coverage clauses, will not be considered in the 
calculation. 
 
 
F-21

--- Page 324 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 19 
 
 
 
To calculate the PTVG ratio. The following should be considered: 
 
I. 
Transactions with specific guarantees: when the debtor granted specific guarantees. For generic commercial loans and factoring, the PTVG ratio 
is calculated independently for each guaranteed transaction, as the division between the amount of the loan and the contingent loan exposure 
and the value of the actual guarantee that covers. 
 
II. 
Transactions with general guarantees: when the debtor granted general or general and specific guarantees, the Bank calculates the corresponding 
PTVG, jointly for all generic commercial loans and factoring and not included in i) above, as the result of the sum of the amounts of the loans and 
exposures of contingent loans and the general, or general and specific guarantees that, according to the scope of the remaining hedge clauses, 
protect the credits considered in the numerator of the aforementioned ratio. 
 
The amounts of the guarantees used in the PTVG ratio described above must be determined according to: 
 
- 
The last valuation of the guarantee, whether appraisal or fair value, depending on the type of real guarantee in question. 
 
To determine the fair value. The criteria indicated in Chapter 7-12 of the Updated Compendium of Standards must be considered. 
 
- 
Eventual situations that could be generating transitory increases in the values of the guarantees 
- 
Limitations to the amount of hedge established in their respective clauses 
- 
Provisions for deductible amount related to FOGAPE Covid-19 guarantees 
 
To determine the specific provisions of the loans guaranteed by the FOGAPE Covid-19 guarantee, the expected losses shall be determined by estimating 
the risk of each operation, without considering the substitution of the credit quality of the guarantor, according to the corresponding individual or group 
analysis method, in accordance with the provisions of Chapter B-1 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards. 
 
The loan amounts associated with such operations that had been written off must be added to the aforementioned expected losses, in accordance with 
the provisions established in Chapter B-2 of the Compendium. 
 
Therefore, the total amount of expected losses resulting from the aggregate calculation of each group of operations, including the amounts written off 
for that group as indicated in the preceding paragraph, shall be compared to the corresponding total amount of deductible amount, and perform the 
following: 
 
- 
Expected losses less than the deductible amount 
 
When the expected losses of the operations of a group to which the same deductible amount percentage applies, determined according to the procedure 
indicated above, are less than or equal to the aggregate amount of the deductible amount, the provisions will be determined without considering the 
FOGAPE Covid-19 coverage, 19, i.e., without substituting the credit quality of the direct debtor for that of the guarantor. 
 
- 
Expected losses greater than the deductible amount 
 
When the expected losses of the operations of a group to which the same deductible amount percentage applies, determined according to the procedure 
indicated above, are greater than the aggregate amount of the deductible amount, the provisions will be determined using the substitution method provided 
in 4,1 letter a) of Chapter B-1 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards. 
 
For these purposes, the proportion to be replaced will be the one that corresponds to the limits indicated in article 13 of the Regulations for the 
Administration of the Guarantee Fund for Small and Medium-sized Entrepreneurs, applicable to the COVID-19 Guarantee Lines. 
 
Additionally, the ratio associated with the deductible amount resulting from multiplying the guaranteed amount of the corresponding group by the 
percentage of the applicable deductible amount shall be determined. 
 
b. Consumer loans: 
 
Group portfolio credit risk allowance model 
 
According to chapter B-1 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards issued by the CMF. The credit risk allowance models are based on a look at 
expected losses, following "through the cycle" approach and not "at a point in time" approach. 
 
These expected loss (EL) models are used to estimate future portfolio losses and are based on three fundamental components: Probability of Default 
(PD), Loss Given Default (LGD) and Exposure at Default (EAD). The final objective is to establish a sufficient level of allowances to cover future expected 
losses: 
 
EL = Exposure * PD * LGD 
 
The allowance models are organized according to segments, which are defined according to the types of debtors and the types of loans: Consumer, 
Commercial and mortgage. Reasonableness criteria prevail in this macro-segmentation, depending on how customers and products are managed from a 
commercial and risk point of view. 
 
From these macro-segments, higher segmentation levels are generated to the extent that they improve the estimates of the parameters, and scores are 
given on these levels of segmentation to identify homogeneous groups of debtors, which allow better distribution of the risk in the customer portfolio. 
 
Currently, the Bank makes an allowance using the maximum value between the result obtained by the standard matrix, the Compendium of Accounting 
Standards, chapter B-1, and the internal models. 
 
As of March 31, 2024, the subsidiary Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales S.A., performed a recalibration of its model of 
allowances for loan losses in the consumer loan portfolio to achieve higher coverage in the adequacy of allowances, in accordance with the requirements 
issued by the CMF. This change in the model estimate was approved by the Board of Directors in March 2024. The impact on profit or loss implied a 
higher expense in allowances for loan losses risk in the consumer loan portfolio of MCh$14,601. 
 
 
c. Home mortgages: 
 
The home mortgage loan portfolio includes loans that have the following characteristics: their destination is the financing of the acquisition, expansion, 
repair, or construction of a house. The debtor is the natural person who buys or owns the house, and the value of the mortgage guarantee covers all the 
loan. 
 
 
F-22

--- Page 325 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 20 
 
 
 
The Bank uses the "Standard Method of Allowances for Mortgage Loans for Housing", which establishes the applicable allowance factors, represented 
by the expected loss on the amount of mortgage loans for housing, applied based on the delinquency of each loan and the ratio at the end of each month, 
between the amount of outstanding principal of each loan and the value of the mortgage guarantee (PVG) that covers it. As indicated in the following 
table: 
 
Allowance factor applicable according to delinquency and PVG 
PVG Tranche 
Concept 
Days past due at the end of the month 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
Current 
01-29 
30-59 
60-89 
 
PVG≤ 40% 
PD (%) 
1.0916 
21.3407 
46.0536 
75.1614 
100.0000 
LGD (%) 
0.0225 
0.0441 
0.0482 
0.0482 
0.0537 
EL (%) 
0.0002 
0.0094 
0.0222 
0.0362 
0.0537 
 
40%<PVG≤ 80% 
PD (%) 
1.9158 
27.4332 
52.0824 
78.9511 
100.0000 
LGD (%) 
2.1955 
2.8233 
2.9192 
2.9192 
3.0413 
EL (%) 
0.0421 
0.7745 
1.5204 
2.3047 
3.0413 
 
80%<PVG≤ 90% 
PD (%) 
2.5150 
27.9300 
52.5800 
79.6952 
100.0000 
LGD (%) 
21.5527 
21.6600 
21.9200 
22.1331 
22.2310 
EL (%) 
0.5421 
6.0496 
11.5255 
17.6390 
22.2310 
 
PVG>90% 
PD (%) 
2.7400 
28.4300 
53.0800 
80.3677 
100.0000 
LGD (%) 
27.2000 
29.0300 
29.5900 
30.1558 
30.2436 
EL (%) 
0.7453 
8.2532 
15.7064 
24.2355 
30.2436 
Where: 
PD = Probability of default  
LGD = Loss given default  
EL = Expected loss 
LtV = Outstanding principal/Value of the mortgage guarantee 
 
In the event that the same debtor maintains more than one home mortgage loan with the Bank and one of them is 90 days or more past due, all these 
loans will be assigned to the non-performing portfolio, calculating the allowances for each of them according to their respective percentages of PVG. 
 
i. 
Loan write-off: 
 
As a general rule, write-offs should be made when the contractual rights to the cash flows expire. In the case of loans, even if the foregoing does not 
occur, the corresponding asset balances will be written off in accordance with the provisions of title II of Chapter B-2 of the Compendium of Accounting 
Standards issued by the CMF. 
 
The write-offs in question refer to the derecognition in the Interim Consolidated Statements of Financial Position of the asset corresponding to the 
respective transaction. Including, therefore, that part that may not be due if it were a credit payable in installments or payments, or a lease transaction 
(No partial write-offs exist). 
 
Write-offs are always accounted for with a debit to the provisions for credit loss established. In accordance with the provisions of Chapter B-1 of the 
Compendium of Accounting Standards, regardless of the reason for which the write-off is made. Subsequent payments obtained from written-off 
operations will be recognized in the Interim Consolidated Statements of Income for the period as recoveries of written-off loans. 
 
The write-offs of loans and receivables are performed on overdue, past due and current installments, and the period must be considered from the 
beginning of their delinquency, that is, performed when the delinquency period of an installment or portion of loan transaction reaches the write-off term. 
As provided below: 
 
Type of loan 
Term 
Consumer loans – secured and unsecured 
6 months 
Other transactions - unsecured 
24 months 
Commercial loans - secured 
36 months 
Residential mortgage loans 
48 months 
Consumer lease agreement 
6 months 
Other non-real estate lease transactions 
12 months 
Real estate lease agreement (commercial or residential) 
36 months 
 
The term corresponds to the time elapsed from the date on which the payment of all or part of the past due liability became due. 
 
ii. 
Recovery of written-off loans: 
 
Recoveries of written-off loans are recognized in profit or loss  as recoveries of written-off loans. 
 
o. 
Fee income and expense 
Fee income and expense are recognized in revenue according to the 5-step approach established by IFRS 15:  
 
Step 1: Identify the contract with the customer; 
Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract;  
Step 3: Determine the transaction price; 
Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations of contracts;  
Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. 
 
p. 
Impairment 
 
For the assets in the caption "Loans and receivables from customers". The impaired portfolio is defined according to Chapter B-2 of the Compendium 
of Accounting Standards issued by the CMF as "loans from debtors for which there is evidence that they will comply with any of their obligations in 
the agreed payment conditions, regardless of the possibility of recovering the amount owed by resorting to guarantees, through the period of judicial 
collection actions or agreeing on different conditions”. 
 
The policies on impairment measurement. Assessed on a monthly basis, consider the following criteria: 
 
i. 
Addition to impaired portfolio: 
 
Transactions included by credit risk rating classified as substandard in categories B3 and B4, and the non-perform portfolio are recorded in individually 
classified transactions. 
 
 
F-23

--- Page 326 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 21 
 
 
 
The rest of the transactions are classified in groups and are added when they are: 
 
- 
Credit transactions that are past due for a period greater than or equal to 90 days. 
- 
Renegotiated transactions. 
- 
100% of the transactions associated with the customer are carried over to the impaired portfolio. 
 
Operations linked to residential mortgage loans or loans to finance higher education are not included in Law N. 20027, which may be excluded as long 
as they do not present the conditions of non-compliance established in Circular No. 3454 of December 10, 2008. 
 
The behavior in the financial system is not considered to determine the addition to the impaired portfolio. 
 
Removal conditions 
- 
Individual case: for having improved their risk rating over the B3 category of the individual classification. 
- 
Group case: 
 
a) Non-renegotiated transactions: credit transactions included in impaired portfolio may return to the normal portfolio, only if the transaction in 
question meets the following conditions: 
 
- 
Register at least six consecutive payments of principal and interest, paying them at maturity or within the next 30 days. 
- 
That it is up to date with all its obligations and has no other credit transaction in an impaired portfolio. 
- 
In any case, it must not record any delinquency in the rest of the financial system for the last 90 days (last three periods reported to the 
CMF at the date of consultation). 
 
b) Renegotiated operations: may be removed from the impaired portfolio, only if the operation in question meets the following conditions: 
 
- 
Register at least six consecutive payments of principal and interest, paying them at maturity or within the next 30 days. 
- 
That it is up to date with all its obligations and has no other credit transaction in an impaired portfolio. 
- 
That it does not have another renegotiated transaction during the last nine months. 
- 
In any case. It must not record any delinquency in the rest of the financial system in the last 90 days (last three periods reported in the CMF 
at the date of consultation). 
 
c) Renegotiated group portfolio from write-off: written-off commercial transactions that have been renegotiated, may be removed from the 
impaired portfolio, and added to the normal portfolio, only if the transaction in question meets the following conditions: 
 
- 
Payment of 30% of the originally renegotiated transaction (total balance of the renegotiated transaction) or that first six payments have 
been made, agreed in the renegotiated commercial transaction. 
- 
Be up to date with the principal and interest payments. 
- 
Have no other transaction in the impaired portfolio. 
- 
Register no delinquency in the rest of the financial system in the last 90 days. 
 
ii. 
Non-financial assets: 
 
The carrying amount of the Bank's non-financial assets, other than investment properties and deferred tax assets, is reviewed at each reporting date to 
determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indications exist, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In the case of 
goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives or not yet available for use, the recoverable amounts are estimated at each presentation 
date. 
In accordance with IAS 36 "Impairment of Assets", the entity shall assess at the end of each reporting period whether there is any indication of 
impairment of its intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, as well as of the goodwill acquired in a business combination. On the other hand, the 
Financial Market Commission (CMF) requires that "the valuations of goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible assets must be supported by two 
reports issued by professionals independent of the bank and its external auditors. Both reports support the initial value of intangible assets and valuations 
as of December 31 of each year. 
 
An impairment loss in relation to goodwill is not reversed. In relation to other assets, impairment losses recognized in prior periods are assessed at each 
reporting period whether there is any indication that the loss may have decreased or disappeared. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a 
change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does 
not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, had no impairment loss been recognized. 
 
On a quarterly basis, the Bank follows up on intangible assets and goodwill generated from the business combination of its subsidiaries BCI Servicios 
Financieros and City National Bank in Chile and the United States, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, a loss of MCh$2,530 was recorded in the 
Financial Services CGU, which arises from two concepts, the first equivalent to MCh$1,499 associated with the relationship with customers and the 
second associated with Goodwill of MCh$1,031 (see further detail in Note No. 15, letter b). As of December 31, 2022, the Bank recognized an 
impairment loss associated with goodwill assigned to the Financial Services CGU of MCh$20,442 (see further detail in Note No. 15, letter b). 
 
q. 
Interest and inflation-indexation income and expense 
 
Interest and inflation-indexation income and expenses are recognized in the Interim Consolidated Statements of Income based on the accrual principle 
using the effective interest method. 
 
The effective interest rate is the discount rate that exactly matches the estimated cash flows receivable or payable over the expected life of the financial 
instrument (or, where appropriate, in a shorter period) with the net carrying amount of the financial asset or liability. To calculate the effective interest rate, 
the Bank determines the cash flows taking into account all the contractual conditions of the financial instrument, the calculation of said rate includes all 
commissions and other concepts paid or received that are part of it. 
 
Transaction costs include incremental costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of a financial asset or financial liability. 
 
However, in the case of past due loans and current loans with a high risk of irrecoverability, the prudent criterion of suspending the accrual of interest and 
inflation-indexation has been followed; and are recognized when received. 
 
• 
Amount to be suspended: 
 
The amount of income to be suspended on an accrual basis corresponds to that calculated between the date of suspension and the cut-off date of the 
Interim Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, which corresponds to the last day of the month. 
 
 
F-24

--- Page 327 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 22 
 
 
 
• 
Suspension date: 
 
The Bank will stop recognizing income on an accrual basis for the assets at amortized cost "Loans and advances to banks" and "Loans and receivables 
from customers" in the Interim Statement of Income, when the loan or one of its installments is 90 days past due. 
 
The suspension of the recognition of income on an accrual basis implies that, from the date on which it must be suspended and until such loans are no 
longer in the impaired portfolio, the corresponding assets will not be increased with interest, inflation-indexation or fees in the Interim Consolidated 
Statements of Financial Situation and no income will be recognized for these concepts in the Interim Consolidated Statements of Income, unless they are 
actually received. In this regard, income actually received from interest, inflation-indexation or fees shall be recognized as indicated in Chapter C-3 of the 
CNCB. 
 
For the determination of the gross assets on which the provisions for credit loss are calculated according to chapter B1, suspended interest, adjustments 
and commissions will not be included. 
 
r. 
Intangible assets 
 
i) 
Software 
The software acquired by the Bank is recognized at cost, less accumulated amortization, and accumulated impairment losses. 
 
Disbursements or expenses for internally developed software are recognized as assets when the Bank can demonstrate its intent and ability to complete 
its development and use it internally to generate future economic benefits, and the cost of completing its development can be measured reliably. The 
capitalization of internally developed software expenses includes all direct costs attributable to the development of the software and is amortized over 
its useful life. Internally developed software is recognized at capitalized cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses. 
 
The subsequent expenses of the recognized asset are capitalized only when the future economic benefits of the specific assets in the related areas increase. 
All other expenses are recognized in the Interim Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
Amortization is recognized on a straight-line basis in profit or loss considering the estimated useful life of the software from the date it is available for 
use, which is generally six years. 
 
ii) 
Intangible assets acquired in business combinations 
 
As a consequence of the purchase process of BCI Financial Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries that was completed in October 2015, the merger between City 
National Bank of Florida and Total Bank completed on June 15, 2018, and the acquisition of the credit card business from Walmart (Financial Services) 
that was completed on June 4, December 2018, amortizable intangible assets with an indefinite useful life were recognized, which originated during the 
Purchase Price Allocation (PPA) process. The Bank permanently assesses its intangible assets for impairment. In this regard and, in accordance with the 
CMF regulations of the Compendium of Accounting Standards, Chapter A-2 number 7, two independent consultants of the Bank and different from the 
external auditors reviewed the basis of is valuation during the 2019 financial year. 
 
 
According to IFRS 3 "Business Combinations", for the acquisition of Total Bank the values were definitively determined on December 31, 2018, which 
were adjusted within the term established by the standard. 
 
According to IFRS 3 "Business Combinations", for the acquisition of BCI Servicios Financieros the values were definitively determined on December 
4, 2019, which were adjusted within the term established by the standard. 
 
Amortizable intangible assets recognized their portion of amortization on a straight-line basis according to the estimated useful life. 
 
iii) 
Goodwill 
 
The goodwill arising from a business combination will be allocated from the date of acquisition to each of the cash-generating unit (CGU) or group of 
CGUs of the acquirer, which are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination, regardless of whether other assets or liabilities of 
the acquiree are assigned to those units or groups of units. 
 
Goodwill is tested annually for impairment, and when circumstances indicate that it is carrying amount may be impaired.  
 
Impairment losses in respect of goodwill is not reversed in future periods. 
 
Intangible assets. Including goodwill, were subjected to impairment tests as indicated in IAS 36. 
 
As of March 31, 2024, the assessed the impairment of its assets, reaching the conclusion that no impairment should be recorded on intangible assets and 
goodwill on such investments. As of December 31, 2023, the Bank's Management estimated the recoverable amount of its Financial Services CGU that 
records balances in intangible assets, resulting in the recognition of an impairment loss associated with goodwill and customer relationship assigned to 
this CGU. For further information, refer to note 15, letter c). 
 
s. 
Business combinations 
 
Business acquisitions are accounted by applying the acquisition method, the consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair 
value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition date fair values of the assets transferred by the Company, the liabilities incurred by the acquirer to 
former owners of the acquiree, and the equity interests issued by the Company in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are 
recognized in profit or loss when incurred. 
 
In a business acquisition, an independent specialist is used to determine the fair value of the net assets acquired and the identification of intangible assets 
is considered. For the valuation of these intangible assets identified in a business combination, cash flow projections are used based on the performance 
estimates of the acquiree. 
 
At the acquisition date. The identifiable assets acquired, and liabilities assumed are recognized at fair value, except for the following: 
 
• 
Deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit agreements are recognized and measured in accordance with 
IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19, respectively. 
• 
liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment agreements of the acquiree, or share-based payment agreements of the company 
entered to replace the share-based payment agreements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 at the date of acquisition; and 
• 
the assets (or group of assets for disposal) that are classified as held for sale. 
 
 
F-25

--- Page 328 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 23 
 
 
 
Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the fair 
value of the equity interest previously held by the acquirer (if any) in the acquiree over the net amounts at the acquisition date of the identifiable assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed. If, after a reassessment, the acquisition-date net amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed 
exceed the sum of the consideration transferred. The amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree, and the fair value of the interest previously 
owned by the acquirer in the acquiree (if any), such excess is immediately recognized in profit or loss as a gain from a bargain purchase. 
 
Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders a share to a proportionate share of the entity's net assets in the 
event of liquidation may be measured initially, either at fair value or the proportionate share of non-controlling interests, of the recognized amounts of 
the acquiree’s identifiable net asset. 
 
The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis. 
 
Remeasurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during the “measurement period” (which may not 
exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.  
 
t. 
Property and equipment 
 
Items of property and equipment, excluding real estate, are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. 
 
The cost includes expenses that have been directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset and any other cost directly attributable to the process of 
bringing the asset to a working condition. 
 
When part of an item of property and equipment has a different useful life. It is accounted for as a separate item (remodeling of real estate). 
 
Depreciation is recognized in the Interim Consolidated Statements of Income based on the straight-line depreciation method over the useful lives of 
each part of an item of property and equipment. Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease period and their useful lives, unless it is 
certain that the Bank will obtain the property at the end of the lease period. 
The estimated useful lives As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, are as follows: 
 
March 31, 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
Buildings 
50 years 
50 years 
Machinery and equipment 
3 - 10 years 
3 - 10 years 
Facilities 
7 - 10 years 
7 - 10 years 
Furniture and fixtures 
7 years 
7 years 
Computing equipment 
3 - 6years 
3 - 6 years 
Real estate improvements 
10 years 
10 years 
Other property, plant, and equipment 
3 - 6 years 
3 - 6 years 
 
u. 
Assets received in lieu of payment 
 
They are classified under the caption "non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale", they are recorded at the lower of their foreclosure cost or 
the net realizable value, less regulatory write-offs required by the CMF and are presented net of allowances. Write-offs are required if the asset is not 
sold within 18 months of receipt. 
 
v. 
Personnel benefits 
 
i. 
Vacation: 
 
The annual vacation cost is recognized on an accrual basis. 
 
ii. Short term benefits: 
 
The Bank contemplates an annual incentive plan for its employees for meeting objectives, consisting of a certain number or portion of monthly 
remuneration and is provisioned based on the estimated amount to be distributed. 
 
iii. Severance indemnity payments: 
 
The Bank and its subsidiaries have not agreed with their staff to make severance indemnity payments to all events, except for the subsidiaries BCI 
Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales SA and BCI Administradora de Tarjeta Servicios Financieros Limitada, which have 
defined benefit plans in a collective agreement with part of their employees, these plans correspond to contracts with severance indemnity payments to all 
events, whose obligation is recorded at its actuarial value. 
 
These companies recognize a provision (see note 37) to reflect the obligation to pay severance indemnity to employees who are entitled to receive this 
benefit in any event. This provision has been calculated using an actuarial methodology that considers estimates of staff turnover, discount rate, salary 
increase rate and mortality. The liability for employee benefits is presented at present value using the projected unit credit method. In accordance with 
the provisions of "IAS 19 Employee Benefits". Actuarial gains or losses related to experience adjustments and changes in variables are recognized as 
other comprehensive income and form part of the balance of Other Equity Reserves. 
 
The cost of services for the current period is the increase in the present value of the defined benefit obligation, which occurs as a result of the services 
provided by employees in the current period. 
 
The financial cost is the increase produced during a period in the present value of the obligations for defined benefits, as a result of the fact that such 
benefits are a period closer to their expiration. 
 
A present obligation exists when, and only when. The Entity has no realistic alternative but to make the corresponding payments. 
 
 
F-26

--- Page 329 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 24 
 
 
 
The assumptions used are the following: 
 
Detail 
Source 
Mortality 
Mortality tables "RV-2014" and “CB-2014” established by the Financial Market Commission (CMF) were used 
Employee turnover 
The historical turnover for executives in the collective agreement, voluntary resignation or company needs is 3.33% 
Discount rate 
The discount rate used to discount benefit payment flows for severance indemnity corresponded to a real annual rate of 3.47%. This rate corresponds to the 20-
year BCU as of March 31, 2024. (Source: Central Bank) 
Salary increases rate 
The increase in salaries used for the projections, both for increase of the base salary and for total remuneration and corresponds to a real annual rate of 3.0% 
Retirement 
The retirement ages used to make the payment projections correspond to the minimum legal ages for retirement in Chile (DL,3500), ages that are generally 
used in the market, except when the reality of the company indicates otherwise. These ages correspond to 65 years for men and 60 years for women. 
 
As of March 31, 2024, there are no experience adjustments or changes in variants. As of December 31, 2023, because of changes in variables, a release 
against other reserves was made of MCh$91.  
 
w. 
Leases 
 
On the commencement date of a lease, the Bank recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability in accordance with the provisions of IFRS 16. 
 
i) 
Right-of-use assets 
 
The Bank leases a number of office and branch premises, which are necessary to perform its activities. Contract terms are individually negotiated and 
comprise a wide range of terms and conditions. 
 
Leases are recognized, measured, and disclosed in accordance with IFRS 16 “Leases”. This requires that a right-of-use asset and its corresponding 
liability be determined at the date the asset is available for use. Each lease payment is distributed between the liability and interest. The financial interest 
is charged to the financial margin during the period of the lease. As well as the right-of-use asset, which is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the 
term of the contract. 
 
The lease term includes the non-cancellable period established in the lease agreements, and generally have an automatic renewal clause, which are not 
included in the calculation of the financial liability. Additionally, each of the parties can terminate the agreement early, prior notice. For both concepts, 
only the current contractual period has been considered to calculate the impact of this new regulation. For lease agreements with an indefinite useful 
life. The Bank has determined to assign a useful life equal to the longest non-cancellable period of its lease contracts. 
 
The present value of the lease payments is determined using the discount rate that represents the Bank's incremental rate at the commencement of the 
contracts, based on the duration of each of them from the initial date of application. 
 
At the initial measurement, the Bank measures the right-of-use asset at cost. The rent of the lease contracts is agreed in UF (inflation-adjusted unit) and 
paid in Chilean pesos. In accordance with the provisions of Circular No. 3649 issued by the CMF, the monthly variation in UF that affects the contracts 
established in such monetary unit must be treated as a remeasurement, and therefore, the adjustments must be recognized as a modification to the 
obligation and at the same time the amount of the asset must be adjusted for the right of use assets. 
 
Contracts whose non-cancellable period is equal to or less than 12 months are treated as short-term leases, and therefore the associated payments are 
recorded as a linear expense, any modification in the terms or rental fee is treated as a remeasurement of the lease. 
 
The Bank has not entered into lease agreements with residual value guarantee clauses or variable lease payments. 
 
The Bank applies IAS 36 “Impairment of assets” to determine whether the right-of-use asset is impaired and to account for any identified impairment 
losses. 
 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the Bank has not identified impairment in the value of assets for the right of use assets. 
 
ii) 
Lease liability 
 
The Bank measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at that date. The lease payments are discounted using 
the interest rate implicit in the lease if that rate could be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the Bank shall use the incremental 
borrowing rate. Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise payments for the right to use the underlying asset during the 
lease term that are not paid at the measurement date, which include (a) fixed payments, less any lease incentives receivable; (b) variable lease payments 
that depend on an index or rate. Initially measured using the index or rate at the commencement date; (c) amounts expected to be payable by the lessee 
under residual value guarantees; (d) the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and (e) payments 
for penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease. 
 
After the commencement date, the Bank measures the lease liability to recognize (a) interest on the lease liability; (b) lease payments made; and (c) 
remeasurements or modifications to the lease, and to reflect revised in-substance fixed lease payments. 
 
The Bank remeasures the lease liability by discounting the revised lease payments, if, among others, (a) there is a change in the amounts expected to be 
payable under a residual value guarantee. 
 
A lessee shall determine the lease payments to reflect the change in amounts expected to be payable under the residual value guarantee; (b) a change in 
future lease payments results from a change in an index or rate used to determine those payments. 
 
The Bank remeasures the lease liability to reflect those revised lease payments only when there is a change in the cash flows. The Bank shall determine 
the revised lease payments for the remainder of the lease term based on the revised contractual payments. 
 
As of January 1, 2019. The date of implementation of the standard. The Bank measured the lease liability at the present value of discounted lease 
payments using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate. 
 
 
F-27

--- Page 330 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 25 
 
 
 
x. 
Statements of cash flows 
 
For the preparation of the Interim Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, the indirect method has been used, in which, whereby taking profit or loss 
before tax for the period non-cash transactions are included, as well as income and expense associated with investing or financing cash flows. 
 
For the preparation of the Interim Consolidated Cash Flow Statements, the following terms are used: 
 
• 
Cash flows: inflows and outflows of cash and cash equivalents, understood as short-term, highly liquid investments with insignificant risk of changes 
in value, such as: deposits in the Central Bank of Chile, deposits in domestic banks and foreign deposits. 
 
• 
Operating activities: are the principal revenue-producing activities of banks and other activities that are not investing or financing activities. 
 
• 
Investing activities: are the acquisition and disposal of long-term assets and other investments not included in cash and cash equivalents. 
 
• 
Financing activities: are activities that result in changes in the size and composition of equity and liabilities that are not operating and investing 
activities. 
 
y. 
Provisions and contingent liabilities 
 
Provisions are liabilities of uncertain timing and amount; these provisions are recognized in the Interim Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
when the following requirements are met collectively: 
 
• 
A liability is a present obligation arising from past events, at the date of the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements, it is likely that the Bank or 
its subsidiaries will have to use an outflow of economic benefits to settle the obligation and the amount of these outflows can be measured reliably. 
 
A contingent asset or liability is any obligation arising from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence of one or more 
uncertain future events occur not wholly within the control of the Bank. 
 
The provisions (which are measured considering the best information available on the outcome of the event that gave rise to them and are remeasured at 
each period-end) are used to meet the specific obligations for which they were originally recognized, proceeding to their reversal, totally or partially, when 
said obligations cease to exist or decrease. 
 
Provisions are classified according to the obligations hedged, and are as follows: 
 
• 
Provisions for employee benefit obligations 
• 
Provision for lawsuits and litigation 
• 
Provisions for obligations of customer loyalty programs 
• 
Provisions for operational risk 
• 
Other provisions for other contingencies 
 
Provisions for country risk for operations with foreign debtors 
 
The Bank makes provisions for country risk in accordance with chapter B-6 of the CNCB to hedge the risk that has been assumed by maintaining or 
committing resources in a foreign country. Said provisions must be made based on the country ratings made by the Bank in accordance with the 
provisions of RAN 7-13 on country risk and country ratings.  
 
Provisions for credit loss for contingent loans 
 
Contingent loans correspond to transactions or commitments in which the Bank assumes a credit risk by committing itself to third parties in the event of 
a future event, to make a payment or disbursement that must be recovered from its customers. 
 
To calculate the provisions as indicated in Chapter B-1 of the CNCB, the amount of the exposure to be considered shall be equivalent to the percentage of 
the amounts of the contingent loans and which is established in Chapter B-3 of the CNCB. As indicated below: 
 
Type of contingent exposure: 
FCC 
Freely available, immediate payment revolving credit facility 
10% 
Contingent loans linked to the CAE 
15% 
Letters of credit for goods movement operations 
20% 
Other freely available revolving credit facilities 
40% 
Debt purchase commitments in local currency abroad 
50% 
Transactions related to contingent events 
50% 
Co-debtor and guarantees 
100% 
Other credit commitments 
100% 
Other contingent loans 
100% 
 
Provisions for operational risk 
The Bank constitutes provisions for operational risk in accordance with IAS 37 "Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets", in which 
losses due to operational risk events are recognized, including external costs and eventual pending losses with a direct relationship to the operational risk 
event as established by Chapter 21-8 of the RAN. 
 
i. 
Additional allowances: 
 
The CMF has defined those additional allowances are those not derived from the application of the portfolio assessment models of each bank or to 
compensate for their deficiencies and must be to protect against the risk of unpredictable economic fluctuations. 
 
The additional allowances are established to protect against the risk of macroeconomic fluctuations to anticipate situations of reversal of expansionary 
economic cycles that. In the future, could result in a worsening of the conditions of the economic environment and. In this way, function as an anti- 
cyclical mechanism of accumulation of additional allowances when the scenario is favorable and the use or allocation to specific allowances when 
conditions deteriorate. 
 
The Bank has formal criteria and procedures for their use and establishment for the determination of additional allowances, which are approved by the 
Board of Directors. 
 
 
F-28

--- Page 331 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 26 
 
 
 
As of March 31, 2024 the Bank has a stock of additional allowances of MCh$365,536 (MCh$375,900 as of December 31, 2023), which were made to 
anticipate the potential impairment of the loan portfolios arising from the crisis generated by the Covid-19 pandemic. During 2023, Management 
proposed and the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors approved a plan to release additional allowances, performed during the last quarter of 
MCh$50,000 in the commercial portfolio, which is explained by our counter-cyclical model and which, together with the experts’ analysis, indicate that 
the latent risk that justified making additional provisions in this portfolio has not materialized and is not expected to materialize. 
 
These allowances are in accordance with the provisions of Number 10 of Chapter B-1 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards issued by the 
Financial Market Commission, which will be presented in liabilities in the caption "Special provisions for credit loss" (see note 26). 
 
ii. Minimum allowances required for the normal individual portfolio: 
 
The CMF has defined that the Bank must maintain a minimum allowance percentage of 0.50% on loans and contingent loans of the normal individual 
portfolio in accordance with the provisions of number 2.1.3 of Chapter B-1 of the Compendium of accounting Standards, which are presented in liabilities.  
 
z. 
Use of estimates and judgments 
 
In preparing these Interim Consolidated Financial Statements, the Bank’s Management has made judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the 
application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities. Income, and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates, 
which Management periodically evaluates and monitors. 
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed by the Bank's Senior Management on an ongoing basis to quantify certain assets, liabilities, income, 
expenses, and uncertainties. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future period 
affected. 
 
Information about most significant areas of estimation of uncertainties and critical judgments made in applying accounting policies that have the most 
significant effects on the amounts recognized in the Interim Consolidates Financial Statements is included in the following notes: 
 
- 
Provisions for credit loss (notes 13 and 26) 
- 
Impairment losses on certain assets (note 40) 
- 
Valuation of financial instruments (notes 8,9, 10 and 11) 
- 
Useful life of intangible assets and property and equipment (notes 15 and 16) 
- 
Use of tax losses (note 18) 
- 
Contingencies and commitments (note 29) 
- 
Employee benefits (note 37) 
 
aa. 
Income tax and deferred taxes 
 
The determination of corporate income tax expense is made in accordance with IAS 12 and the Income Tax Law, whose legal rate is 27% for the general 
regime of art.14 letter A of the law, which both BCI and its subsidiaries in Chile follow. 
 
The Bank recognizes, when appropriate, deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future estimates of the tax effects attributable to differences between 
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax base. 
 
Deferred tax assets/liabilities are measured, in accordance with current Chilean tax legislation, at the tax rates that are expected to be applied in the year 
in which the asset and/or liability are realized or settle. Future effects from changes in tax legislation or income tax rate are recognized in deferred tax 
starting from the date in which the law approving such changes is enacted or substantially enacted. 
 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank has recognized net deferred tax assets and liabilities as Management has assessed that it expects 
to obtain taxable profit in the future that allow using existing temporary differences at each period-end. 
 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset in the Interim Statements of Financial Position, if there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax 
assets against current tax liabilities, and only if these deferred taxes are related to income taxes corresponding to the same tax authority. 
 
In February 2010, in Washington D.C., Chile and the United States of America  entered into a tax treaty to avoid international double taxation, which 
was confirmed by the Chilean Congress in September 2015. 
 
On December 19, 2023, the U.S. Treasury Department announced the entry into force of the treaty, indicating that the applicable procedures have been 
fulfilled. In Chile, the agreement was published in the official gazette on January 27, 2024, and is effective beginning in 2024.  
 
 
 
bb. 
Dividends on ordinary shares 
 
Dividends on ordinary shares are recognized in equity in the period in which they were approved by the Bank's Shareholders' Meeting. 
 
The Bank recognizes in liabilities the share of profits for the period that will be distributed in compliance with the Law on Corporations, which establishes 
that at least 30% of the net income for the period will be distributed as a dividend, or in accordance with its dividend policy. 
 
cc. 
Earnings per share 
 
Basic earnings per share are determined by dividing net income attributable to the Bank for the period by the subscribed and fully-paid shares outstanding 
during the period. 
 
Diluted earnings per share is determined similarly to basic earnings per share, but subscribed and fully-paid shares outstanding are adjusted for the 
potential dilutive effect of share options and convertible debt. 
 
 
dd. 
Separate Equity performed by the subsidiary BCI Securitizadora SA 
 
Securitization companies can acquire assets on behalf of the separate equities that support the issuance of securitized bonds. These assets must have 
similar characteristics and each issue will form a separate equity. 
 
These assets can be from future cash flows (a "business plan" or future cash flows to be obtained from a specific asset or group of assets or company are 
securitized) or from an existing asset (a portfolio of receivables, mortgage loans, etc.). 
 
The above distinction is relevant on how the Bank's debt should be accounted for; in the first case of future cash flows. It must be accounted for in 
Separate Equity and to the originator, and in the case of existing assets only in Separate Equity. 
 
 
F-29

--- Page 332 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 27 
 
 
 
NOTE 3 – NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS ISSUED AND ADOPTED, OR ISSUED BUT NOT YET ADOPTED 
 
Standards approved and/or amended by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) 
 
a. The following new standards and interpretations and/or amendments have been adopted in these financial statements: 
 
Amendments to IFRS 
Mandatory implementation date 
Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current (Amendments to IAS 1) 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024. 
Early adoption is allowed 
Liabilities for Leases in a Sale with Subsequent Lease (Amendments to IFRS 16) 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024. 
Early adoption is allowed 
Non-Current Liabilities with Covenants (Amendments to IAS 1) 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024. 
Supplier Financing Agreements (Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7) 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024 
(Early adoption is allowed) and the amendments to IFRS 7 
when applying the amendments to IAS 7. 
 
 
Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current (Amendment to IAS 1) 
 
In order to promote uniformity of application and clarify the requirements for determining whether a liability is current or non-current. The International 
Accounting Standards Board has amended IAS 1, presentation of financial statements. As a result of this modification, banks must review their loan 
agreements to determine if their classification will change. 
  
The amendments include the following: 
 
• 
The right to defer cancellation must be substantiated: Current IAS 1 states that entities classify a liability as current when they do not have an 
unconditional right to defer cancellation of the liability for at least twelve months after the date of the reporting period. As part of its amendments. The 
IASB has removed the requirement that the right be unconditional and instead states that the right to defer cancellation must be substantiated and exist 
at the end of the reporting period. 
 
• 
The classification of revolving credit lines may change: institutions classify a liability as non-current if they are entitled to defer its cancellation 
for at least twelve months from the end of the reporting period. Now, the IASB has clarified that the right to deferment exists only if the company meets 
the conditions specified in the loan agreement at the end of the reporting period, even if the lender does not verify compliance until a later date. 
 
• 
Liabilities with equity cancellation characteristics: the amendments indicate that the cancellation of a liability includes the transfer of the entity's 
own equity instruments to the other party. The amendment clarifies how entities classify a liability that includes a conversion option of the other party, 
which could be recognized as equity or as a liability separately from the liability component in IAS 32 financial instruments: Presentation. 
 
The amendment is effective, retroactively. For annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024. Early application is allowed. However, companies 
should consider including disclosures in accordance with IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors in their subsequent 
annual financial statements. 
 
The Bank's Management believes the application of this amendment had no impact on its interim consolidated financial statements. 
 
Leasing Liabilities on a Sale with Subsequent Lease (Amendments to IFRS 16) 
 
In September 2022, the International Accounting Standards Board issued amendments to IFRS 16 Leases – Lease Liabilities in a Subsequent Lease Sale, 
which establishes the requirements for how an entity should account for a subsequent leaseback sale after the transaction date. 
 
While IFRS 16 includes requirements on how to account for a sale with subsequent leaseback on the date the transaction takes place, the Standard does 
not specify what the subsequent measurement of this transaction would look like. The amendments issued by the Board are in addition to the requirements 
set out in IFRS 16 for sales with subsequent leaseback, and which support the consistent application of the Standard.  
 
The Bank's Management believes the application of this amendment had no impact on its interim consolidated financial statements. 
 
Non-current liabilities with covenants (Amendments to IAS 1) 
 
The International Accounting Standards Board (the Board) issued in October 2022 the amendment to IAS 1 presentation of financial statements. In 
which it states that only covenants that an enterprise must comply with at or before the reporting date affect the classification of a liability as current or 
non-current.  
 
The covenants that the enterprise must comply with after the filing date (i.e., future covenants) do not affect the classification of a liability on that date. 
However, where non-current liabilities are subject to covenants, companies will now be required to disclose information to help users understand the 
risk that those liabilities may become repayable within 12 months of the filing date. 
 
The Bank's Management believes the application of this amendment had no impact on its interim consolidated financial statements. 
 
Supplier Financing Agreements (Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7) 
 
The International Accounting Standards Board issued in May 2023 amendments to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: 
Disclosures, which establish additional disclosure requirements to be incorporated in the notes. In relation to the Supplier Financing Agreements, which 
will complement the requirements currently established by IFRS and will provide information that will allow the Users (investors) assess the effects of 
these arrangements on the institution's liabilities and cash flows. As well as the institution's exposure to liquidity risk. 
 
It incorporates a requirement to disclose the type and effect of non-monetary changes in the carrying amounts of financial liabilities that are part of a 
supplier financing agreement. 
 
The incorporated amendments apply to vendor financing agreements that have all of the following characteristics: 
 
• 
The financing provider pays the amounts that a company (the buyer) owes to its suppliers. 
 
• 
The company agrees to pay under the terms and conditions of the agreements on the same date or a later date than its suppliers are paid. 
 
• 
The company has extended payment terms or suppliers benefit from advance payment terms, compared to the due date of the payment of the 
corresponding invoice. 
F-30

--- Page 333 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 28 
 
 
 
No changes are incorporated with respect to the classification and presentation of liabilities and related cash flows and do not apply to financing 
agreements related to accounts receivable or inventories. 
 
The Bank's Management believes the application of this amendment had no impact on its interim consolidated financial statements. 
 
 
b. The following new standards and interpretations have been issued but their implementation date is not yet in force: 
 
Accounting pronouncements issued not yet in force 
 
The following accounting statements issued are applicable to annual periods beginning after January 1, 2024, and have not been applied in the preparation 
of these Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. The Bank intends to adopt the accounting pronouncements that correspond to them on their 
respective dates of application and not in advance. 
 
Amendments to IFRS 
Mandatory implementation date 
Sale or Contributions of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint 
Venture (Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28) 
Effective date deferred indefinitely 
Lack of Exchangeability (Amendment to IAS 21) 
 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2025. 
Early adoption is permitted. 
 
 
Sale or Contributions of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture (Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28) 
 
On September 11, 2014, this amendment was issued which requires that, when transfers of subsidiaries are made to an associate or joint venture, the 
entire gain is recognized when the transferred assets meet the definition of "business" under IFRS 3 Business Combinations. The amendment establishes 
a strong pressure in the definition of "business" for recognition in results. The amendment also introduces new and unexpected postings for transactions 
that consider partial maintenance on assets that are not businesses. 
 
The effective date of application of this amendment has been postponed indefinitely. 
 
The Bank's Management has not determined the potential impact of the application of this amendment on its interim consolidated financial statements. 
 
 
Lack of Exchangeability (Amendment to IAS 21) 
 
On August 15, 2023, the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) issued the amendment to IAS21 — The Effects of Changes in Foreign 
Exchange Rates, "Lack of Exchangeability" to respond to commentary from stakeholders and concerns on the diversity in practice when accounting for 
the lack of exchangeability between currencies. These amendments establish criteria that will allow companies to assess whether a currency is 
exchangeable into another currency and when it is not, so that they can determine the exchange rate to be used and the disclosures to be provided, in the 
event that the currency is not exchangeable. 
 
The amendments state that a currency is exchangeable into another currency at a measurement date when an entity can exchange that currency into 
another currency within a timeframe that includes a normal administrative delay and through a market or exchange mechanism in which the exchange 
transaction would create enforceable rights and obligations. If an entity can only obtain  an insignificant amount of the other currency at the measurement 
date for the specified purpose, the currency is not exchangeable into the other currency. 
 
The assessment of whether a currency is exchangeable into another currency depends on an entity's ability to obtain the other currency and not on its 
intention or decision to do so. 
 
When a currency is not exchangeable into another currency at a measurement date, an entity is required to estimate the spot exchange rate at that date. 
An entity's purpose when estimating the spot exchange rate is to reflect the rate at which an orderly exchange transaction would take place at the 
measurement date between market participants under economic conditions prevailing. The amendments do not specify how an entity estimates the spot 
exchange rate to meet that objective. An entity may use an observable exchange rate without adjustment or other estimation technique. Examples of an 
observable exchange rate include: 
 
- A spot exchange rate for a purpose other than that for which an entity assesses exchangeability. 
- The first exchange rate at which an entity can obtain the other currency for the specified purpose after currency exchangeability is restored (first 
subsequent exchange rate). 
 
An entity using another estimation technique may use any observable exchange rate (including rates of exchange transactions in foreign exchange 
markets or mechanisms that do not create enforceable rights and obligations) and adjust that exchange rate, as required, to meet the objective established 
previously. 
 
An entity is required to apply the amendments for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2025. Early adoption is permitted. If an 
entity applies the amendments for an earlier period, it is required to disclose that fact. 
 
The Bank's management has not determined the potential impact of the application of this amendment on its Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 
c. Standards and instructions issued by the CMF 
 
General Standard No. 501: On January 8, 2024, the CMF established the minimum disclosures of the customary operation policies and regulates the 
public disclosure of transactions performed with related parties.  
 
This standard will become effective beginning on September 1, 2024.  
 
The Bank's Management believes the application of this standard had no effect on the Bank's Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
General Standard No. 503:On January 12, 2024, the CMF established requirements for accrediting the suitability to perform the duties of stockbrokers, 
securities brokers, commodities brokers, general fund managers, fund unit trading agents, portfolio managers registered with the Register of Portfolio 
Managers held by the CMF and the entities providing investment advisory services, hereinafter “the entities”, must accredit this circumstance through 
the mechanism established for this purpose by the stock exchanges pursuant to the provisions of Law No. 18. 045, which shall make compatible a high 
and homogeneous standard of requirements, an efficient cost for the market, and the continuous and normal operation of the accreditation process. 
 
 
 
F-31

--- Page 334 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 29 
 
 
 
This standard became effective on January 13, 2024. 
 
The Bank's Management believes the application of this standard had no effect on the Bank's Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 
Circular No. 2,343: On February 9, 2024, the CMF adjusted Chapter 21-11 of RAN that establishes the factors and methodology for the identification 
of systemically important banks. As a result of a review of the regulations and the process for identifying systemically important banks, the CMF requires 
more in depth detail for the sub-factors in Table 106, in addition to an adjustment to Table 11 and the R11 file on systemic importance, in order to 
improve the quality of the information. 
 
The Bank's Management believes the application of this standard had no effect on the Bank's Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Circular No. 2,344: On February 9, 2024, the CMF adjusted instructions in Chapter 21-20 of the RAN 21-20 the purpose of which is to promote market 
discipline and financial transparency. By virtue of the questions raised by the industry, corrections and clarifications were performed to such Chapter in 
order to achieve consistency in the validation between the forms. 
 
The Bank's Management believes the application of this standard had no effect on the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Circular No. 2,346On March 6, 2024, the CMF issued this new standard on the model of allowances for consumer loans. The new methodology is based 
on the identification of three risk factors for the probability of default parameter (delinquency in the bank at the close of the month of evaluation, 
delinquency in the system in any of the previous 3 months and having a mortgage loan in the system), whereas the loss given default considers the 
application based on two factors (having a mortgage loan in the system and the type of loan). This new methodology will be effective beginning in 
January 2025.  
 
Management is assessing the potential impact of the application of this new methodology on its Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
NOTE 4 – ACCOUNTING CHANGES 
 
During the period ended March 31, 2024, there have been no changes in accounting policy compared to the prior year that significantly affect these 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 
F-32

--- Page 335 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 30 
 
 
 
NOTE 5 – SIGNIFICANT EVENTS 
 
a) Agreement for the distribution of profits for the year 2023 
 
On March 19, 2024, a Board of Directors meeting was held, where it was agreed to determine the distribution of the net profits obtained by the Bank in 
2023, which was approved at the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting held on April 9, 2024. 
 
The approved subjects are the following: Distribute the balance of net profits amounting to Ch$682,467,865,539 (MCh$682,468), as follows: 
 
▪ 
Distribute a dividend of Ch$1,000 per share among the total of 218,604,259 shares issued and registered in the Shareholders' Registry, which 
implies allocating for this purpose the sum of Ch$218,604,259,000  (MCh$218,604), i.e., 32.03% of the distributable net income for the year 
2023; and 
▪ 
Allocate the remaining balance of net income for the year, i.e., Ch$463,863,606,539 (MCh$ 463,864) recorded in the account “Prior year income 
pending allocation” to the accounts “Retained earnings from prior years” and “Earnings reserves” of Ch$136,493,573,108 (MCh$136,494) and 
Ch$327,370,033,431 (MCh$327,370), respectively. 
 
b) Issue and placement of bonds 
 
During  period 2024, no subordinated bond issues or placements have been, made.  
During period 2024, no Current Bonds issues in Chilean pesos were performed. 
During period 2024, the following placements of Current Bonds in Chilean pesos were performed: 
Series 
Placement date 
Nominal 
Internal 
Return 
Rate 
(TIR) (%) 
Due date 
BBCIW50723   
03-13-2024 
4,000,000,000 
                6.28  
07-01-2032 
 
During period 2024, no Current Bonds issues in UF were performed. 
 
During period 2024, the following placements of Current Bonds in UF were performed: 
 
Series 
Placement date 
UF 
Internal 
Return 
Rate 
(TIR) (%) 
Due date 
BBCIS30223   
02-14-2024 
970,000 
3.13 
02-01-2030 
BBCIS40223   
02-15-2024 
100,000 
3.09 
02-01-2031 
BBCIS50223   
02-21-2024 
30,000 
3.26 
02-01-2032 
BBCIS50223   
02-21-2024 
35,000 
3.26 
02-01-2032 
BBCIS50223   
02-21-2024 
85,000 
3.26 
02-01-2032 
BBCIS50223   
02-21-2024 
20,000 
3.26 
02-01-2032 
BBCIS50223   
02-21-2024 
500,000 
3.26 
02-01-2032 
BBCIS40223   
02-21-2024 
665,000 
3.23 
02-01-2031 
BBCIS40223   
02-21-2024 
500,000 
3.23 
02-01-2031 
BBCIS50223   
02-21-2024 
300,000 
3.26 
02-01-2032 
 
During period 2024, there have been no issues or placements of Current Bonds in Japanese Yen. 
 
During period 2024, there have been no issues or placements of Current Bonds in Australian Dollars. 
 
During period 2024, there have been no issues or placements of Current Bonds in Euros. 
 
During period 2024, the following issues and placements of Current Bonds in U.S. dollars was performed: 
 
Series 
Placement date 
US 
Internal 
Return 
Rate 
(TIR) (%) 
Due date 
XS2764433640 
02-15-2024 
10,000,000.00 
6.86% 
02-15-2029 
XS2764264433 
02-16-2024 
10,000,000.00 
6.84% 
02-16-2029 
XS2765503144 
02-16-2024 
10,000,000.00 
6.61% 
02-16-2028 
 
During period 2024, no Current Bond issues in Swiss francs was performed.  
 
During period 2024, the following issue and placement of Bond with no fixed maturity in U.S. dollars:  
 
Series 
Date of issue 
CHF 
Internal 
Return Rate 
(TIR) (%) 
US05890MAC73 
02-08-2024 
500,000,000 
11.57% 
 
 
a) Capital increase at Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales S.A. 
 
On January 4, 2024, a capital increase was authorized for Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales S.A. of MCh$35,000. 
 
b) Bonds with no fixed maturity date 
 
On February 1, 2024, the Bank successfully completed the pricing agreement of bonds without fixed maturity date, to be issued in the international 
market, for US$500,000,000, at an annual rate of 8.75%. On February 8, 2024, the Bank successfully completed the placement of the bond in its entirety. 
 
c) Definitive appointment of Ignacio Yarur Arrasate as a Director 
 
At the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting held on March 19, 2024, Ignacio Yarur Arrasate was appointed and finally confirmed as a Director of the Bank. 
 
d) Capital increase BCI Securities 
 
On March 26, 2024, the shareholders of BCI Securities agreed to a capital increase of MCh$5,152. 
 
F-33

--- Page 336 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 31 
 
 
 
NOTE 6 – BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
 
Pursuant to IFRS 8, the Bank has aggregated operating segments with similar economic characteristics based on the aggregation criteria indicated in the 
standard. Thus, a business segment comprises customers to whom a differentiated product offering is addressed, but who are homogeneous in terms that 
their performance is measured in a similar way and are therefore part of the same business segment. In general terms, such aggregation has no significant 
impact on understanding the nature and effects of the business activities in which the Bank engages and the economic environment in which it operates. 
 
The segment report is presented by the Bank based on the defined business structure, which is aimed at optimizing customer service with products and 
services, according to their relevant commercial characteristics. 
 
To reliably reflect the nature of the Bank's business in the segments in which it engages, the presentation of the note includes the following: 
 
The result of the Balance Sheet management is assigned to the commercial segments according to the composition of assets and liabilities of each 
business. 
 
Corporate expenses are assigned to commercial segments, based on assignment criteria for each of the units established as Corporate (Comptrollership, 
Accounting, General Management, among others). 
 
A minimum provision adjustment is assigned to the segments according to the classification of the customers that originated them. 
 
Voluntary (additional) provisions expense is allocated to the Commercial Segments: Consumer and Housing 100% to Individuals and Commercial based 
on the weight of the Commercial provisions stock of SMEs and Wholesale in the related period. 
 
In June 2021, Private Banking was integrated into Investment & Finance Banking to deepen our business model and enhance investment opportunities. In 
this way, Private Banking was transferred from the Wholesale segment to the Finance segment. 
 
The commercial structure is presented below, with the segments defined by the Bank: 
 
Retail: serves natural persons. Its business units are: Personal and Premium. 
 
SME: this segment includes companies with sales of up to UF 80,000 per year. 
 
Wholesale: considers all companies with sales of more than UF 80,000 per year. 
 
Finance: includes the intermediation of financial positions and the management of the Bank's own investment portfolio. It also considers high-net-worth 
clients and investors that require high-value financial services (Private Banking). 
 
BCI Financial Group: corresponds to business and operations performed in the United States through City National Bank of Florida (CNB), which 
operates as an independent unit, under the supervision of Management Control. 
 
Financial Services: corresponds to businesses associated with the issuance and operation of BCI Líder Mastercard and Presto credit cards, the 
origination of low and high-amount cash advances and personal insurance brokerage, among others, which operates as an independent unit, under the 
supervision of Management Control. 
 
Other: this concept includes expenses and/or income, which due to their nature are not directly identified with the business segments and therefore are 
not assigned. 
 
Allocation of results of subsidiaries by customer: 
 
Consistent with its customer-focused strategy, management of the segments considers in each one the income and expenses generated in the subsidiaries 
as a result of the attention/provision of services to the Bank's customers in each segment. As well as the distribution desk results. 
 
Allocation of balance sheet management result: 
 
To consider in each segment all, the benefits and costs associated with serving its customers, the result for managing currency and term mismatches is 
distributed to the segments. In proportion to the assets and liabilities of each segment. 
 
Allocation of expenses to commercial segments: 
 
Own expenses: correspond to the expenses of the commercial units that are divided into direct business expenses (personnel expenses, customer service, 
extra expenses, materials, and supplies, among others) and intercommercial expenses, which are assigned to the business by survey or ABC 
(transactions). 
 
Assigned expenses: expenses of support units (Operations, Risk, Management, etc.) that are assigned based on surveys (according to the services they 
provide to the business) or ABC (transactions). 
 
Technological expenses: correspond to technological expenses, whether depreciation, recurring expenses (software, licenses, maintenance, etc.) and 
expenses for new projects, which are grouped into the different technological applications of the Bank, which have a defined allocation driver for the 
banks based on their use (ABC model). 
 
These criteria have been applied for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023. 
 
The management of the commercial areas indicated above is measured with the concepts presented in this note, which is based on the accounting 
principles applied in the Interim  Consolidated Statements of Income for the period. 
 
 
F-34

--- Page 337 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 32 
 
 
 
a) Profit (loss) in 2024: 
 
 
As of March 31, 2024 
Retail 
SMEs 
Wholesale 
Finance 
Total 
Segments 
BCI Financial 
Group 
Financial 
Services 
Other 
Total 
Consolidated  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Net interest and Inflation-indexation income 
164,868 
57,316 
172,980 
35,203 
430,367 
113,679 
23,801 
15,450 
583,297 
Net fee income 
32,809 
9,843 
26,096 
2,573 
71,321 
12,015 
5,847 
303 
89,486 
Other operating income 
1,144 
2,633 
13,512 
9,106 
26,395 
11,890 
4,020 
(12,386) 
29,919 
Total operating income 
198,821 
69,792 
212,588 
46,882 
528,083 
137,584 
33,668 
3,367 
702,702 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Provisions for credit risk 
(46,437) 
(10,491) 
(23,627) 
(1,228) 
(81,783) 
(6,432) 
(30,640) 
(77) 
(118,932) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net operating income 
152,384 
59,301 
188,961 
45,654 
446,300 
131,152 
3,028 
3,290 
583,770 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total operating expenses 
(96,072) 
(35,115) 
(45,588) 
(19,266) 
(196,041) 
(83,315) 
(22,907) 
(23,341) 
(325,604) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 
56,312 
24,186 
143,373 
26,388 
250,259 
47,837 
(19,879) 
(20,051) 
258,166 
 
Income from investments in companies 
 
3,156 
Profit before tax 
261,322 
Income tax 
(53,860) 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT FOR THE 
PERIOD ENDED  
207,462 
 
As of March 31, 2024 
Retail 
SMEs 
Wholesale 
Finance 
Total Segments 
BCI Financial 
Group 
Financial 
Services 
Total 
Consolidated  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
14,403,395 
2,668,737 
13,416,750 
29,607,789 
60,096,671 
25,747,047 
520,068 
86,363,786 
Loans and receivables from customers (1) 
14,480,415 
2,663,325 
13,481,673 
4,878,980 
35,504,393 
17,314,989 
481,888 
53,301,270 
LIABILITIES 
8,147,155 
2,542,729 
12,412,224 
32,967,307 
56,069,415 
23,314,325 
427,943 
79,811,683 
On-demand and term deposits (2) 
6,853,417 
2,285,919 
11,309,306 
4,965,494 
25,414,136 
20,719,592 
2,905 
46,136,633 
EQUITY 
6,552,103 
 
(1) Corresponds to loans receivable from customers plus loans and advances to banks, without deducting their corresponding allowances. 
(2) Corresponds to deposits and other on-demand liabilities and deposits and other term deposits. 
 
 
b) Profit (loss) in 2023: 
 
 
As of March 31, 2023 
Retail 
SMEs 
Wholesale 
Finance 
Total 
Segments 
BCI Financial 
Group 
Financial 
Services 
Other 
Total 
Consolidated  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Net interest and Inflation-indexation income 
127,589 
47,218 
130,528 
26,436 
331,771 
114,547 
26,047 
4,450 
476,815 
Net fee income 
35,104 
7,833 
22,567 
1,732 
67,236 
7,424 
6,959 
(160) 
81,459 
Other operating income 
857 
3,022 
12,955 
23,773 
40,607 
8,085 
3,454 
1,000 
53,146 
Total operating income (loss) 
163,550 
58,073 
166,050 
51,941 
439,614 
130,056 
36,460 
5,290 
611,420 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Provisions for credit risk 
(64,263) 
(10,896) 
(13,010) 
(5,413) 
(93,582) 
(7,573) 
(40,600) 
12,922 
(128,833) 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Net operating income 
99,287 
47,177 
153,040 
46,528 
346,032 
122,483 
(4,140) 
18,212 
482,587 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Total operating expenses 
(94,950) 
(32,320) 
(46,507) 
(17,703) 
(191,480) 
(63,094) 
(19,734) 
(14,536) 
(288,844) 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 
4,337 
14,857 
106,533 
28,825 
154,552 
59,389 
(23,874) 
3,676 
193,743 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
Income from investments in companies 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
2,796 
Profit before tax 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
196,539 
Income tax 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
(25,593) 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT FOR THE 
PERIOD ENDED 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
170,946 
 
 
As of March 31, 2023 
Retail 
SMEs 
Wholesale 
Finance 
Total Segments 
BCI Financial 
Group 
Financial 
Services 
Total 
Consolidated 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
14,183,248 
2,855,638 
11,454,453 
27,820,339 
56,313,678 
20,804,106 
588,591 
77,706,375 
Loans and receivables from customers (1) 
13,751,255 
2,754,766 
10,980,269 
4,538,808 
32,025,098 
13,663,298 
595,146 
46,283,542 
LIABILITIES 
8,075,340 
2,478,506 
10,143,658 
32,629,690 
53,327,194 
19,110,388 
489,192 
72,926,774 
On-demand and term deposits (2) 
6,926,742 
2,214,376 
9,262,352 
5,964,902 
24,368,372 
17,569,526 
2,784 
41,940,682 
EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4,779,601 
 
(1) Corresponds to loans receivable from customers plus loans and advances to banks, without deducting their corresponding allowances. 
(2) Corresponds to deposits and other on-demand liabilities and deposits and other term deposits. 
 
c)  In addition, the Bank presents, as required by IFRS 8, information on revenues from its products and/or services, on the countries in which it 
obtains revenues and holds assets, on the most significant customers, regardless of whether this information is used by Management in making 
decisions on operations.  Information on revenues and assets by country is presented below: 
 
  
As of March 31, 2024 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Consolidated Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Total operating income  
 574,930  
 136,361  
 (8,589) 
 702,702  
Assets 
 54,759,874  
 31,210,725  
 393,187  
 86,363,786  
 
  
As of March 31, 2023 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Consolidated Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Total operating income 
 451,828  
 158,255  
 1,337  
 611,420  
Assets 
 52,572,762  
 25,007,890  
 125,723  
 77,706,375  
F-35

--- Page 338 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 33 
 
 
NOTE 7 – CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 
a) 
The detail of the balances included under cash and cash equivalents as of March 31, 2024 and 2023 and December 31, 2023, and reconciliation 
with the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows at the end of each period, is as follows: 
 
March 31, 
December 31, 
March 31, 
2024 
2023 
2024 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Cash and bank deposits 
Cash 
418,036 
529,748 
428,503 
Deposits in the Central Bank of Chile (i) 
955,604 
1,398,521 
1,008,523 
Deposits in foreign central banks 
2,595,480 
1,885,178 
1,725,256 
Deposits in local banks 
5,613 
6,704 
8,974 
Deposits in foreign banks 
411,957 
720,433 
448,459 
Subtotal - Cash and bank deposits 
4,386,690 
4,540,584 
3,619,715 
Transactions in the course of collection or payment (ii) 
 44,418  
 (171,655) 
 45,481  
Other cash equivalents (iii) 
 2,889,657  
 2,437,209  
 1,172,056  
Total cash and cash equivalent 
7,320,765 
6,806,138 
4,837,252 
 
(i) 
The level of funds in cash and in the Central Bank of Chile responds to regulations on reserve requirements that the bank must maintain as a monthly average. 
(ii) 
Transactions in the course of collection or payment correspond to transactions in which the settlement that will increase or decrease the funds in the Central Bank of Chile or in foreign banks 
is pending, normally within 12 or 24 working hours, which are detailed as follows. 
(iii) 
Refers to instruments that meet the criteria to be considered as "cash equivalent" as defined by IAS 7, that is, for classification as "cash equivalent", investments in debt financial instruments 
must be short-term and highly liquid with an original maturity 90 days or less from the date of acquisition, that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash from the date of initial investment, 
and that are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. 
 
b) 
The detail of the balances of operations with settlement in progress as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 ais as follows: 
 
 
March 31, 
December 31, 
March 31, 
2024 
2023 
2024 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets 
Notes payable to other banks (exchange) 
46,889 
57,669 
47,685 
Transfer of current funds receivable 
567,028 
825,360 
427,755 
Subtotal – assets 
613,917 
883,029 
475,440 
 
Liabilities 
Transfer of funds in process to be delivered 
569,499 
1,054,684 
429,959 
Subtotal - liabilities 
569,499 
1,054,684 
429,959 
 
NOTE 8 – FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD FOR TRADING AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
 
a) 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the detail of financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss is as follows: 
 
 
March 31, 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts 
 7,328,143  
 6,000,937  
Debt financial instruments 
 1,065,764  
 974,506  
Other financial instruments 
 70,655  
 113,254  
Total 
 8,464,562  
 7,088,697  
 
b) 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the detail of financial derivatives is as follows: 
 
 
As of March 31, 2024 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts 
Forwards 
 12,710  
 15,901,023  
 14,981,720  
 20,047,971  
 5,851,313  
 1,486,915  
 2,947,724  
 61,229,376  
 1,415,073  
Swaps 
 489,345  
 16,403,156  
 44,364,221  
 70,381,798  
 68,119,760  
 34,934,666  
 40,794,814  
 275,487,760  
 5,906,783  
Call options 
 -  
 37,855  
 23,965  
 87,301  
 23,516  
 -  
 -  
 172,637  
 6,183  
Put options 
 -  
 8,435  
 20,063  
 75,089  
 23,172  
 -  
 -  
 126,759  
 27  
Futures 
 -  
 10,032  
 56,278  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 66,310  
 77  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 502,055  
 32,360,501  
 59,446,247  
 90,592,159  
 74,017,761  
 36,421,581  
 43,742,538  
 337,082,842  
7,328,143 
 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts 
Forwards 
 -  
 18,180,525  
 18,290,069  
 22,116,555  
 6,318,869  
 1,673,473  
 2,947,724  
 69,527,215  
 976,610  
Swaps 
 59,006  
 6,421,031  
 29,762,566  
 53,913,981  
 55,887,409  
 31,574,435  
 35,839,131  
 213,457,559  
 5,022,596  
Call options 
 -  
 9,958  
 15,359  
 65,421  
 5,483  
 -  
 -  
 96,221  
 1,709  
Put options 
 -  
 8,034  
 15,814  
 37,416  
 5,107  
 -  
 -  
 66,371  
 22  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 7,368  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 7,368  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 59,006  
 24,619,548  
 48,083,808  
 76,140,741  
 62,216,868  
 33,247,908  
 38,786,855  
 283,154,734  
6,000,937 
 
 
 
 
 
F-36

--- Page 339 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 34 
 
 
 
c) 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the composition of debt instruments is as follows: 
 
 
As of March 31, 2024 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 
3 months 
More than 3 months 
up to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 
3 years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
Of the Government and Central Bank 
of Chile 
 -  
 414  
 993  
 972  
 174,294  
 100  
 317,209  
 493,982  
 480,915  
Other debt financial instruments 
issued locally 
 -  
 23,689  
 19,241  
 259,810  
 153,192  
 85,294  
 21,749  
 562,975  
 542,750  
Debt financial instruments issued 
abroad 
 784  
 986  
 1,985  
 2,007  
 -  
 -  
 35,912  
 41,674  
 42,099  
Total 
 784  
 25,089  
 22,219  
 262,789  
 327,486  
 85,394  
 374,870  
 1,098,631  
 1,065,764  
 
 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
Of the Government and Central Bank 
of Chile 
 5,224  
 43,006  
 98  
 728  
 254,966  
 146  
 156,615  
 460,783  
 452,459  
Other debt financial instruments 
issued locally 
 -  
 28,140  
 10,633  
 262,236  
 174,285  
 20,420  
 15,192  
 510,906  
 489,240  
Debt financial instruments issued 
abroad 
 -  
 8  
 -  
 586  
 -  
 -  
 32,213  
 32,807  
 32,807  
Total 
 5,224  
 71,154  
 10,731  
 263,550  
 429,251  
 20,566  
 204,020  
 1,004,496  
 974,506  
 
 
d) 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the composition of other financial instruments is as follows: 
 
 
As of March 31, 2024 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
 
Investments in mutual funds 
 11,386  
 31,523  
 -  
 1,433  
 -  
 -  
 7,413  
 51,755  
 51,755  
Equity instruments 
 15,011  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 3,889  
 18,900  
 18,900  
Loans originated and acquired by the 
entity 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 26,397  
 31,523  
 -  
 1,433  
 -  
 -  
 11,302  
 70,655  
 70,655  
 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
 
Investments in mutual funds 
 12,403  
 78,517  
 -  
 1,243  
 -  
 -  
 209  
 92,372  
 92,371  
Equity instruments 
 17,669  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 3,214  
 20,883  
 20,883  
Loans originated and acquired by the 
entity 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 30,072  
 78,517  
 -  
 1,243  
 -  
 -  
 3,423  
 113,255  
 113,254  
 
 
 
NOTE 9 – FINANCIAL ASSETS NOT HELD FOR TRADING MANDATORILY MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT 
OR LOSS 
 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the composition of non-trading financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or 
loss is as follows: 
 
 
March 31, 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial debt instruments 
Government and Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
Other debt financial instruments issued in Chile 
- 
- 
Debt financial instruments issued abroad 
- 
- 
Subtotal debt financial instruments 
- 
- 
 
Loans originated and acquired by the entity 
60,212 
58,963 
Other 
- 
- 
Subtotal other financial instruments 
60,212 
58,963 
 
Total 
60,212 
58,963 
 
 
NOTE 10 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank has no financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.
F-37

--- Page 340 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 35 
 
 
 
NOTE 11 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
a) 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the detail of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income is as follows: 
 
March 31, 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
 3,421,147  
 3,836,396  
Other debt financial instruments issued locally 
 756,511  
 913,670  
Debt financial instruments issued abroad 
 4,655,055  
 4,241,071  
Subtotal debt financial instruments 
 8,832,713  
 8,991,137  
 
Loans originated and acquired by the entity 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
Subtotal other financial instruments 
- 
- 
 
Total 
8,832,713 
8,991,137 
 
b) 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the movement in financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income is as follows: 
 
Changes in fair value 
Expected credit loss 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total stages 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total stages 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2024 
 8,899,699  
 91,438  
 -  
 8,991,137  
 29,622  
 9,020  
 -  
 38,642  
Purchases made in the period 
 940,157  
 -  
 -  
 940,157  
 1,213  
 -  
 -  
 1,213  
Transfers to stage 1 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 2 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 3 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Assets derecognized or matured 
 (1,561,168) 
 (14,503) 
 -  
 (1,575,671) 
 (4,950) 
 (28) 
 -  
 (4,978) 
Changes due to modifications not derecognized 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Exchange rate adjustments 
 467,057  
 10,033  
 -  
 477,090  
 2,598  
 990  
 -  
 3,588  
Final balance as of March 31, 2024 
 8,745,745  
 86,968  
 -  
 8,832,713  
 28,483  
 9,982  
 -  
 38,465  
 
Changes in fair value 
Expected credit loss 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total stages 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total stages 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2023 
 10,473,214  
 4,147  
 -  
 10,477,361  
 30,464  
 822  
 -  
 31,286  
Purchases made in the period 
 3,079,882  
 87,027  
 -  
 3,166,909  
 10,192  
 8,106  
 -  
 18,298  
Transfers to stage 1 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 2 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 3 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Assets derecognized or matured 
 (4,777,377) 
 144  
 -  
 (4,777,233) 
 (11,678) 
 68  
 -  
 (11,610) 
Changes due to modifications not derecognized 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Exchange rate adjustments 
 123,980  
 120  
 -  
 124,100  
 644  
 24  
 -  
 668  
Final balance as of December 31, 2023 
 8,899,699  
 91,438  
 -  
 8,991,137  
 29,622  
 9,020  
 -  
 38,642  
 
 
c) 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the detail of the present value, fair value, unrealized gains and losses, corresponding financial 
instruments is as follows: 
 
March 31, 2024 
Present value 
Market value 
Unrealized gain 
Unrealized loss 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments: 
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
 3,550,148  
 3,421,147  
 17,529  
 146,530  
Other debt financial instruments issued locally 
 759,469  
 756,511  
 2,157  
 5,115  
Debt financial instruments issued abroad 
 5,392,792  
 4,655,055  
 1,694  
 739,431  
Subtotal 
 9,702,409  
 8,832,713  
 21,380  
 891,076  
Other financial instruments: 
Loans originated and acquired by the entity 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 9,702,409  
 8,832,713  
 21,380  
 891,076  
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Present value 
Market value 
Unrealized gain 
Unrealized loss 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments: 
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
 3,930,868  
 3,836,396  
 38,833  
 133,305  
Other debt financial instruments issued locally 
 922,562  
 913,670  
 4,899  
 13,791  
Debt financial instruments issued abroad 
 4,854,439  
 4,241,071  
 2,207  
 615,575  
Subtotal 
 9,707,869  
 8,991,137  
 45,939  
 762,671  
Other financial instruments: 
Loans originated and acquired by the entity 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 9,707,869  
 8,991,137  
 45,939  
 762,671  
 
 
 
F-38

--- Page 341 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 36 
 
 
NOTE 12 – FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES CONTRACT FOR ACCOUNTING HEDGE 
 
a) 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the detail of the portfolio of financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge is as follows: 
 
March 31, 2024 
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
On- 
demand 
 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up 
to 3 months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
More than 5 
years 
 
Total 
 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fair value hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Swaps 
 -  
 185,228  
 830,100  
 1,158,582  
 1,568,392  
 1,283,242  
 2,127,647  
 7,153,191  
 545,422  
Call options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 185,228  
 830,100  
 1,158,582  
 1,568,392  
 1,283,242  
 2,127,647  
 7,153,191  
 545,422  
Cash flow hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
 -  
 37,094  
 178,049  
 92,734  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 307,877  
 1,115  
Swaps 
 -  
 202,399  
 115,568  
 1,121,531  
 2,165,966  
 1,706,047  
 3,691,889  
 9,003,400  
 1,625,617  
Call options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 239,493  
 293,617  
 1,214,265  
 2,165,966  
 1,706,047  
 3,691,889  
 9,311,277  
 1,626,732  
Hedging derivatives abroad 
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 -  
 424,721  
 1,123,717  
 2,372,847  
 3,734,358  
 2,989,289  
 5,819,536  
 16,464,468  
 2,172,154  
 
March 31, 2024 
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
On- demand Up to 1 month 
More than 1 
up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
More than 5  
years 
 
Total 
 
Liabilities 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fair value hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Swaps 
 -  
 154,375  
 830,100  
 1,127,676  
 1,347,031  
 1,258,259  
 2,098,556  
 6,815,997  
 259,071  
Call options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 154,375  
 830,100  
 1,127,676  
 1,347,031  
 1,258,259  
 2,098,556  
 6,815,997  
 259,071  
Cash flow hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
 -  
 36,795  
 178,007  
 93,667  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 308,469  
 3,980  
Swaps 
 -  
 198,420  
 149,076  
 1,390,100  
 2,807,736  
 1,718,755  
 4,035,851  
 10,299,938  
 2,292,223  
Call options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 235,215  
 327,083  
 1,483,767  
 2,807,736  
 1,718,755  
 4,035,851  
 10,608,407  
 2,296,203  
Hedging derivative abroad 
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 -  
 389,590  
 1,157,183  
 2,611,443  
 4,154,767  
 2,977,014  
 6,134,407  
 17,424,404  
 2,555,274  
 
 
 
F-39

--- Page 342 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 37 
 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
On- 
demand 
Up to 1 
month 
More than 1 up 
to 3 months 
More than 3 months 
up to 1 year 
More than 1 
up to 3 years 
More than 3 up 
to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fair value hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Swaps 
 -  
 -  
 23,500  
 2,120,707  
 1,509,265  
 631,636  
 1,134,921  
 5,420,029  
 438,020  
Call options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 23,500  
 2,120,707  
 1,509,265  
 631,636  
 1,134,921  
 5,420,029  
 438,020  
Cash flow hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
 -  
 294,315  
 220,736  
 147,157  
 55,184  
 -  
 -  
 717,392  
 4,016  
Swaps 
 -  
 81,111  
 169,588  
 916,422  
 2,560,750  
 1,722,413  
 3,567,936  
 9,018,220  
 1,557,397  
Call options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 375,426  
 390,324  
 1,063,579  
 2,615,934  
 1,722,413  
 3,567,936  
 9,735,612  
 1,561,413  
Hedging derivative abroad 
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 -  
 375,426  
 413,824  
 3,184,286  
 4,125,199  
 2,354,049  
 4,702,857  
 15,155,641  
 1,999,433  
 
December 31, 2023 
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
On- 
demand 
Up to 1 
month 
More than 1 up 
to 3 months 
More than 3 months 
up to 1 year 
More than 1 
up to 3 years 
More than 3 up 
to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
Liabilities 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fair value hedging derivatives: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Forwards 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Swaps 
 -  
 -  
 23,500  
 2,074,151  
 1,314,855  
 617,457  
 1,094,066  
 5,124,029  
 227,454  
Call options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 23,500  
 2,074,151  
 1,314,855  
 617,457  
 1,094,066  
 5,124,029  
 227,454  
Cash flow hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
 -  
 293,440  
 220,422  
 148,468  
 56,613  
 -  
 -  
 718,943  
 5,864  
Swaps 
 -  
 121,405  
 230,451  
 1,020,886  
 3,292,295  
 1,756,713  
 3,910,191  
 10,331,941  
 2,302,523  
Call options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 414,845  
 450,873  
 1,169,354  
 3,348,908  
 1,756,713  
 3,910,191  
 11,050,884  
 2,308,387  
Hedging derivative abroad 
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 -  
 414,845  
 474,373  
 3,243,505  
 4,663,763  
 2,374,170  
 5,004,257  
 16,174,913  
 2,535,841  
 
 
b) Types of derivatives 
 
The Bank uses accounting hedges to manage the fair value and cash flow risk to which it is exposed. 
 
i) Fair value hedges: 
 
Fair value hedges for both foreign currency and local currency positions cover the fair value of the position against changes in the base rate, without 
considering the implicit credit spread. These operations reduce the risk of changes associated with fluctuations in their fair value as a result of changes in 
interest rate structures, among others. 
 
Considering the different items in the balance sheet as derivatives that comply with the function of hedging such risks, either by Cash Flow or Fair Value 
Hedges, the objective of these tables is to show the management of risk hedges in P&L, as their presented values exclude adjustments and interest 
accrual. 
 
 
F-40

--- Page 343 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 38 
 
 
 
A detailed summary of the hedging items and instruments used in fair value hedges as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 in notional amounts 
is presented below: 
 
March 31, 2024 
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
Fair Value 
On- 
demand 
Up to 1 
month 
More than 1 
up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 
up to 3 years 
More than 3 
up to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
Assets 
Liabilities 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item: 
Sensitivity 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 296,748  
 128,677  
 695,162  
 1,120,587  
 5,973  
 7,583  
Items set / loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 491,140  
 491,140  
 -  
 -  
 982,280  
 638  
 5,921  
Of the Government and Central Bank of 
Chile 
 -  
 30,000  
 241,000  
 200,000  
 -  
 311,930  
 440,885  
 1,223,815  
 8,907  
 47,144  
Other instruments issued locally 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 491,140  
 520,333  
 34,566  
 -  
 1,046,039  
 197  
 3,445  
Instruments issued abroad 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 40,079  
 29,468  
 252,236  
 321,783  
 837  
 37,550  
Consumer 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Mortgage 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Commercial 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 29,401  
 -  
 29,401  
 850  
 -  
Items set / liabilities 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,126,834  
 58,937  
 -  
 -  
 1,185,771  
 7,833  
 234  
Term deposit 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 119,656  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 119,656  
 -  
 1,835  
Current bonds 
 -  
 98,228  
 -  
 358,191  
 1,175,604  
 293,164  
 765,346  
 2,690,533  
 111,124  
 9,417  
Subordinated bonds 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Bonds with no fixed maturity date 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 491,140  
 -  
 491,140  
 9,036  
 -  
Mortgage bonds 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign investment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 128,228  
 241,000  
 2,786,961  
 2,582,841  
 1,318,346  
 2,153,629  
 9,211,005  
 145,395  
 113,129  
Hedging instrument: 
Forwards 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
CCS 
 -  
 98,228  
 -  
 357,182  
 1,172,151  
 228,143  
 1,120,934  
 2,976,638  
 5,262  
 66,717  
IRS 
 -  
 30,000  
 241,000  
 2,429,776  
 1,410,691  
 1,090,205  
 1,032,695  
 6,234,367  
 116,296  
 88,369  
Options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Bonds 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 128,228  
 241,000  
 2,786,958  
 2,582,842  
 1,318,348  
 2,153,629  
 9,211,005  
 121,558  
 155,086  
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
Fair Value 
On- 
demand 
 
Up to 1 
month 
More than 
1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 
1 year 
More than 1 
up to 3 years 
More than 3 
up to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
 
Total 
 
Assets 
 
Liabilities 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item: 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
Sensitivity 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 294,315  
 127,622  
 472,589  
 894,526  
 11,150  
 9,137  
Items set / loans 
 -  
 -  
 444,775  
 -  
 889,550  
 -  
 -  
 1,334,325  
 7,269  
 5,708  
Of the Government and Central Bank of 
Chile 
 -  
 -  
 23,500  
 471,000  
 -  
 168,000  
 322,885  
 985,385  
 11,544  
 37,533  
Other instruments issued locally 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 444,775  
 471,212  
 31,303  
 -  
 947,290  
 5,277  
 3,402  
Instruments issued abroad 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 9,666  
 52,471  
 219,837  
 281,974  
 1,434  
 28,510  
Consumer 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Mortgage 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Commercial 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 29,401  
 -  
 29,401  
 1,049  
 -  
Items set / liabilities 
 -  
 -  
 - 
 1,125,218  
 52,470  
 -  
 -  
 1,177,688  
 20,298  
 168  
Term deposit 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 119,474  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 119,474  
 45  
 1,853  
Current bonds 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 405,016  
 1,154,870  
 264,053  
 591,805  
 2,415,744  
 104,083  
 9,914  
Subordinated bonds 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Mortgage bonds 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign investment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 468,275  
 2,565,483  
 2,872,083  
 672,850  
 1,607,116  
 8,185,807  
 162,149  
 96,225  
 
 
 
 
Hedging instrument: 
 
 
 
 
Forwards 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
CCS 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 440,207  
 1,106,006  
 198,949  
 757,357  
 2,502,519  
 2,232  
 76,792  
IRS 
 -  
 -  
 468,275  
 2,125,276  
 1,766,077  
 473,901  
 849,759  
 5,683,288  
 101,730  
 93,557  
Options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Bonds 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 468,275  
 2,565,483  
 2,872,083  
 672,850  
 1,607,116  
 8,185,807  
 103,962  
 170,349  
 
 
c) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the estimation of the periods in which the cash flows by type of risk are expected to occur are as 
follows: 
 
i)  Cash flow projections for interest rate risk: 
 
Cash flow projections for 
interest rate risk 
As of March 31, 2024 
 
On-demand 
 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
 
More than 5 years 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 3,432  
 36,650  
 246,554  
 326,954  
 231,398  
 2,199,991  
 3,044,979  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (5,190) 
 (51,806) 
 (268,639) 
 (340,239) 
 (251,136) 
 (2,234,530) 
 (3,151,540) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 (1,758) 
 (15,156) 
 (22,085) 
 (13,285) 
 (19,738) 
 (34,539) 
 (106,561) 
 
Hedging instruments 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 5,190  
 51,806  
 268,639  
 340,239  
 251,136  
 2,234,530  
 3,151,540  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (3,432) 
 (36,650) 
 (246,554) 
 (326,954) 
 (231,398) 
 (2,199,991) 
 (3,044,979) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 1,758  
 15,156  
 22,085  
 13,285  
 19,738  
 34,539  
 106,561  
 
 
 
F-41

--- Page 344 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 39 
 
 
 
Cash flow projections for 
interest rate risk 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 
up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 
1 year 
More than 1 
up to 3 years 
More than 3 
up to 5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 10,894  
 22,922  
 109,671  
 355,920  
 149,433  
 1,180,963  
 1,829,803  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (13,772) 
 (23,567) 
 (128,826) 
 (350,109) 
 (156,568) 
 (1,192,734) 
 (1,865,576) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 (2,878) 
 (645) 
 (19,155) 
 5,811  
 (7,135) 
 (11,771) 
 (35,773) 
 
 
Hedging instruments 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 13,772  
 23,567  
 128,826  
 350,109  
 156,568  
 1,192,734  
 1,865,576  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (10,894) 
 (22,922) 
 (109,671) 
 (355,920) 
 (149,433) 
 (1,180,963) 
 (1,829,803) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 2,878  
 645  
 19,155  
 (5,811) 
 7,135  
 11,771  
 35,773  
 
 
ii)  Cash flow projection for inflation risk: 
 
Cash flow projection for 
inflation risk 
As of March 31, 2024 
 
On-demand 
 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 
3 months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up 
to 3 years 
More than 3 up to 
5 years 
More than 5 years 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
Cash inflow 
 837  
 189,095  
 333,455  
 838,010  
 2,141,933  
 851,206  
 1,973,960  
 6,328,496  
Cash outflow 
 (5,680) 
 (203,178) 
 (327,025) 
 (759,205) 
 (2,067,528) 
 (916,561) 
 (1,772,021) 
 (6,051,198) 
Net cash flows 
 (4,843) 
 (14,083) 
 6,430  
 78,805  
 74,405  
 (65,355) 
 201,939  
 277,298  
Hedging instruments 
Cash inflow 
 5,680  
 203,178  
 327,025  
 759,205  
 2,067,528  
 916,561  
 1,772,021  
 6,051,198  
Cash outflow 
 (837) 
 (189,095) 
 (333,455) 
 (838,010) 
 (2,141,933) 
 (851,206) 
 (1,973,960) 
 (6,328,496) 
Net cash flows 
 4,843  
 14,083  
 (6,430) 
 (78,805) 
 (74,405) 
 65,355  
 (201,939) 
 (277,298) 
 
 
Cash flow projection for 
inflation risk 
As of December 31, 2023 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 
5 years 
More than 5 years 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 381,740  
 303,109  
 660,003  
 2,601,567  
 941,123  
 2,043,188  
 6,930,730  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (363,411) 
 (315,067) 
 (678,928) 
 (2,443,850) 
 (999,462) 
 (1,865,065) 
 (6,665,783) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 18,329  
 (11,958) 
 (18,925) 
 157,717  
 (58,339) 
 178,123  
 264,947  
 
Hedging instruments 
 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 363,411  
 315,067  
 678,928  
 2,443,850  
 999,462  
 1,865,065  
 6,665,783  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (381,740) 
 (303,109) 
 (660,003) 
 (2,601,567) 
 (941,123) 
 (2,043,188) 
 (6,930,730) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 (18,329) 
 11,958  
 18,925  
 (157,717) 
 58,339  
 (178,123) 
 (264,947) 
 
 
iii) Cash flow projections for exchange rate risk: 
 
Cash flow projections for 
exchange rate risk 
As of March 31, 2024 
 
On-demand 
 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
More than 5 years 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 81,122  
 1,245  
 220,907  
 333,162  
 856,483  
 321,849  
 1,814,768  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (56,679) 
 (1,388) 
 (239,218) 
 (288,280) 
 (917,430) 
 (355,271) 
 (1,858,266) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 24,443  
 (143) 
 (18,311) 
 44,882  
 (60,947) 
 (33,422) 
 (43,498) 
 
Hedging instruments 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 56,679  
 1,388  
 239,218  
 288,280  
 917,430  
 355,271  
 1,858,266  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (81,122) 
 (1,245) 
 (220,907) 
 (333,162) 
 (856,483) 
 (321,849) 
 (1,814,768) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 (24,443) 
 143  
 18,311  
 (44,882) 
 60,947  
 33,422  
 43,498  
 
Cash flow projections for 
exchange rate risk 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
On-demand 
 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up to 
3 years 
More than 3 up to 
5 years 
More than 5 years 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 2,088  
 57,341  
 285,640  
 307,759  
 816,502  
 316,305  
 1,785,635  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (848) 
 (50,024) 
 (271,560) 
 (273,739) 
 (846,939) 
 (334,448) 
 (1,777,558) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 1,240  
 7,317  
 14,080  
 34,020  
 (30,437) 
 (18,143) 
 8,077  
 
 
Hedging instruments 
 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 848  
 50,024  
 271,560  
 273,739  
 846,939  
 334,448  
 1,777,558  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (2,088) 
 (57,341) 
 (285,640) 
 (307,759) 
 (816,502) 
 (316,305) 
 (1,785,635) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 (1,240) 
 (7,317) 
 (14,080) 
 (34,020) 
 30,437  
 18,143  
 (8,077) 
 
 
 
 
F-42

--- Page 345 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 40 
 
 
d) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the valuation generated by those hedging instruments used in cash flow hedges whose effect was 
recognized in the Interim Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, specifically in the caption "Accumulated other comprehensive income", in 
cash flow hedges, is as follows: 
 
March 31, 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
Sensitivity 
 -  
 -  
Items set / loans 
 150,403  
 175,430  
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
 46,463  
 50,324  
Other instruments issued locally 
 -  
 -  
Instruments issued abroad 
 -  
 -  
Consumer 
 -  
 -  
Mortgage 
 -  
 -  
Commercial 
 (6) 
 (21) 
Items set / liabilities 
 145  
 699  
Term deposit 
 11,140  
 (20,889) 
Current bonds 
 (46,804) 
 (35,488) 
Subordinated bonds 
 -  
 -  
Mortgage bonds 
 -  
 -  
Foreign investment 
 -  
 -  
Dismantling 
 3,551  
 3,938  
Deferred tax 
 (44,521) 
 (46,978) 
Total 
 120,371  
 127,015  
e) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, profit or loss generated by those cash flow derivatives whose effect was transferred from other 
comprehensive income to profit or loss for the period is as follows: 
 
March 31, 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
Sensitivity 
 -  
 -  
Items set / loans 
 (794,944) 
 (929,428) 
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
 (139,557) 
 (82,667) 
Other instruments issued locally 
 -  
 -  
Instruments issued abroad 
 -  
 -  
Consumer 
 -  
 -  
Mortgage 
 -  
 -  
Commercial 
 (77) 
 (110) 
Items set / liabilities 
 14,606  
 8,097  
Term deposit 
 11,224  
 -  
Current bonds 
 120,730  
9,603 
Subordinated bonds 
 -  
 -  
Mortgage bonds 
 -  
 -  
Foreign investment 
 -  
 -  
Total 
 (788,018) 
(994,505) 
F-43

--- Page 346 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 41 
 
 
NOTE 13 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTIZED COST 
 
a) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the detail of financial assets at amortized cost is as follows: 
 
March 31, 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Rights for reverse repurchase agreements and securities lending 
219,716 
207,114 
Debt financial instruments 
5,478,883 
4,322,383 
Loans and advances to banks 
919,784 
680,190 
Loans and receivables from customers - Commercial 
34,307,720 
31,940,712 
Loans and receivables from customers - Mortgage 
14,277,801 
13,740,355 
Loans and receivables from customers - Consumer 
2,874,826 
2,879,083 
Total 
58,078,730 
53,769,837 
 
b) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the rights under repurchase agreements and securities loans are as follows: 
 
 
Maturity of the commitment as of March 31, 2024 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months 
up to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Transactions with local banks 
Reverse repurchases agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Reverse repurchases agreements with the Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Transactions with foreign banks 
Reverse repurchases agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Reverse repurchases agreements with the Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Transactions with other local entities 
Reverse repurchases agreements with local entities 
- 
 205,844  
 10,945  
 2,927  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 219,716  
Securities lending rights 
- 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
- 
 205,844  
 10,945  
 2,927  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 219,716  
 
Transactions with other foreign entities 
Transactions with other foreign entities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Accumulated impairment on rights of reverse repurchases 
agreements 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Total 
- 
 205,844  
 10,945  
 2,927  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 219,716  
 
Maturity of the commitment to December 31, 2023 
On-demand 
Up to a month 
More than one month 
and three months 
More than three 
months up to one 
year 
Between 1 year 
and 3 years 
More than 3 years 
up to 5 years 
More than five 
years 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Operations with banks in the country 
 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Repurchase agreements with the Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Transactions with foreign banks 
 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Repurchase agreements with foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Operations with other entities in the country 
 
Repurchase contract with other entities in the country 
- 
 177,157  
 27,510  
 2,447  
 -  
 -  
 -  
207,114 
Securities lending rights 
- 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
- 
 177,157  
 27,510  
 2,447  
 -  
 -  
 -  
207,114 
 
Transactions with other entities abroad 
 
Transactions with other entities abroad 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Accumulated impairment in rights for repurchase 
agreements 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Total 
- 
 177,157  
 27,510  
 2,447  
 -  
 -  
 -  
207,114 
 
 
c) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the detail of debt financial instruments is as follows: 
 
March 31, 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments: 
 
 
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
 2,670,994  
 1,777,173  
Other debt financial instruments issued locally 
 60,908  
 56,159  
Debt financial instruments issued abroad 
 2,760,451  
 2,501,824  
Accumulated impairment of financial debt instruments 
 (13,470) 
 (12,773) 
Total 
 5,478,883  
 4,322,383  
 
 
 
F-44

--- Page 347 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 42 
 
 
d) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the movement in debt financial instruments at amortized cost is as follows: 
 
Changes in fair value 
Expected credit loss 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total Stage 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total Stage 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2024 
 4,322,383  
 -  
 -  
 4,322,383  
 12,773  
 -  
 -  
 12,773  
Purchases made during the period 
 1,550,408  
 -  
 -  
 1,550,408  
 120  
 -  
 -  
 120  
Transfers to stage 1 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 2 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 3 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Assets derecognized or expired 
 (570,014) 
 -  
 -  
 (570,014) 
 (833) 
 -  
 -  
 (833) 
Changes due to modifications not derecognized 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Exchange rate adjustments 
 176,106  
 -  
 -  
 176,106  
 1,410  
 -  
 -  
 1,410  
Final balance as of March 31, 2024 
 5,478,883  
 -  
 -  
 5,478,883  
 13,470  
 -  
 -  
 13,470  
 
 
Changes in fair value 
Expected credit loss 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total Stage 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total Stage 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2023 
 3,581,998  
 -  
 -  
 3,581,998  
 11,675  
 -  
 -  
 11,675  
Purchases made during the year 
 808,373  
 -  
 -  
 808,373  
 1,787  
 -  
 -  
 1,787  
Transfers to stage 1 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 2 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 3 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Assets derecognized or expired 
 (62,438) 
 -  
 -  
 (62,438) 
 (1,078) 
 -  
 -  
 (1,078) 
Changes due to modifications not derecognized 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Exchange rate adjustments 
 (5,550) 
 -  
 -  
 (5,550) 
 389  
 -  
 -  
389  
Final balance as of December 31, 2023 
 4,322,383  
 -  
 -  
 4,322,383  
 12,7731 
 -  
 -  
 12,773  
 
 
e) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the detail of loans and advances to banks is as follows: 
 
 
 
March 31, 2024 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
 
Net 
Financial 
Asset 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
 
Total 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Interbank liquidity loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Interbank commercial loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Overdrafts in checking accounts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans - Chilean exports 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans - Chilean imports 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans between third-party countries 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Non-transferable deposits in local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign banks 
 920,708  
 -  
 -  
 920,708  
 (924) 
 -  
 -  
 (924) 
 919,784  
Interbank liquidity loans 
 204,136  
 -  
 -  
 204,136  
 (195) 
 -  
 -  
 (195) 
 203,941  
Interbank commercial loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Overdrafts in checking accounts 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign trade loans - Chilean exports 
 210,305  
 -  
 -  
 210,305  
 (214) 
 -  
 -  
 (214) 
 210,091  
Foreign trade loans - Chilean imports 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign trade loans between third-party countries 
 506,267  
 -  
 -  
 506,267  
 (515) 
 -  
 -  
 (515) 
 505,752  
Deposits in current accounts in foreign banks for derivative 
transactions 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other non-transferable deposits in foreign banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other credit balances with foreign banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal local and foreign banks 
 920,708  
 -  
 -  
 920,708  
 (924) 
 -  
 -  
 (924) 
 919,784  
 
Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Deposits in current account of the Central Bank of Chile for derivative 
transactions with a central counterparty 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other deposits in the Central Bank of Chile, not available 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with the Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Deposits in current accounts of foreign Central Banks for derivative 
transactions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other deposits in foreign Central Banks, not available 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal Central Bank of Chile and Foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
TOTAL 
 920,708  
 -  
 -  
 920,708  
 (924) 
 -  
 -  
 (924) 
 919,784  
 
 
 
F-45

--- Page 348 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 43 
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
Net 
Financial 
Asset 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
 
Total 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Interbank liquidity loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Interbank commercial loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Overdrafts in checking accounts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans - Chilean exports 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans - Chilean imports 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans between third-party countries 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Non-transferable deposits in local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign banks 
 681,026  
 -  
 -  
 681,026  
 (836) 
 -  
 -  
 (836) 
 680,190  
Interbank liquidity loans 
 199,591  -  
-  
 199,591  
 (204) -  
-  
 (204) 
 199,387  
Interbank commercial loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Overdrafts in checking accounts 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign trade loans - Chilean exports 
 134,761  
 -  
 -  
 134,761  
 (192) -  
-  
 (192) 
 134,569  
Foreign trade loans - Chilean imports 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign trade loans between third-party countries 
 346,674  
 -  
 -  
 346,674  
 (440) 
 -  
 -  
 (440) 
 346,234  
Deposits in current accounts in foreign banks for derivative 
transactions 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other non-transferable deposits in foreign banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other credit balances with foreign banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal local and foreign banks 
 681,026  
 -  
 -  
 681,026  
 (836) 
 -  
 -  
 (836) 
 680,190  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Deposits in current account of the Central Bank of Chile for derivative 
transactions with a central counterparty 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
             -  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
           -  
  
-  
Other deposits in the Central Bank of Chile, not available 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with the Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Deposits in current accounts of foreign Central Banks for derivative 
transactions 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
             -  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
           -  
  
-  
Other deposits in foreign Central Banks, not available 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal Central Bank of Chile and Foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL 
 681,026  
 -  
 -  
 681,026  
 (836) 
 -  
 -  
 (836) 
 680,190  
 
 
 
F-46

--- Page 349 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 44 
 
 
f) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balances of loans and receivables from customers are as follows: 
 
 
 
 
March 31, 2024 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
 
 
Net financial 
assets 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
 
 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
 
 
Subtotal 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19 
guarantee 
deductible 
(i) 
 
 
Total 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Commercial loans 
 23,273,375   3,263,024  
 1,661,353  
 728,676  
 372,238  
 29,298,666  
 (127,871) 
 (29,096) 
 (31,662) 
 (126,499) 
 (97,304)  (412,432) 
 (25,398)  (437,830)  28,860,836  
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
 1,452,095  
 13,155  
 19,937  
 8,977  
 -  
 1,494,164  
 (7,273) 
 (238) 
 (2,544) 
 (2,671) 
 -  
 (12,726) 
 -  
 (12,726) 
 1,481,438  
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
 369,595  
 23,729  
 10,375  
 8,269  
 -  
 411,968  
 (4,926) 
 (577) 
 (450) 
 (2,514) 
 -  
 (8,467) 
 -  
 (8,467) 
 403,501  
Foreign trade credits between third 
countries 
 261,180  
 -  
 12,493  
 6,253  
 -  
 279,926  
 (664) 
 -  
 (2) 
 (5,031) 
 -  
 (5,697) 
 -  
 (5,697) 
 274,229  
Debtors in current accounts 
 39,316  
 69,875  
 8,218  
 2,533  
 10,444  
 130,386  
 (657) 
 (1,953) 
 (1,130) 
 (1,585) 
 (5,716) 
 (11,041) 
 -  
 (11,041) 
 119,345  
Credit card debtors 
 7,044  
 55,257  
 1,071  
 186  
 7,113  
 70,671  
 (110) 
 (1,769) 
 (136) 
 (111) 
 (3,943) 
 (6,069) 
 -  
 (6,069) 
 64,602  
Factoring operations 
 1,147,398  
 73,925  
 14,359  
 161  
 702  
 1,236,545  
 (7,943) 
 (1,035) 
 (1,808) 
 (32) 
 (134) 
 (10,952) 
 -  
 (10,952) 
 1,225,593  
Commercial financial leasing 
operations 
 1,252,218  
 292,136  
 196,558  
 37,567  
 15,899  
 1,794,378  
 (8,677) 
 (2,898) 
 (5,295) 
 (4,030) 
 (3,253) 
 (24,153) 
 -  
 (24,153) 
 1,770,225  
Student loans 
 -  
 95,820  
 -  
 -  
 15,239  
 111,059  
 -  
 (1,282) 
 -  
 -  
 (2,816) 
 (4,098) 
 -  
 (4,098) 
 106,961  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 9,691  
 1,034  
 10,725  
 (1,044) 
 -  
 -  
 (8,153) 
 (538) 
 (9,735) 
 -  
 (9,735) 
 990  
Subtotal 
 27,802,221   3,886,921  
 1,924,364  
 802,313  
 422,669  
 34,838,488  
 (159,165) 
 (38,848) 
 (43,027) 
(150,626) 
 (113,704)  (505,370) 
 (25,398)  (530,768)  34,307,720  
 
Mortgage loans 
Loans with letters of credit 
 -  
 393  
 -  
 -  
 57  
 450  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (4) 
 (4) 
 -  
 (4) 
 446  
Loans with endorsable mortgage 
mutual funds 
 -   3,685,576  
 -  
 -  
 14,602  
 3,700,178  
 -  
 (19,740) 
 -  
 -  
 (84) 
 (19,824) 
 -  
 (19,824) 
 3,680,354  
Loans with mutual funds financed 
with mortgage bonds 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other credits with mortgage loans 
 -   10,173,813  
 -  
 -  
 424,996  
 10,598,809  
 -  
 (17,837) 
 -  
 -  
 (40,037) 
 (57,874) 
 -  
 (57,874)  10,540,935  
Finance lease operations for 
Mortgage 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 53,700  
 -  
 -  
 2,725  
 56,425  
 -  
 (132) 
 -  
 -  
 (227) 
 (359) 
 -  
 (359) 
 56,066  
Subtotal 
 -   13,913,482  
 -  
 -  
 442,380  
 14,355,862  
 -  
 (37,709) 
 -  
 -  
 (40,352) 
 (78,061) 
 -  
 (78,061)  14,277,801  
 
Consumer Loans 
Consumer loans in installments 
 -   1,588,293  
 -  
 -  
 176,312  
 1,764,605  
 -  
 (72,272) 
 -  
 -  
 (99,374)  (171,646) 
 -   (171,646) 
 1,592,959  
Debtors in current accounts 
 -  
 89,639  
 -  
 -  
 19,090  
 108,729  
 -  
 (6,704) 
 -  
 -  
 (14,154) 
 (20,858) 
 -  
 (20,858) 
 87,871  
Credit card debtors 
 -   1,191,021  
 -  
 -  
 77,189  
 1,268,210  
 -  
 (64,972) 
 -  
 -  
 (52,959)  (117,931) 
 -   (117,931) 
 1,150,279  
Consumer finance lease operations 
 -  
 404  
 -  
 -  
 4  
 408  
 -  
 (4) 
 -  
 -  
 (2) 
 (6) 
 -  
 (6) 
 402  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 43,536  
 -  
 -  
 724  
 44,260  
 -  
 (416) 
 -  
 -  
 (529) 
 (945) 
 -  
 (945) 
 43,315  
Subtotal 
 -   2,912,893  
 -  
 -  
 273,319  
 3,186,212  
 -   (144,368) 
 -  
 -   (167,018)  (311,386) 
 -   (311,386) 
 2,874,826  
 
TOTAL 
 27,802,221  20,713,296  
 1,924,364  
 802,313   1,138,368  
 52,380,562  
 (159,165)  (220,925) 
 (43,027) 
(150,626) 
 (321,074)  (894,817) 
 (25,398)  (920,215)  51,460,347  
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
Net financial 
assets 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19 
guarantee 
deductible (i) 
Total 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
 
Commercial loans 
 21,219,213   3,369,142  
 1,516,751  
 668,652  
 359,636  
 27,133,394  
 (102,428) 
 (31,008) 
 (23,225) 
 (110,016) 
 (96,969)  (363,646) 
 (26,133)  (389,779) 
 26,743,615  
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
 1,249,591  
 10,970  
 15,410  
 1,313  
 -  
 1,277,284  
 (4,594) 
 (233) 
 (1,226) 
 (525) 
 -  
 (6,578) 
 -  
 (6,578) 
 1,270,706  
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
 354,379  
 28,212  
 11,836  
 6,692  
 -  
 401,119  
 (3,917) 
 (665) 
 (1,195) 
 (1,673) 
 -  
 (7,450) 
 -  
 (7,450) 
 393,669  
Foreign trade credits between third 
countries 
 231,965  
 -  
 6,487  
 5,424  
 -  
 243,876  
 (606) 
 -  
 (2) 
 (4,881) 
 -  
 (5,489) 
 -  
 (5,489) 
 238,387  
Debtors in current accounts 
 64,386  
 69,293  
 5,189  
 1,635  
 9,561  
 150,064  
 (339) 
 (1,887) 
 (581) 
 (865) 
 (5,202) 
 (8,874) 
 -  
 (8,874) 
 141,190  
Credit card debtors 
 5,736  
 53,788  
 903  
 321  
 7,522  
 68,270  
 (94) 
 (1,645) 
 (107) 
 (229) 
 (4,196) 
 (6,271) 
 -  
 (6,271) 
 61,999  
Factoring operations 
 1,253,883  
 71,277  
 42,702  
 117  
 356  
 1,368,335  
 (10,158) 
 (1,119) 
 (4,255) 
 (57) 
 (127) 
 (15,716) 
 -   (15,716) 
 1,352,619  
Commercial finance lease operations 
 1,162,667  
 289,576  
 150,618  
 32,326  
 13,687  
 1,648,874  
 (9,245) 
 (2,628) 
 (3,025) 
 (4,267) 
 (3,778) 
 (22,943) 
 -   (22,943) 
 1,625,931  
Student loans 
 -  
 100,286  
 -  
 -  
 15,224  
 115,510  
 -  
 (1,258) 
 -  
 -  
 (2,709) 
 (3,967) 
 -  
 (3,967) 
 111,543  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 70  
 -  
 9,542  
 1,038  
 10,650  
 (1,109) 
 (2) 
 -  
 (7,982) 
 (504) 
 (9,597) 
 -  
 (9,597) 
 1,053  
Subtotal 
25,541,820 
 3,992,614  
 1,749,896  
 726,022  
 407,024  
 32,417,376  
 (132,490) 
 (40,445) 
 (33,616) 
(130,495) 
 (113,485)  (450,531) 
 (26,133)  (476,664) 
 31,940,712  
 
 
Mortgage loans 
 
Loans with letters of credit 
 -  
 514  
 -  
 -  
 55  
 569  
 -  
 (1) 
 -  
 -  
 (5) 
 (6) 
 -  
 (6) 
 563  
Loans with endorsable mortgage 
mutual funds 
 -   3,319,410  
 -  
 -  
 6,570  
 3,325,980  
 -   (17,440) 
 -  
 -  
 (64) 
 (17,504) 
 -   (17,504) 
 3,308,476  
Loans with mutual funds financed 
with mortgage bonds 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other credits with mortgage loans 
 -   10,038,917  
 -  
 -  
 381,885  
 10,420,802  
 -   (17,526) 
 -  
 -  
 (35,901) 
 (53,427) 
 -   (53,427) 
 10,367,375  
Financial lease operations for 
Mortgage 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other loans and accounts receivable 
 -  
 61,409  
 -  
 -  
 2,926  
 64,335  
 -  
 (148) 
 -  
 -  
 (246) 
 (394) 
 -  
 (394) 
 63,941  
Subtotal 
 -  13,420,250  
 -  
 -  
 391,436  
 13,811,686  
 -   (35,115) 
 -  
 -  
 (36,216) 
 (71,331) 
 -   (71,331) 
 13,740,355  
 
 
Consumer Loans 
 
Consumer loans in installments 
 -   1,579,211  
 -  
 -  
 174,027  
 1,753,238  
 -   (74,456) 
 -  
 -  
 (96,327)  (170,783) 
 -   (170,783) 
 1,582,455  
Debtors in current accounts 
 -  
 91,476  
 -  
 -  
 19,090  
 110,566  
 -  
 (6,927) 
 -  
 -  
 (14,235) 
 (21,162) 
 -   (21,162) 
 89,404  
Credit card debtors 
 -   1,192,207  
 -  
 -  
 78,984  
 1,271,191  
 -   (56,439) 
 -  
 -  
 (49,673)  (106,112) 
 -   (106,112) 
 1,165,079  
Consumer finance lease operations 
 -  
 428  
 -  
 -  
 4  
 432  
 -  
 (4) 
 -  
 -  
 (2) 
 (6) 
 -  
 (6) 
 426  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 41,996  
 -  
 -  
 371  
 42,367  
 -  
 (385) 
 -  
 -  
 (263) 
 (648) 
 -  
 (648) 
 41,719  
Subtotal 
 -   2,905,318  
 -  
 -  
 272,476  
 3,177,794  
 -   (138,211) 
 -  
 -   (160,500)  (298,711) 
 -   (298,711) 
 2,879,083  
 
 
TOTAL 
25,541,820   20,318,182  
 1,749,896  
 726,022   1,070,936  
 49,406,856  
 (132,490)  (213,771) 
 (33,616) 
(130,495) 
 (310,201)  (820,573) 
 (26,133)  (846,706) 
 48,560,150  
 
 
 
 
F-47

--- Page 350 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 45 
 
 
g) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance of contingent loans related to commercial and consumer loans are as follows: 
 
EXPOSURE TO CREDIT LOSS FOR 
CONTINGENT LOANS 
March 31, 2024 
Exposure for contingent loans before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
Net  
exposure 
for credit 
risk of 
contingent loans 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Co-debtors and guarantees 
 309,963  
 1,354  
 1,488  
 -  
 -  
 312,805  
 (3,279) 
 (25) 
 (206) 
 - 
 - 
 (3,510) 
 309,295 
Letters of credit for merchandise circulation 
operations 
 85,777  
 6,084  
 834  
 2,308  
 303  
 95,306  
 (977) 
 (43) 
 (27) 
 (577) 
 - 
 (1,624) 
 93,682 
Debt purchase commitments in local currency 
abroad 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Transactions related to contingent events 
 1,363,511  
 75,187  
 52,009  
 5,299  
 1,911  
 1,497,917  
 (8,749) 
 (1,535) 
 (9,189) 
 (3,401) 
 (1,029)  (23,903) 
 1,474,014 
Lines of credit of free disposal of immediate 
cancellation 
 -  
 375,577  
 -  
 -  
 8,781  
 384,358  
 -  
 (4,216) 
 - 
 - 
 (3,003) 
 (7,219) 
 377,139 
Free lines of credit 
 1,489,959  
 546,168  
 54,295  
 540  
 4,486  
 2,095,448  
 (14,909) 
 (7,533) 
 (1,964) 
 (167) 
 (1,594)  (26,167) 
 2,069,281 
Other credit commitments 
 850,334  
 34,172  
 2,668  
 -  
 17  
 887,191  
 (6,784) 
 (330) 
 (279) 
 - 
 (5) 
 (7,398) 
 879,793 
Other contingent loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Total  
4,099,544   1,038,542  
 111,294  
 8,147  
 15,498  
 5,273,025  
 (34,698) 
(13,682) 
 (11,665) 
 (4,145) 
 (5,631) 
(69,821) 
 5,203,204 
 
 
EXPOSURE TO CREDIT RISK FOR 
CONTINGENT LOANS 
December 31, 2023 
Exposure for contingent loans before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
Net  
exposure 
for credit 
risk of 
contingent loans 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Guarantees and bonds 
 297,995  
 3,093  
 1,328  
 -  
 -  
 302,416  
 (1,428) 
 (75) 
 (184) 
 - 
 - 
 (1,687) 
 300,729 
Letters of credit for goods movement 
operations 
 66,969  
 5,830  
 1,049  
 2,492  
 270  
 76,610  
 (367) 
 (40) 
 (53) 
 (623) 
 - 
 (1,083) 
 75,527 
Debt purchase commitments abroad in local 
currency 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Transactions related to contingent events 
 1,388,540  
 72,458  
 44,014  
 4,917  
 2,089  
 1,512,018  
 (8,800) 
 (1,517) 
 (8,389) 
 (3,009) 
 (1,142)  (22,857) 
 1,489,161 
Lines of credit of freely available and 
immediate payment 
 -  
 362,998  
 -  
 -  
 8,914  
 371,912  
 -  
 (3,925) 
 - 
 - 
 (3,048) 
 (6,973) 
 364,939 
Freely available lines of credit 
 1,383,180  
 524,809  
 50,991  
 921  
 4,547  
 1,964,448  
 (12,326) 
 (7,250) 
 (2,309) 
 (180) 
 (1,577) 
(23,642) 
 1,940,806 
Other credit commitments 
 917,082  
 50,156  
 2,346  
 -  
 7  
 969,591  
 (7,010) 
 (441) 
 (88) 
 - 
 (5) 
 (7,544) 
 962,047 
Other contingent loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Total  
4,053,766   1,019,344  
 99,728  
 8,330  
 15,827  
 5,196,995  
 (29,931) 
(13,248) 
 (11,023) 
 (3,812) 
 (5,772) 
(63,786) 
 5,133,209 
 
 
 
 
F-48

--- Page 351 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 46 
 
 
h) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the summary of movements in provisions recorded by banks is as follows: 
 
March 31, 2024 
Movement in provisions constituted by portfolio in the period 
Individual assessments 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
 
 
 
 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2024 
 836  
 -  
 -  
 836  
Recording / (use) of provisions for: 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 (36) 
 -  
 -  
 (36) 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Individual regular to Substandard 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Individual regular to individual non-performing 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Substandard to Individual normal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Substandard to regular individual 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
New loans originated 
 414  
 -  
 -  
 414  
New loans acquired 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
New loans for conversion of contingent to loans 
 1  
 -  
 -  
 1  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Loan repayment 
 (333) 
 -  
 -  
 (333) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Recovery of written-off credits 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation difference 
 42  
 -  
 -  
 42  
Balance as of March 31, 2024 
 924  
 -  
 -  
 924  
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Movement in provisions constituted by portfolio in the period 
Individual assessment 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
 
 
 
 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2023 
 964  
 -  
 -  
 964  
Recording / (use) of provisions for: 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 5  
 -  
 -  
 5  
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Individual regular to Substandard 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Individual regular to individual non-performing 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Substandard to Individual normal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Substandard to regular individual 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
New loans originated 
 779  
 -  
 -  
 779  
New loans acquired 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
New loans for conversion of contingent to loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Loan repayment 
 (965) 
 -  
 -  
 (965) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Recovery of written-off credits 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation difference 
 53  
 -  
 -  
 53  
Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 836  
 -  
 -  
 836  
 
i) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the summary of the movement of provisions recorded by commercial loans is as follows: 
 
 
 
 
March 31, 2024 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19 
(i) 
Total 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual / group 
Individual / group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2024 
 132,490  
 40,445  
 33,616  
 130,495  
 113,485  
 450,531  
 26,133  
 476,664  
Recording / (use) of provisions for: 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 3,738  
 1,474  
 2,661  
 619  
 (3,307) 
 5,185  
 (735) 
 4,450  
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) 
to (+) ]: 
 39  
 (4,300) 
 5,518  
 10,394  
 11,320  
 22,971  
 (6) 
 22,965  
Regular individual to Substandard 
 (3,699) 
 -  
 9,375  
 -  
 -  
 5,676  
 (2) 
 5,674  
Regular individual to Individual non-performing 
 (76) 
 -  
 -  
 1,559  
 -  
 1,483  
 -  
 1,483  
Substandard to individual non-performing 
 -  
 -  
 (1,353) 
 8,819  
 -  
 7,466  
 -  
 7,466  
Substandard to regular individual 
 3,739  
 -  
 (2,442) 
 -  
 -  
 1,297  
 -  
 1,297  
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
 -  
 -  
 2  
 (29) 
 -  
 (27) 
 -  
 (27) 
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Group regular to Group non-performing 
 -  
 (3,346) 
 -  
 -  
 13,233  
 9,887  
 (3) 
 9,884  
Group non-performing to Group regular 
 -  
 62  
 -  
 -  
 (1,333) 
 (1,271) 
 -  
 (1,271) 
Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) to Group (regular, non-performing) 
 (438) 
 344  
 (77) 
 -  
 15  
 (156) 
 (1) 
 (157) 
Group (regular, non-performing) to Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) 
 513  
 (1,360) 
 13  
 45  
 (595) 
 (1,384) 
 -  
 (1,384) 
New loans originated 
 31,709  
 2,494  
 3,517  
 7,574  
 2,102  
 47,396  
 -  
 47,396  
New loans for conversion of contingent to loans 
 767  
 1,108  
 569  
 141  
 1,092  
 3,677  
 -  
 3,677  
New loans acquired 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Loan repayment 
 (19,086) 
 (2,791) 
 (5,377) 
 (1,091) 
 (3,404) 
 (31,749) 
 -  
 (31,749) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 -  
 (3) 
 -  
 (3,140) 
 (7,974) 
 (11,117) 
 (61) 
 (11,178) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation differences 
 9,508  
 421  
 2,523  
 5,634  
 390  
 18,476  
 -  
 18,476  
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 67  
 67  
Balance as of March 31, 2024 
 159,165  
 38,848  
 43,027  
 150,626  
 113,704  
 505,370  
 25,398  
 530,768  
 
 
 
F-49

--- Page 352 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 47 
 
 
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19 
(i) 
Total 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual / group 
Individual / group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2023 
 133,627  
 42,270  
 32,728  
 123,789  
 101,170  
 433,584  
 36,659  
 470,243  
Recording / (use) of provisions for: 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 1,857  
 (1,179) 
 1,271  
 (15,288) 
 (7,245) 
 (20,584) 
 (8,052) 
 (28,636) 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) 
to (+) ]: 
 (6,296) 
 (2,778) 
 1,191  
 27,983  
 42,488  
 62,588  
 (2,830) 
 59,758  
Regular individual to Substandard 
 (5,746) 
 -  
 9,199  
 -  
 -  
 3,453  
 (305) 
 3,148  
Regular individual to Individual non-performing 
 (821) 
 -  
 -  
 15,943  
 -  
 15,122  
 (287) 
 14,835  
Substandard to individual non-performing 
 -  
 -  
 (5,619) 
 12,582  
 -  
 6,963  
 (26) 
 6,937  
Substandard to regular individual 
 1,262  
 -  
 (3,139) 
 -  
 -  
 (1,877) 
 (321) 
 (2,198) 
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
 -  
 -  
 348  
 (300) 
 -  
 48  
 -  
 48  
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
 19  
 -  
 -  
 (244) 
 -  
 (225) 
 -  
 (225) 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
 -  
 (5,071) 
 -  
 -  
 44,920  
 39,849  
 (1,342) 
 38,507  
Group non-performing to Group regular 
 -  
 233  
 -  
 -  
 (3,806) 
 (3,573) 
 (78) 
 (3,651) 
Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) to Group (regular, non-performing) 
 (1,549) 
 2,405  
 (398) 
 (29) 
 1,374  
 1,803  
 (398) 
 1,405  
Group (regular, non-performing) to Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) 
 539  
 (345) 
 800  
 31  
 -  
 1,025  
 (73) 
 952  
New loans originated 
 43,243  
 6,438  
 1,196  
 11,496  
 7,705  
 70,078  
 -  
 70,078  
New loans for conversion of contingent to loans 
 506  
 1,620  
 109  
 333  
 1,781  
 4,349  
 -  
 4,349  
New loans acquired 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Loan repayment 
 (41,049) 
 (5,886) 
 (2,887) 
 (9,194) 
 (9,313) 
 (68,329) 
 (850) 
 (69,179) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 -  
 (509) 
 (29) 
 (10,108) 
 (23,134) 
 (33,780) 
 (2,751) 
 (36,531) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation differences 
 602  
 469  
 37  
 1,484  
 33  
 2,625  
 -  
 2,625  
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 3,957  
 3,957  
Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 132,490  
 40,445  
 33,616  
 130,495  
 113,485  
 450,531  
 26,133  
 476,664  
 
 
 
 
F-50

--- Page 353 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 48 
 
 
j) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the detail of movements in provisions recorded for mortgage loans is as follows: 
 
March 31, 2024 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Group assessment 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Mortgage loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2024 
 35,115  
 36,216  
 71,331  
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 3,040  
 8  
 3,048  
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 (1,543) 
 4,992  
 3,449  
Group regular to Group non-performing 
 (1,650) 
 5,641  
 3,991  
Group non-performing to Group regular 
 107  
 (649) 
 (542) 
New loans originated 
 656  
 3  
 659  
New credits for conversion of contingent to loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
New loans acquired 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Loan repayment 
 (1,566) 
 (834) 
 (2,400) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 -  
 (46) 
 (46) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation differences 
 2,007  
 13  
 2,020  
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Balance as of March 31, 2024 
 37,709  
 40,352  
 78,061  
 
December 31, 2023  
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Group assessment 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Mortgage loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2023 
 58,809  
 24,309  
 83,118  
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 368  
 (457) 
 (89) 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 (2,474) 
 14,989  
 12,515  
Group regular to Group non-performing 
 (2,828) 
 17,107  
 14,279  
Group non-performing to Group regular 
 354  
 (2,118) 
 (1,764) 
New loans originated 
 5,535  
 20  
 5,555  
New credits for conversion of contingent to loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
New loans acquired 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Loan repayment 
 (28,239) 
 (2,318) 
 (30,557) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 (19) 
 (343) 
 (362) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation differences 
 1,135  
 16  
 1,151  
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 35,115  
 36,216  
 71,331  
 
F-51

--- Page 354 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 49 
 
 
 
k) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balances for this concept are as follows: 
 
 
 
March 31, 2024 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Group Evaluation 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Consumer Loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2024 
 138,211  
 160,500  
 298,711  
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 32,200  
 (2,237) 
 29,963  
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 (28,283) 
 51,775  
23,492 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
 (28,679) 
 53,631  
 24,952  
Group non-performing to Group regular 
 396  
 (1,856) 
 (1,460) 
New loans originated 
 2,260  
 15,306  
 17,566  
New credits for conversion of contingent to loans 
 13,517  
 4,723  
 18,240  
New loans acquired 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Repayment of loans 
 (14,091) 
 (5,273) 
 (19,364) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 (89) 
 (57,781) 
 (57,870) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
 56  
 1  
 57  
Changes in models and methodologies 
11  
4  
15  
Translation differences 
 576  
 -  
 576  
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Balance as of March 31, 2024 
144,368 
167,018 
311,386 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Group assessment 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Consumer Loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2023 
 158,957  
 164,848  
 323,805  
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 41,758  
 (7,989) 
 33,769  
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 (18,652) 
 91,815  
73,163 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
 (19,422) 
 96,260  
 76,838  
Group non-performing to Group regular 
 770  
 (4,445) 
 (3,675) 
New loans originated 
 8,724  
 21,989  
 30,713  
New credits for conversion of contingent to loans 
 22,454  
 9,403  
 31,857  
New loans acquired 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Repayment of loans 
 (25,323) 
 (25,565) 
 (50,888) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 (49,902) 
 (94,043) 
 (143,945) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
 146  
 42  
 188  
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation differences 
 49  
 -  
 49  
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Balance as of December 31, 2023 
138,211 
160,500 
298,711 
 
l) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the detail of the movement of provisions recorded by contingent loans is as follows: 
 
March 31, 2024 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Individual / group 
Individual / group 
Assessment 
Assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Contingent loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2024 
 29,931  
 13,248  
 11,023  
 3,812  
 5,772  
 63,786  
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 (2) 
 333  
 (226) 
 133  
 (37) 
 201  
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 1,070  
 (139) 
 1,784  
 558  
 399  
 3,672  
Regular individual to Substandard 
 (671) 
 -  
 2,311  
 -  
 -  
 1,640  
Regular individual to Individual non-performing 
(42)  
 -  
- 
 12  
 -  
 (30) 
Substandard to individual non-performing 
-  
 -  
 (189) 
 554  
 -  
 365  
Substandard to regular individual 
 1,709  
 -  
 (312) 
 -  
 -  
 1,397  
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
 -  
 -  
 4  
 (8) 
 -  
 (4) 
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Group regular to Group non-performing 
 -  
 (66) 
 -  
 -  
 1,033  
 967  
Group non-performing to Group regular 
 -  
 8  
 -  
 -  
 (634) 
 (626) 
Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) to Group (regular, non-performing) 
 (47) 
 58  
 (32) 
 -  
 -  
 (21) 
Group (regular, non-performing) to Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) 
 121  
 (139) 
 2  
 -  
 -  
 (16) 
New loans originated 
 9,645  
 1,242  
 4,143  
 32  
 170  
 15,232  
Contingent loans for conversion to loans 
 3  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 3  
Loan repayment 
 (7,796) 
 (1,006) 
 (5,227) 
 (451) 
 (672) 
 (15,152) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (1) 
 (1) 
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation differences 
 1,847  
 4  
 168  
 61  
 -  
 2,080  
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Balance as of March 31, 2024 
 34,698  
 13,682  
 11,665  
 4,145  
 5,631  
 69,821  
 
December 31, 2023 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Individual / group 
Individual / group 
assessment 
assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Contingent loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2023 
 23,712  
 14,162  
 8,881  
 6,526  
 6,971  
 60,252  
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 1,038  
 (458) 
 154  
 379  
 (587) 
 526  
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 (438) 
 (289) 
 3,227  
 643  
 1,240  
 4,383  
Regular individual to Substandard 
 (609) 
  -  
 3,454  
  -  
  -  
 2,845  
Regular individual to Individual non-performing 
 (86) 
  -  
 41  
 2,019  
  -  
 1,974  
Substandard to individual non-performing 
  -  
  -  
 (25) 
 234  
  -  
 209  
Substandard to regular individual 
 116  
  -  
 (253) 
  -  
  -  
 (137) 
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
  -  
  -  
 31  
 (50) 
  -  
 (19) 
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
 60  
  -  
  -  
 (1,560) 
  -  
 (1,500) 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
  -  
 (329) 
  -  
  -  
 2,711  
 2,382  
Group non-performing to Group regular 
  -  
 16  
  -  
  -  
 (1,492) 
 (1,476) 
Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) to Group (regular, non-performing) 
 (130) 
 95  
 (36) 
  -  
 21  
 (50) 
Group (regular, non-performing) to Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) 
 211  
 (71) 
 15  
  -  
  -  
 155  
New loans originated 
 15,275  
 3,001  
 5,518  
 514  
 285  
 24,593  
Contingent loans for conversion to loans 
 199  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 199  
Loan repayment 
 (10,082) 
 (2,814) 
 (6,790) 
 (4,761) 
 (1,620) 
 (26,067) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
  -  
 (364) 
  -  
  -  
 (517) 
 (881) 
Changes in models and methodologies 
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
Translation differences 
 227  
 10  
 33  
 511  
  -  
 781  
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 29,931  
 13,248  
 11,023  
 3,812  
 5,772  
 63,786  
 
F-52

--- Page 355 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 50 
 
 
 
m) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the concentration of credits by economic activity is as follows: 
 
As of March 31, 2024 
Loans and exposure to contingent loans 
Constitutive provisions 
Local /foreign 
Total 
Local /foreign 
Total 
Loans 
Loans 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
 -  
 920,708  
 920,708  
 -  
 (924) 
 (924) 
Commercial loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Agriculture and livestock 
 485,586  
 54,859  
 540,445  
 (14,740) 
 (6,096) 
 (20,836) 
Fruit growing 
 333,848  
 36,860  
 370,708  
 (14,257) 
 (214) 
 (14,471) 
Forestry and logging 
 122,775  
 13,169  
 135,944  
 (1,878) 
 (435) 
 (2,313) 
Fishing 
 77,682  
 112,936  
 190,618  
 (2,794) 
 (1,078) 
 (3,872) 
Exploitation of mines and quarries 
 320,099  
 446,831  
 766,930  
 (5,279) 
 (1,385) 
 (6,664) 
Crude oil and natural gas production 
 186,724  
 27,667  
 214,391  
 (142) 
 (1,947) 
 (2,089) 
Product Manufacturing Industry 
 1,654,258  
 838,824  
 2,493,082  
 (41,624) 
 (4,979) 
 (46,603) 
Food, beverage, and tobacco industry 
 387,907  
 167,305  
 555,212  
 (8,285) 
 (1,260) 
 (9,545) 
Textile and leather industry 
 26,324  
 7,365  
 33,689  
 (1,229) 
 (128) 
 (1,357) 
Wood and furniture industry 
 41,907  
 21,921  
 63,828  
 (2,403) 
 (390) 
 (2,793) 
Printing and publishing paper industry 
 61,598  
 2,868  
 64,466  
 (3,066) 
 (50) 
 (3,116) 
Chemicals and petroleum derivatives 
 276,445  
 341,050  
 617,495  
 (7,600) 
 (720) 
 (8,320) 
Metallic, non-metallic, machinery, or other 
 425,997  
 196,488  
 622,485  
 (13,806) 
 (982) 
 (14,788) 
Other Manufacturing Industries 
 434,080  
 101,827  
 535,907  
 (5,235) 
 (1,449) 
 (6,684) 
Electricity, gas, and water 
 1,078,662  
 3,381  
 1,082,043  
 (6,143) 
 (96) 
 (6,239) 
Home building 
 106,836  
 58,973  
 165,809  
 (890) 
 (9) 
 (899) 
Other works and constructions 
 1,427,204  
 269,364  
 1,696,568  
 (34,807) 
 (1,934) 
 (36,741) 
Wholesale trade 
 1,637,538  
 431,136  
 2,068,674  
 (45,665) 
 (9,472) 
 (55,137) 
Retail restaurants and hotels 
 854,985  
 1,270,929  
 2,125,914  
 (37,104) 
 (13,388) 
 (50,492) 
Transport and storage 
 1,476,948  
 471,398  
 1,948,346  
 (20,899) 
 (5,536) 
 (26,435) 
Telecommunications 
 419,107  
 49,198  
 468,305  
 (12,435) 
 (14) 
 (12,449) 
Financial and insurance establishments 
 2,837,362  
 317,238  
 3,154,600  
 (34,059) 
 (7,000) 
 (41,059) 
Real estate and services provided to companies 
 3,018,708  
 6,180,188  
 9,198,896  
 (55,874) 
 (24,443) 
 (80,317) 
Community, social and personal services 
 2,874,238  
 5,342,977  
 8,217,215  
 (66,873) 
 (57,279) 
 (124,152) 
Total Commercial loans 
 18,912,560  15,925,928  
 34,838,488  
 (395,463) 
(135,305) 
 (530,768) 
Mortgage loans 
 10,656,814  
 3,699,048  
 14,355,862  
 (58,253) 
 (19,808) 
 (78,061) 
Consumer Loans 
 3,122,827  
 63,385  
 3,186,212  
 (305,823) 
 (5,563) 
 (311,386) 
Contingent loan exposure 
 3,434,321  
 1,838,704  
 5,273,025  
 (49,049) 
 (20,772) 
 (69,821) 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Loans and exposure to contingent loans 
Constitutive provisions 
Local /foreign 
Total 
Local /foreign 
Total 
Loans 
Loans 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
 -  
 681,026  
 681,026  
 -  
 (836) 
 (836) 
Commercial loans 
 
Agriculture and livestock 
 485,718  
 84,254  
 569,972  
 (13,951) 
 (6,431) 
 (20,382) 
Fruit growing 
 319,891  
 29,421  
 349,312  
 (13,027) 
 (261) 
 (13,288) 
Forestry and logging 
 120,471  
 10,925  
 131,396  
 (2,038) 
 (155) 
 (2,193) 
Fishing 
 72,978  
 99,720  
 172,698  
 (2,205) 
 (905) 
 (3,110) 
Exploitation of mines and quarries 
 292,609  
 410,011  
 702,620  
 (2,210) 
 (830) 
 (3,040) 
Crude oil and natural gas production 
 36,223  
 34,617  
 70,840  
 (112) 
 (858) 
 (970) 
Product Manufacturing Industry 
 1,480,833  
 744,838  
 2,225,671  
 (40,168) 
 (4,670) 
 (44,838) 
Food, beverage, and tobacco industry 
 349,054  
 126,948  
 476,002  
 (7,348) 
 (957) 
 (8,305) 
Textile and leather industry 
 30,190  
 5,439  
 35,629  
 (1,453) 
 (95) 
 (1,548) 
Wood and furniture industry 
 41,812  
 13,150  
 54,962  
 (2,287) 
 (190) 
 (2,477) 
Printing and publishing paper industry 
 62,473  
 2,277  
 64,750  
 (2,909) 
 (98) 
 (3,007) 
Chemicals and petroleum derivatives 
 288,868  
 295,291  
 584,159  
 (7,936) 
 (652) 
 (8,588) 
Metallic, non-metallic, machinery, or other 
 429,263  
 202,541  
 631,804  
 (13,892) 
 (1,462) 
 (15,354) 
Other Manufacturing Industries 
 279,173  
 99,192  
 378,365  
 (4,343) 
 (1,216) 
 (5,559) 
Electricity, gas, and water 
 981,981  
 14,016  
 995,997  
 (6,823) 
 (271) 
 (7,094) 
Home building 
 135,204  
 43,920  
 179,124  
 (1,107) 
 (7) 
 (1,114) 
Other works and constructions 
 1,341,279  
 250,175  
 1,591,454  
 (35,247) 
 (2,177) 
 (37,424) 
Wholesale trade 
 1,556,737  
 384,003  
 1,940,740  
 (44,424) 
 (5,345) 
 (49,769) 
Retail restaurants and hotels 
 845,796  
 1,252,157  
 2,097,953  
 (36,682) 
 (8,863) 
 (45,545) 
Transport and storage 
 1,354,474  
 439,292  
 1,793,766  
 (20,082) 
 (5,273) 
 (25,355) 
Telecommunications 
 400,210  
 78,186  
 478,396  
 (7,754) 
 (487) 
 (8,241) 
Financial and insurance establishments 
 2,873,645  
 355,836  
 3,229,481  
 (30,298) 
 (7,009) 
 (37,307) 
Real estate and services provided to companies 
 2,972,779  
 5,426,656  
 8,399,435  
 (50,013) 
 (14,633) 
 (64,646) 
Community, social and personal services 
 2,902,202  
 4,586,319  
 7,488,521  
 (69,899) 
 (42,449) 
 (112,348) 
Total Commercial loans 
 18,173,030  
14,244,346  
 32,417,376  
 (376,040) 
(100,624) 
 (476,664) 
Mortgage loans 
 10,486,943  
 3,324,743  
 13,811,686  
 (53,840) 
 (17,491) 
 (71,331) 
Consumer Loans 
 3,123,048  
 54,746  
 3,177,794  
 (294,088) 
 (4,623) 
 (298,711) 
Contingent loan exposure 
 2,667,974  
 2,529,021  
 5,196,995  
 (48,719) 
 (15,067) 
 (63,786) 
 
 
F-53

--- Page 356 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 51 
 
 
n) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the mortgage loans and its provisions recorded by tranches of outstanding principal owed of the 
loan on the value of the mortgage guarantee (PVG) and the days past due, are as follows: 
 
March 31, 2024 
 Tranche Loan / Guarantee Value (%) 
Mortgage loans (MCh$) 
Provisions recorded for mortgage Loans (MCh$) 
Days past due at the end of the period 
Days past due at the end of the period 
0 
1 to 29 
30 to 59 
60 to 89 
>= 90 
Total 
0 
1 to 29 
30 to 59 
60 to 89 
>= 90 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
PVG <= 40% 
 1,376,574  
 30,359  
 15,732  
 6,704  
 15,735  
 1,445,104  
 (8,064) 
 (1,358) 
 (696) 
 (437) 
 (1,594) 
 (12,149) 
40% < PVG <= 80% 
 10,266,794  
 270,631  
 113,583  
 61,657   160,078  
 10,872,743  
 (24,538) 
 (7,788) 
 (5,084) 
 (3,443) 
 (15,302) 
 (56,155) 
80% < PVG <= 90% 
 1,660,207  
 31,320  
 17,104  
 9,927  
 27,167  
 1,745,725  
 (2,522) 
 (829) 
 (726) 
 (487) 
 (2,648) 
 (7,212) 
PVG > 90% 
 281,854  
 4,157  
 3,431  
 503  
 2,345  
 292,290  
 (2,122) 
 (93) 
 (97) 
 (25) 
 (208) 
 (2,545) 
Total LTV 
 13,585,429  
 336,467  
 149,850  
 78,791  205,325  
 14,355,862  
 (37,246) 
 (10,068) 
 (6,603) 
 (4,392) 
 (19,752) 
 (78,061) 
 
 
December 31, 2023, 
Loan Tranche / Guarantee Value (%) 
Mortgage loans (MCh$) 
Provisions recorded for mortgage Loans (MCh$) 
Days past due at the end of the period 
Days past due at the end of the period 
0 
1 to 29 
30 to 59 
60 to 89 
>= 90 
Total 
0 
1 to 29 
30 to 59 
60 to 89 
>= 90 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
PVG <= 40% 
 1,306,097  
 23,261  
 16,232  
 6,294  
 15,155  
 1,367,039  
 (7,082) 
 (902) 
 (715) 
 (455) 
 (1,515) 
 (10,669) 
40% < PVG <= 80% 
 9,895,785  
 251,003  
 107,738  
 54,094   126,156  
 10,434,776  
 (23,782) 
 (7,588) 
 (4,880) 
 (3,241) 
 (12,630) 
 (52,121) 
80% < PVG <= 90% 
 1,682,590  
 32,285  
 16,288  
 10,119  
 19,099  
 1,760,381  
 (2,673) 
 (909) 
 (655) 
 (438) 
 (1,895) 
 (6,570) 
PVG > 90% 
 240,843  
 3,787  
 2,361  
 757  
 1,742  
 249,490  
 (1,650) 
 (86) 
 (52) 
 (19) 
 (164) 
 (1,971) 
Total LTV 
 13,125,315  
 310,336  
 142,619  
 71,264  162,152  
 13,811,686  
 (35,187) 
 (9,485) 
 (6,302) 
 (4,153) 
 (16,204) 
 (71,331) 
 
 
 
F-54

--- Page 357 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 52 
 
 
o) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, loans and advances to bank and commercial loans and their provisions recorded by classification category, are as follows: 
 
March 31, 2024 
Loans and advances to banks and commercial loans 
Assessment 
Total 
Deductible 
provision 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-
19(i) 
Individual 
Group 
Regular 
Portfolio 
Substandard Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
Total 
 
Normal Portfolio 
Portfolio in 
Default 
 
Total 
       A1 
A2 
A3 
A4 
A5 
A6 
Subtotal 
B1 
B2 
B3 
B4 
Subtotal 
C1 
C2 
C3 
C4 
C5 
C6 
Subtotal 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
Interbank liquidity loans 
 -  
 153,975  
 21,155  
 -  
 29,005  
 -  
 204,135  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 204,135 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 204,135 
 - 
Commercial interbank loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Overdrafts on checking accounts 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
 46,588  
 118,034  
 45,684  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 210,306  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 210,306 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 210,306 
 - 
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Foreign trade credits between third countries 
 -  
 434,954  
 71,313  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 506,267  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 506,267 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 506,267 
 - 
Non-transferable deposits in banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Other credit balances with banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Subtotal 
 46,588  
 706,963  
 138,152  
 -  
 29,005  
 -  
 920,708  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 920,708 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 920,708 
 - 
Provisions recorded 
 (17) 
 (602) 
 (302) 
 -  
 (3) 
 -  
 (924) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (924) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (924) 
 - 
% Provisions recorded 
0.04% 
0.09% 
0.22% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.00% 
0.10% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.10% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.10% 
Commercial loans 
Commercial loans 
 322,520   1,358,462  
 3,538,652  
 3,930,940  
 4,963,000  
 9,159,801   23,273,375   1,350,483   176,390  
 75,209  
 59,271 
 1,661,353 
 305,799 
 282,839 
 21,184 
 26,575 
 28,851 
 63,428 
 728,676 
 25,663,404 
 3,263,024 
 372,238 
 3,635,262 
 29,298,666 
 (25,398) 
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
 -  
 587,833  
 535,393  
 205,066  
 76,789  
 47,014  
 1,452,095  
 13,506  
 4,850  
 -  
 1,581  
 19,937 
 5,007 
 - 
 - 
 1,506 
 994 
 1,470 
 8,977 
 1,481,009 
 13,155 
 - 
 13,155 
 1,494,164 
 - 
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
 -  
 27,327  
 77,828  
 142,224  
 79,496  
 42,720  
 369,595  
 9,650  
 -  
 -  
 725 
 10,375 
 - 
 - 
 7,582 
 - 
 - 
 687 
 8,269 
 388,239 
 23,729 
 - 
 23,729 
 411,968 
 - 
Foreign trade credits between third countries 
 -  
 16,194  
 183,874  
 6,764  
 45,781  
 8,567  
 261,180  
 5,481  
 7,012  
 -  
 - 
 12,493 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,253 
 6,253 
 279,926 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 279,926 
 - 
Debtors in current accounts 
 1  
 4,342  
 9,409  
 11,564  
 8,708  
 5,292  
 39,316  
 4,070  
 4,083  
 46  
 19 
 8,218 
 589 
 36 
 68 
 127 
 160 
 1,553 
 2,533 
 50,067 
 69,875 
 10,444 
 80,319 
 130,386 
 - 
Credit card debtors 
 1  
 279  
 2,953  
 2,078  
 1,088  
 645  
 7,044  
 881  
 177  
 8  
 5  
 1,071 
 34 
 5 
 11 
 4 
 52 
 80 
 186 
 8,301 
 55,257 
 7,113 
 62,370 
 70,671 
 - 
Factoring operations 
 78,513  
 274,680  
 421,254  
 263,477  
 87,896  
 21,578  
 1,147,398  
 14,064  
 295  
 -  
 - 
 14,359 
 86 
 - 
 - 
 75 
 - 
 - 
 161 
 1,161,918 
 73,925 
 702 
 74,627 
 1,236,545 
 - 
Commercial finance lease operations 
 -  
 72,787  
 260,474  
 358,860  
 232,002  
 328,095  
 1,252,218  
 173,263  
 15,539  
 3,767  
 3,989  
 196,558 
 26,367 
 2,255 
 5,520 
 2,323 
 96 
 1,006 
 37,567 
 1,486,343 
 292,136 
 15,899 
 308,035 
 1,794,378 
 - 
Student loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 95,820 
 15,239 
 111,059 
 111,059 
 - 
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 2,214 
 7,477 
 9,691 
 9,691 
 - 
 1,034 
 1,034 
 10,725 
 - 
Subtotal 
 401,035   2,341,904  
 5,029,837  
 4,920,973  
 5,494,760  
 9,613,712   27,802,221   1,571,398   208,346  
 79,030  
 65,590 
 1,924,364 
 337,882 
 285,135 
 34,365 
 30,610 
 32,367 
 81,954 
 802,313 
 30,528,898 
 3,886,921 
 422,669 
 4,309,590 
 34,838,488 
 (25,398) 
Provisions recorded 
 (657) 
 (2,730) 
 (8,242) 
 (29,389) 
 (35,879) 
 (82,268) 
 (159,165) 
 (31,169) 
 (6,674) 
 (679) 
 (4,505) 
 (43,027) 
 (6,747) 
 (28,536) 
 (8,616) 
 (12,387) 
 (21,207) 
 (73,133)  (150,626) 
 (352,818) 
 (38,848) 
 (113,704) 
 (152,552) 
 (505,370) 
 - 
% Provisions recorded 
0.16% 
0.12% 
0.16% 
0.60% 
0.65% 
0.86% 
0.57% 
1.98% 
3.20% 
0.86% 
6.87% 
2.24% 
2.00% 
10.01% 
25.07% 
40.47% 
65.52% 
89.24% 
18.77% 
1.16% 
1.00% 
26.90% 
3.54% 
1.45% 
 -
 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Loans and advances to banks and commercial loans 
Assessment 
Total 
Deductible 
provision 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19(i) 
Individual 
Group 
Regular 
Portfolio 
Substandard Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
 
Total 
 
Normal 
Portfolio 
Portfolio in 
Default 
 
Total 
     A1 
A2 
A3 
A4 
A5 
A6 
Subtotal 
B1 
B2 
B3 
B4 
Subtotal 
C1 
C2 
C3 
C4 
C5 
C6 
Subtotal 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interbank liquidity loans 
 -  
 93,813  
 50,187  
 -  
 55,590  
 -  
 199,590  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 199,590  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 199,590  
 -  
Commercial interbank loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Overdrafts on checking accounts 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
 -  
 75,556  
 59,205  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 134,761  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 134,761  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 134,761  
 -  
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign trade credits between third countries 
 -  
 233,645  
 113,030  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 346,675  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 346,675  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 346,675  
 -  
Non-transferable deposits in banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other credit balances with banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 403,014  
 222,422  
 -  
 55,590  
 -  
 681,026  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 681,026  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 681,026  
 -  
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 (344) 
 (486) 
 -  
 (6) 
 -  
 (836) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (836) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (836) 
 -  
% Provisions recorded 
0.00% 
0.09% 
0.22% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.00% 
0.12% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.12% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.12% 
 
Commercial loans 
Commercial loans 
 80,361   1,237,806  
 3,326,608  
 3,896,495  
 4,668,850  
 8,009,093   21,219,213  
 1,250,220  
 161,414  
 39,664  
 65,453  
 1,516,751  
 288,414   252,782  
 22,704  
 28,838  
 27,502  
 48,412  
 668,652  
 23,404,616  
 3,369,142  
 359,636  
 3,728,778  
 27,133,394  
 (26,133) 
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
 -  
 597,032  
 406,200  
 169,836  
 43,606  
 32,917  
 1,249,591  
 5,099  
 10,311  
 -  
 -  
 15,410  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,313  
 -  
 -  
 1,313  
 1,266,314  
 10,970  
 -  
 10,970  
 1,277,284  
 -  
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
 -  
 25,286  
 97,134  
 128,813  
 58,273  
 44,873  
 354,379  
 9,844  
 417  
 -  
 1,575  
 11,836  
 -  
 -  
 6,692  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 6,692  
 372,907  
 28,212  
 -  
 28,212  
 401,119  
 -  
Foreign trade credits between third countries 
 -  
 15,290  
 170,799  
 3,706  
 31,627  
 10,543  
 231,965  
 433  
 6,054  
 -  
 -  
 6,487  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 5,424  
 5,424  
 243,876  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 243,876  
 -  
Debtors in current accounts 
 -  
 11,707  
 35,642  
 6,249  
 9,183  
 1,605  
 64,386  
 3,562  
 1,462  
 87  
 78  
 5,189  
 420  
 159  
 71  
 71  
 114  
 800  
 1,635  
 71,210  
 69,293  
 9,561  
 78,854  
 150,064  
 -  
Credit card debtors 
 -  
 914  
 1,309  
 2,171  
 817  
 525  
 5,736  
 771  
 116  
 11  
 5  
 903  
 11  
 34  
 11  
 6  
 52  
 207  
 321  
 6,960  
 53,788  
 7,522  
 61,310  
 68,270  
 -  
Factoring operations 
 138,680  
 243,880  
 443,473  
 270,435  
 133,316  
 24,099  
 1,253,883  
 41,213  
 1,489  
 -  
 -  
 42,702  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 76  
 41  
 -  
 117  
 1,296,702  
 71,277  
 356  
 71,633  
 1,368,335  
 -  
Commercial finance lease operations 
 -  
 79,284  
 229,066  
 294,182  
 212,759  
 347,376  
 1,162,667  
 118,134  
 25,078  
 3,092  
 4,314  
 150,618  
 20,188  
 2,594  
 5,696  
 2,327  
 477  
 1,044  
 32,326  
 1,345,611  
 289,576  
 13,687  
 303,263  
 1,648,874  
 -  
Student loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 100,286  
 15,224  
 115,510  
 115,510  
 -  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 79  
 -  
 87  
 -  
 1,874  
 7,502  
 9,542  
 9,542  
 70  
 1,038  
 1,108  
 10,650  
 -  
Subtotal 
 219,041   2,211,199  
 4,710,231  
 4,771,887  
 5,158,431  
 8,471,031   25,541,820  
 1,429,276  
 206,341  
 42,854  
 71,425  
 1,749,896  
 309,112   255,569  
 35,261  
 32,631  
 30,060  
 63,389  
 726,022  
 28,017,738  
 3,992,614  
 407,024  
 4,399,638  
 32,417,376  
 (26,133) 
Provisions recorded 
 (79) 
 (2,694) 
 (9,387) 
 (28,556) 
 (31,435) 
 (60,339) 
 (132,490) 
 (19,285) 
 (6,830) 
 (957) 
 (6,544) 
 (33,616) 
 (6,678)  (25,611) 
 (8,842)  (13,244)  (19,770)  (56,350) 
 (130,495) 
 (296,601) 
 (40,445) 
 (113,485) 
 (153,930) 
 (450,531) 
 -  
 Provisions recorded 
0.04% 
0.14% 
0.15% 
0.96% 
0.79% 
1.08% 
0.72% 
2.18% 
2.23% 
8.51% 
4.01% 
2.75% 
2.01% 
10.13% 
25.02% 
40.23% 
65.16% 
89.72% 
25.82% 
1.35% 
1.64% 
29.96% 
3.70% 
1.76% -  
F-55

--- Page 358 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 53 
p) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balances for loans and their provisions recorded by tranches of days past due, are as follows: 
 
 
As of March 31, 2024 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions constituted 
 
Net financial 
assets 
 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19(i) 
Total 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
Individual/group 
Individual 
Individual/group 
Individual/group 
Individual 
Individual/group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to 
banks 
 
0 days 
 918,123  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 918,123  
 (922) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (922) 
 -  
 (922) 
 917,201  
1 to 29 days 
 2,585  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 2,585  
 (2) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (2) 
 -  
 (2) 
 2,583  
30 to 59 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
60 to 89 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
>= 90 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 920,708  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 920,708  
 (924) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (924) 
 -  
 (924) 
 919,784  
 
Commercial loans 
 
0 days 
 27,073,525  
 3,734,033  
 1,612,306  
 494,540  
 115,631  
 33,030,035  
 (152,250) 
 (31,328) 
 (37,514) 
 (58,069) 
 (28,558) 
 (307,719) 
 (24,555) 
 (332,274) 
 32,697,761  
1 to 29 days 
 712,829  
 110,738  
 202,732  
 80,764  
 36,157  
 1,143,220  
 (6,831) 
 (3,739) 
 (4,516) 
 (13,186) 
 (7,735) 
 (36,007) 
 (493) 
 (36,500) 
 1,106,720  
30 to 59 days 
 9,179  
 29,402  
 61,396  
 20,114  
 36,157  
 156,248  
 (69) 
 (2,403) 
 (765) 
 (2,750) 
 (7,433) 
 (13,420) 
 (92) 
 (13,512) 
 142,736  
60 to 89 days 
 -  
 12,715  
 47,930  
 29,269  
 27,054  
 116,968  
 -  
 (1,378) 
 (232) 
 (4,703) 
 (6,006) 
 (12,319) 
 (129) 
 (12,448) 
 104,520  
>= 90 days 
 6,688  
 33  
 -  
 177,626  
 207,670  
 392,017  
 (15) 
 -  
 -  
 (71,918) 
 (63,972) 
 (135,905) 
 (129) 
 (136,034) 
 255,983  
Subtotal 
 27,802,221  
 3,886,921  
 1,924,364  
 802,313  
 422,669  
 34,838,488  
 (159,165) 
 (38,848) 
 (43,027) 
 (150,626) 
 (113,704) 
 (505,370) 
 (25,398) 
 (530,768) 
 34,307,720  
 
Mortgage loans 
 
0 days 
 -  
 13,495,237  
 -  
 -  
 90,192  
 13,585,429  
 -  
 (29,315) 
 -  
 -  
 (7,931) 
 (37,246) 
 -  
 (37,246) 
 13,548,183  
1 to 29 days 
 -  
 282,332  
 -  
 -  
 54,135  
 336,467  
 -  
 (5,359) 
 -  
 -  
 (4,709) 
 (10,068) 
 -  
 (10,068) 
 326,399  
30 to 59 days 
 -  
 98,473  
 -  
 -  
 51,377  
 149,850  
 -  
 (2,104) 
 -  
 -  
 (4,499) 
 (6,603) 
 -  
 (6,603) 
 143,247  
60 to 89 days 
 -  
 37,440  
 -  
 -  
 41,351  
 78,791  
 -  
 (931) 
 -  
 -  
 (3,461) 
 (4,392) 
 -  
 (4,392) 
 74,399  
>= 90 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 205,325  
 205,325  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (19,752) 
 (19,752) 
 -  
 (19,752) 
 185,573  
Subtotal 
 -  
 13,913,482  
 -  
 -  
 442,380  
 14,355,862  
 -  
 (37,709) 
 -  
 -  
 (40,352) 
 (78,061) 
 -  
 (78,061) 
 14,277,801  
Consumer loans 
 
0 days 
 -  
 2,777,964  
 -  
 -  
 95,931  
 2,873,895  
 -  
 (90,430) 
 -  
 -  
 (46,147) 
 (136,577) 
 -  
 (136,577) 
 2,737,318  
1 to 29 days 
 -  
 78,126  
 -  
 -  
 24,774  
 102,900  
 -  
 (23,448) 
 -  
 -  
 (12,656) 
 (36,104) 
 -  
 (36,104) 
 66,796  
30 to 59 days 
 -  
 37,228  
 -  
 -  
 21,540  
 58,768  
 -  
 (18,647) 
 -  
 -  
 (12,361) 
 (31,008) 
 -  
 (31,008) 
 27,760  
60 to 89 days 
 -  
 19,575  
 -  
 -  
 27,004  
 46,579  
 -  
 (11,843) 
 -  
 -  
 (18,172) 
 (30,015) 
 -  
 (30,015) 
 16,564  
>= 90 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 104,070  
 104,070  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (77,681) 
 (77,681) 
 -  
 (77,681) 
 26,389  
Subtotal 
 -  
 2,912,893  
 -  
 -  
 273,319  
 3,186,212  
 -   (144,368) 
 -  
 -  
 (167,017) 
 (311,385) 
 -  
 (311,385) 
 2,874,827  
 
TOTAL 
 28,722,929  
 20,713,296  
 1,924,364  
 802,313  
 1,138,368  
 53,301,270  
 (160,089) 
 (220,925) 
 (43,027) 
 (150,626) 
 (321,073) 
 (895,740) 
 (25,398) 
 (921,138) 
 52,380,132  
 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions constituted 
Net financial 
assets 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandar
d Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-
19(i) 
Total 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
Individual/group 
Individual 
Individual/group 
Individual/group 
Individual 
Individual/group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to 
banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0 days 
 681,026  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 681,026  
 (836) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (836) 
 -  
 (836) 
 680,190  
1 to 29 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
30 to 59 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
60 to 89 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
>= 90 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 681,026  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 681,026  
 (836) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (836) 
 -  
 (836) 
 680,190  
Commercial loans 
0 days 
 24,415,352  
 3,807,935  
 1,521,912  
 484,404  
 119,536  
 30,349,139  
 (121,561) 
 (31,661) 
 (26,765) 
 (45,599) 
 (28,318) 
 (253,904) 
 (24,121) 
 (278,025) 
 30,071,114  
1 to 29 days 
 1,087,433  
 120,046  
 179,517  
 48,737  
 36,261  
 1,471,994  
 (10,758) 
 (3,564) 
 (3,799) 
 (3,949) 
 (7,777) 
 (29,847) 
 (210) 
 (30,057) 
 1,441,937  
30 to 59 days 
 19,816  
 50,682  
 41,056  
 25,936  
 32,324  
 169,814  
 (62) 
 (2,829) 
 (2,902) 
 (2,833) 
 (7,705) 
 (16,331) 
 (212) 
 (16,543) 
 153,271  
60 to 89 days 
 19,194  
 13,951  
 7,411  
 18,682  
 22,554  
 81,792  
 (107) 
 (2,391) 
 (150) 
 (2,452) 
 (5,733) 
 (10,833) 
 (60) 
 (10,893) 
 70,899  
>= 90 days 
 25  
 -  
 -  
 148,263  
 196,349  
 344,637  
 (2) 
 -  
 -  
 (75,662) 
 (63,952) 
 (139,616) 
 (1,530) 
 (141,146) 
 203,491  
Subtotal 
 25,541,820  
 3,992,614  
 1,749,896  
 726,022  
 407,024  
 32,417,376  
 (132,490) 
 (40,445) 
 (33,616) 
 (130,495) 
 (113,485) 
 (450,531) 
 (26,133) 
 (476,664) 
 31,940,712  
Mortgage loans 
0 days 
 -  
 13,033,864  
 -  
 -  
 91,451  
 13,125,315  
 -  
 (27,140) 
 -  
 -  
 (8,047) 
 (35,187) 
 -  
 (35,187) 
 13,090,128  
1 to 29 days 
 -  
 257,429  
 -  
 -  
 52,907  
 310,336  
 -  
 (4,897) 
 -  
 -  
 (4,588) 
 (9,485) 
 -  
 (9,485) 
 300,851  
30 to 59 days 
 -  
 95,789  
 -  
 -  
 46,830  
 142,619  
 -  
 (2,277) 
 -  
 -  
 (4,025) 
 (6,302) 
 -  
 (6,302) 
 136,317  
60 to 89 days 
 -  
 33,168  
 -  
 -  
 38,096  
 71,264  
 -  
 (801) 
 -  
 -  
 (3,352) 
 (4,153) 
 -  
 (4,153) 
 67,111  
>= 90 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 162,152  
 162,152  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (16,204) 
 (16,204) 
 -  
 (16,204) 
 145,948  
Subtotal 
 -  
 13,420,250  
 -  
 -  
 391,436  
 13,811,686  
 -  
 (35,115) 
 -  
 -  
 (36,216) 
 (71,331) 
 -  
 (71,331) 
 13,740,355  
Consumer loans 
0 days 
 -  
 2,767,942  
 -  
 -  
 105,638  
 2,873,580  
 -  
 (84,935) 
 -  
 -  
 (53,266) 
 (138,201) 
 -  
 (138,201) 
 2,735,379  
1 to 29 days 
 -  
 80,762  
 -  
 -  
 26,270  
 107,032  
 -  
 (23,641) 
 -  
 -  
 (13,746) 
 (37,387) 
 -  
 (37,387) 
 69,645  
30 to 59 days 
 -  
 37,790  
 -  
 -  
 21,552  
 59,342  
 -  
 (19,061) 
 -  
 -  
 (12,264) 
 (31,325) 
 -  
 (31,325) 
 28,017  
60 to 89 days 
 -  
 18,824  
 -  
 -  
 22,829  
 41,653  
 -  
 (10,574) 
 -  
 -  
 (15,229) 
 (25,803) 
 -  
 (25,803) 
 15,850  
>= 90 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 96,187  
 96,187  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (65,995) 
 (65,995) 
 -  
 (65,995) 
 30,192  
Subtotal 
 -  
 2,905,318  
 -  
 -  
 272,476  
 3,177,794  
 -   (138,211) 
 -  
 -  
 (160,500) 
 (298,711) 
 -  
 (298,711) 
 2,879,083  
TOTAL 
 26,222,846  
 20,318,182  
 1,749,896  
 726,022  
 1,070,936  
 50,087,882  
 (133,326) 
 (213,771) 
 (33,616) 
 (130,495) 
 (310,201) 
 (821,409) 
 (26,133) 
 (847,542) 
49,240,340  
F-56

--- Page 359 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 54 
q) The guarantees provided to the Bank to guarantee the payment of the rights reflected in its loan’s portfolio correspond to mortgages, pledges, 
including warrants and trade and commercial financial instruments. 
The Bank finances the acquisition of goods to its customers, both movable and real estate, through finance lease agreements between 1 and 10 years 
depending on each contract, which are presented in the caption lease operations. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, MCh$1,247,156 and 
MCh$1,126,289, respectively, correspond to finance leases on personal property, and MCh$547,630 and MCh$523,018, respectively to finance leases 
on real estate. 
The detail of the reconciliation between the gross investment and the present value of the minimum collections as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 
2023, is as follows: 
Net balance receivable 
March 31, 2024 
December 31, 2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Gross finance lease 
 2,015,366  
 1,880,391  
Unaccrued finance income 
 (220,580) 
 (231,084) 
Net finance lease 
 1,794,786  
 1,649,307  
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the cash flows receivable by the Bank from finance lease agreements due to expiration are as follows: 
Net balance receivable 
March 31, 2024 
December 31, 2023 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
On-demand 
 -  
 -  
Up to a month 
 188,904  
 173,594  
More than 1 month to 3 months 
 232,302  
 213,471  
More than 3e months to 1 year 
 445,702  
 409,576  
More than 1 year to 3 years 
 380,150  
 349,344  
More than 3 years to 5 years 
 222,565  
 204,524  
More than 5 years 
 325,163  
 298,798  
Total 
 1,794,786  
 1,649,307  
There is no evidence of impairment for finance lease agreements entered into by the Bank. 
As of March 31, 2024 the Bank has acquired financial assets corresponding to real estate for a value of MCh$2,922 and MCh$12,899 as of December 
31, 2023, through the execution of guarantees or dations in payment of collateral. 
 
F-57

--- Page 360 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 55 
NOTE 14 – INVESTMENTS IN COMPANIES 
a) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the main investments in companies and joint ventures are detailed below: 
 
December 31, 2023 
December 31, 2023 
Equity 
Ownership 
interest 
Investment value 
Equity 
Ownership 
interest 
Investment value 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
Investments in associates 
 
 
 
Redbanc S.A. 
 12,439  
12,71 
 1,581  
 12,468  
12.71 
 1,585  
Combanc S.A. 
 7,840  
13,30 
 1,043  
 7,823  
13.30 
 1,041  
Transbank S.A. 
 131,228  
8,72 
 11,442  
 133,894  
8.72 
 11,674  
Servicio de Infraestructura de Mercado OTC S.A. 
 14,362  
13,61 
 1,955  
 14,310  
13.61 
 1,948  
AFT S.A. 
 20,697  
20,00 
 4,139  
 20,341  
20.00 
 4,068  
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
 14,831  
33,33 
 4,943  
 14,082  
33.33 
 4,694  
Sociedad Interbancaria de Depósitos de Valores S.A. 
 8,643  
7,03 
 607  
 8,413  
7.03 
 591  
Pagos y Servicios S.A. 
 3,273  
49,90 
 1,759  
 3,487  
49.90 
 1,740  
 
Minority investments 
Shares in SWIFT 
 -  
 -  
 56  
 -  
 -  
 56  
Shares in BLADEX 
 -  
 -  
 1,699  
 -  
 -  
 1,264  
Shares FRB and FHLB  
 -  
 -  
 141,475  
 -  
 -  
 125,046  
Other shares 
 -  
 -  
 3,369  
 -  
 -  
 3  
 
Investments in joint ventures 
Servipag Ltda. 
 16,581  
50,00 
 8,291  
 15,664  
50.00 
 7,832  
Artikos Chile S.A. 
 3,471  
50,00 
 1,735  
 3,188  
50.00 
 1,594  
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
 233,365  
 184,094  
233,670 
163,136 
 
b) Changes in investments in companies as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, are as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
March 31,  
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 
 163,136  
 175,736  
Equity in profit or loss 
3,156 
  16,018 
Sale of investments in companies 
- 
(23,613)  
Acquisition of investments in companies 
14,148 
- 
Dividend received 
- 
(3,945) 
Adjustment of provision for minimum dividend and results 
- 
 5  
Provision for minimum dividend 
(66) 
 (1,088) 
Capital increase adjustment 
 
 
  115  
 -  
MTM shares 
3,605 
23 
Total 
184,094 
 163,136  
F-58

--- Page 361 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 56 
 
NOTE 15 – INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
a) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 intangible assets are as follows: 
March 31, 2024 
Average years of 
useful life 
Average years of 
remaining useful life 
Gross Balance 
Accumulated amortization 
Net Balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Goodwill from business combination 
- 
- 
 177,587  
 -  
 177,587  
Other intangible assets arising from business combinations: 
 
 
 
 
 
Customer relationships 
10 
7 
 33,391  
 (20,372) 
 13,019  
Core deposits 
8 
2 
 115,941  
 (112,026) 
 3,915  
Right to use trademarks 
10 
7 
 22,799  
 (2,730) 
 20,069  
Right to use channels 
10 
7 
 2,538  
 (1,726) 
 812  
Contract for collection of services 
- 
- 
 8,508  
 (4,538) 
 3,970  
Mortgage loans servicing rights 
- 
- 
 1,558  
 (344) 
 1,214  
Other intangible assets 
11 
7 
 9,970  
 (4,922) 
 5,048  
Other independently generated intangible assets 
 
 
 
 
 
Software or computer programs purchased independently 
6 
4 
 482,961  
 (66,180) 
 416,781  
Software or computer programs generated internally 
6 
5 
 98,912  
 (278,225) 
 (179,313) 
Mortgage loans servicing rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other intangible assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
 954,165  
 (491,063) 
 463,102  
December 31, 2023 
Average years of 
useful life 
Average years of 
remaining useful life 
Gross Balance 
Accumulated amortization 
Net Balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Goodwill from business combination 
- 
- 
 158,641  
 -  
 158,641  
Other intangible assets arising from business combinations: 
Customer relationships 
10 
7 
 33,391  
 (19,818) 
 13,573  
Core deposits 
8 
2 
 109,216  
 (104,104) 
 5,112  
Right to use trademarks 
10 
7 
 20,859  
 (2,602) 
 18,257  
Right to use channels 
10 
7 
 2,538  
 (1,682) 
 856  
Contract for collection of services 
- 
- 
 8,508  
 (4,325) 
 4,183  
Mortgage loans servicing rights 
- 
- 
 1,292  
 (262) 
 1,030  
Other intangible assets  
11 
7 
 9,227  
 (4,398) 
 4,829  
Other independently generated intangible assets 
Software or computer programs purchased independently 
6 
4 
 443,122  
 (63,648) 
 379,474  
Software or computer programs generated internally 
6 
5 
 124,963  
 (264,372) 
 (139,409) 
Mortgage loans servicing rights 
- 
- 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other intangible assets 
- 
- 
-  
 -  
-  
Total 
 911,757  
 (465,211) 
 446,546  
F-59

--- Page 362 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 57 
 
b) Changes in intangible assets as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, are as follows: 
 
 
 
Goodwill from 
business 
combination 
Other intangible assets arising from business combinations 
Other independently generated intangible assets 
 
 
Customer 
relationships 
 
Stable deposits 
 
Right to use  
trademarks 
 
Right to use 
channels 
Contract for  
collection of 
services 
Mortgage loans 
servicing rights 
 
Other 
intangible 
assets 
Software or computer 
programs purchased 
independently 
Software or computer 
programs generated 
internally 
Mortgage loans 
servicing rights 
 
Other intangible 
assets 
 
 
Total 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2024 
 158,641  
 33,391  
 109,216  
 20,859  
 2,538  
 8,508  
 1,292  
 9,227  
 443,122  
 124,963  
 -  
 -  
 911,757  
Acquisitions 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 106  
 -  
 34,583  
 16,143  
 -  
 -  
 50,832  
Derecognition / disposal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (70) 
 (3,031) 
 -  
 -  
 (3,101) 
Transfers 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (28) 
 (39,310) 
 -  
 -  
 (39,338) 
Exchange rate variation 
 17,213  
 -  
 6,725  
 1,940  
 -  
 -  
 160  
 743  
 5,354  
 147  
 -  
 -  
 32,282  
Goodwill remeasurement 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 1,733  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,733  
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Gross balance as of March 31, 2024 
 177,587  
 33,391  
 115,941  
 22,799  
 2,538  
 8,508  
 1,558  
 9,970  
 482,961  
 98,912  
 -  
 -  
 954,165  
 
 
Amortization for the period 
 -  
 (554) 
 -  
 (128) 
 (44) 
 (213) 
 -  
 (1,813) 
 (2,210) 
 (11,318) 
 -  
 (21) 
 (16,301) 
Amortization accumulated at the beginning of the period 
 -  
 (19,818) 
 (104,104) 
 (2,602) 
 (1,682) 
 (4,325) 
 (262) 
 (4,398) 
 (63,648) 
 (264,372) 
 -  
 -  
 (465,211) 
Derecognition / disposal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 (7,922) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (82) 
 1,289  
 (322) 
 (2,535) 
 -  
 21  
 (9,551) 
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total amortization and accumulated impairment 
 -  
 (20,372) 
 (112,026) 
 (2,730) 
 (1,726) 
 (4,538) 
 (344) 
 (4,922) 
 (66,180) 
 (278,225) 
 -  
 -  
 (491,063) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net balance as of March 31, 2024 
 177,587  
 13,019  
 3,915  
 20,069  
 812  
 3,970  
 1,214  
 5,048  
 416,781  
 (179,313) 
 -  
 -  
 463,102  
 
 
 
Goodwill from 
business 
combination 
Other intangible assets arising from business combinations 
Other independently generated intangible assets 
 
Customer 
relationships 
 
Stable 
deposits 
 
Right to use  
trademarks 
 
Right to use 
channels 
Contract for  
collection of 
services 
Mortgage 
loans servicing 
rights 
 
Other intangible 
assets 
Software or computer 
programs purchased 
independently 
Software or computer 
programs generated 
internally 
Mortgage loans 
servicing rights 
 
Other intangible 
assets 
 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2023 
 155,234  
 34,890  
 106,063 
 20,405  
 2,538  
 8,508  
 552  
 9,053  
 382,283  
 85,763  
 -  
 22  
 805,311  
Acquisitions 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 724  
 -  
 7,140  
 103,509  
 -  
 -  
 111,373  
Derecognition / disposal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (102) 
 -  
 (22) 
 (124) 
Transfers 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 52,256  
 (64,207) 
 -  
 -  
 (11,951) 
Exchange rate variation 
 4,438  
 -  
 3,153  
 454  
 -  
 -  
 16  
 174  
 1,443  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 9,678  
Goodwill remeasurement 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Impairment 
 (1,031) 
 (1,499) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (2,530) 
Gross balance as of December 31, 2023 
 158,641  
 33,391  
 109,216 
 20,859  
 2,538  
 8,508  
 1,292  
 9,227  
 443,122  
 124,963  
 -  
 -  
 911,757  
 
 
 
 
 
Amortization for the period 
 -  
 (2,715) 
 (13,828) 
 (512) 
 (174) 
 (851) 
 (126) 
 (753) 
 (9,904) 
 (38,291) 
 -  
 -  
 (67,154) 
Amortization accumulated at the beginning of the period 
 -  
 (17,103) 
 (86,366) 
 (2,090) 
 (1,508) 
 (3,474) 
 (136) 
 (3,645) 
 (226,041) 
 (53,939) 
 -  
 -  
 (394,302) 
Derecognition / disposal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 172,297  
 (172,142) 
 -  
 -  
 155  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 (3,910) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (3,910) 
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total amortization and accumulated impairment 
 -  
 (19,818) 
 (104,104) 
 (2,602) 
 (1,682) 
 (4,325) 
 (262) 
 (4,398) 
 (63,648) 
 (264,372) 
 -  
 -  
 (465,211) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net balance as of December 31, 2023 
 158,641  
 13,573  
 5,112  
 18,257  
 856  
 4,183  
 1,030  
 4,829  
 379,474  
 (139,409) -  
 -  
 446,546  
F-60

--- Page 363 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 58 
 
c) Impairment 
 
At the end of each reporting period, the Bank assesses whether there is any indication of impairment in the value of any amortizable and non- amortizable 
assets. If such indication exists, or when an impairment testing is required, the Bank estimates the recoverable amount of the asset. 
 
As of March 31, 2024, the Bank conducted an assessment of whether there is any impairment of its assets, reaching the conclusion that there is no 
impairment that should be recorded on intangible assets and goodwill on such investments. As of December 31, 2023, two movements related to 
impairment of intangibles were recorded, the first impairment is recorded in relation to customers for MCh$1,499 and the second impairment in relation 
to the Financial Services CGU, the Bank's Management estimated the recoverable amount of its CGU, resulting in the recognition of an impairment loss 
associated with the Goodwill for MCh$1,031. 
 
 
NOTE 16 – PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 
 
a) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, property and equipment are detailed as follows: 
 
Concept 
March 31, 2024 
Average years of 
useful life 
Average years of 
remaining useful 
life 
 
Closing gross 
balance 
 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
 
Closing net balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Buildings and land 
37 
29 
 255,460  
 (53,737) 
 201,723  
Other property and equipment 
6 
5 
 229,301  
 (165,815) 
 63,486  
Total 
 484,761  
 (219,552) 
 265,209  
 
Concept 
December 31, 2023 
Average years of 
useful life 
Average years of 
remaining useful 
life 
 
Closing gross 
balance 
 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
 
Closing net balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Buildings and land 
37 
29 
 249,075  
 (52,251) 
 196,824  
Other property and equipment 
6 
5 
 216,761  
 (159,971) 
 56,790  
Total 
 465,836  
 (212,222) 
 253,614  
 
 
b) Changes in property and equipment as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, are as follows: 
 
Buildings and land 
Other property and 
equipment 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2024 
 249,075  
 216,761  
 465,836  
Acquisitions 
 36  
 12,871  
 12,907  
Derecognition/disposal 
 (587) 
 (3,572) 
 (4,159) 
Transfers 
 624  
 -  
 624  
Other 
 6,312  
 3,241  
 9,553  
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Gross balance as of March 31, 2024 
 255,460  
 229,301  
 484,761  
Depreciation for the period 
 (1,334) 
 (4,470) 
 (5,804) 
Derecognition/disposal 
 -  
 59  
 59  
Transfers 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Accumulated depreciation at the beginning of the period 
 (52,251) 
 (159,971) 
 (212,222) 
Other 
 (152) 
 (1,433) 
 (1,585) 
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total accumulated depreciation 
 (53,737) 
 (165,815) 
 (219,552) 
Net balance as of March 31, 2024 
 201,723  
 63,486  
 265,209  
 
 
Buildings and land 
Other property and 
equipment 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2023 
 245,329  
 203,319  
 448,648  
Acquisitions 
 43  
 20,806  
 20,849  
Derecognition/disposal 
 (1,443) 
 (9,652) 
 (11,095) 
Transfers 
 3,669  
 1,580  
 5,249  
Other 
 1,477  
 725  
 2,202  
Impairment 
 -  
 (17) 
 (17) 
Gross balance as of December 31, 2023 
 249,075  
 216,761  
 465,836  
Depreciation for the year 
 (3,317) 
 (18,212) 
 (21,529) 
Derecognition/disposal 
 262  
 7,719  
 7,981  
Transfers 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Accumulated depreciation at the beginning of the period 
 (49,066) 
 (150,477) 
 (199,543) 
Other 
 (130) 
 999  
 869  
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total accumulated depreciation 
 (52,251) 
 (159,971) 
 (212,222) 
Net balance as of December 31, 2023 
 196,824  
 56,790  
 253,614  
 
 
The Bank has no restrictions on property and equipment as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Additionally, property and equipment have not 
been pledged as collateral for the fulfillment of obligations. On the other hand, there are no amounts owed on property and equipment by the Bank as 
of the same dates. 
F-61

--- Page 364 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 59 
NOTE 17 – RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES 
a) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, this caption is detailed as follows: 
Concept 
March 31, 2024 
Average years of 
useful 
life 
Average years of 
remaining useful life 
Closing gross balance 
Accumulated depreciation 
Closing net balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Buildings and land 
 9  
 6  
 201,108  
 (87,807) 
 113,301  
Leasehold improvements 
 10  
 7  
 67,471  
 (46,803) 
 20,668  
Other property and equipment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other intangible assets 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 
 268,579  
 (134,610) 
 133,969  
Concept 
December 31, 2023 
Average years of 
useful life 
Average years of 
remaining useful life 
Closing gross balance 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Closing net balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Buildings and land 
 9  
 6  
 206,975  
 (83,027) 
 123,948  
Leasehold improvements 
 10  
 7  
 64,799  
 (44,861) 
 19,938  
Other property and equipment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other intangible assets 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 
 271,774  
 (127,888) 
 143,886  
b) Changes in right-of-use assets as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, are as follows: 
 
Buildings and land 
Leasehold improvements 
Other property and equipment 
Other intangible assets 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance January 1, 2024 
 206,975  
 64,799  
 -  
 -  
 271,774  
Acquisitions 
 14,571  
 179  
 -  
 -  
 14,750  
Derecognition/disposal 
 (25,557) 
 (245) 
 -  
 -  
 (25,802) 
Transfers 
 (3,030) 
 126  
 -  
 -  
 (2,904) 
Other 
 8,149  
 2,612  
 -  
 -  
 10,761  
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Gross balance as of March 31, 2024 
 201,108  
 67,471  
 -  
 -  
 268,579  
 
 
Depreciation for the period 
 (5,712) 
 (588) 
 -  
 -  
 (6,300) 
Derecognition/disposal 
 5,504  
 227  
 -  
 -  
 5,731  
Transfers 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Accumulated depreciation 
 (83,027) 
 (44,861) 
 -  
 -  
 (127,888) 
Other 
 (4,572) 
 (1,581) 
 -  
 -  
 (6,153) 
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total accumulated depreciation 
 (87,807) 
 (46,803) 
 -  
 -  
 (134,610) 
Net balance as of March 31, 2024 
 113,301  
 20,668  
 -  
 -  
 133,969  
 
Buildings and land 
Leasehold improvements 
Other property and equipment 
Other intangible assets 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance January 1, 2023 
 199,378  
 68,772  
 -  
 -  
 268,150  
Acquisitions 
 59,200  
 385  
 -  
 -  
 59,585  
Derecognition/disposal 
 (55,568) 
 (6,143) 
 -  
 -  
 (61,711) 
Transfers 
 2,016  
 1,175  
 -  
 -  
 3,191  
Other 
 1,949  
 610  
 -  
 -  
 2,559  
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Gross balance as of December 31, 2023 
 206,975  
 64,799  
 -  
 -  
 271,774  
 
 
Depreciation for the period 
 (20,599) 
 (3,734) 
 -  
 -  
 (24,333) 
Derecognition/disposal 
 12,148  
 5,454  
 -  
 -  
 17,602  
Transfers 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Accumulated depreciation 
 (68,907) 
 (46,357) 
 -  
 -  
 (115,264) 
Other 
 (5,669) 
 (224) 
 -  
 -  
 (5,893) 
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total accumulated depreciation 
 (83,027) 
 (44,861) 
 -  
 -  
 (127,888) 
Net balance as of December 31, 2023 
 123,948  
 19,938  
 -  
 -  
 143,886  
c) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, lease liabilities are as follows: 
March 31,  
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Lease liabilities 
118,581 
129,349 
Total 
118,581 
129,349 
d) Lease liabilities as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 : 
March 31,  
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Depreciation 
 6,300  
 24,333  
Interests 
 446  
 2,639  
Short-term leases 
 -  
 -  
Total 
6,746 
26,972 
F-62

--- Page 365 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 60 
e) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the expenses related to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are as follows: 
March 31, 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Contract maturity 
On demand 
 -  
 -  
Up to one month 
1,976 
2,047 
From 1 to 3 months 
4,898 
5,171 
From 3 months to 1 years 
15,521 
18,398 
Between 1 and 3 years 
59,611 
63,017 
From 3 to 5 years 
32,398 
36,142 
More than 5 years 
4,177 
4,574 
Total 
118,581 
129,349 
f) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the bank does not maintain future minimum lease payments to be received for non-cancellable 
operating leases. 
NOTE 18 – CURRENT TAXES AND DEFERRED TAXES 
a. 
Current tax 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank has recorded provisions for Corporate Income Tax and Tax under Article No. 21 of the Income 
Law, based on current legal tax provisions, recording a recording a current tax asset of MCh$156,129 as of March 31, 2024 (MCh$125,659 as of 
December 31, 2023). Such provisions are presented net of recoverable taxes. As detailed below: 
March 31,  
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Current tax assets 
168,887 
159,318 
Current tax (liabilities) 
(12,758) 
(33,659) 
Total assets (liabilities) 
156,129 
125,659 
Legal fees by jurisdiction 
March 31,  
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
Chile 
27.00% 
27.00% 
United States 
21.00% 
21.00% 
Peru 
29.50% 
29.50% 
March 31, 2024 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Income tax (27% tax rate) 
 (159,602) 
 (57,431) 
 734  
 (216,299) 
Previous year provision 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Provision for 40% of single tax 
(4,382) 
 -  
 -  
(4,382) 
Provision 10% single tax Law 21420 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Less: 
Monthly provisional payments 
 149,495  
 55,124  
 -  
 204,619  
Tax credit for training expenses 
 2,648  
 -  
 -  
 2,648  
Credit for acquisition of property and equipment 
 6  
 -  
 -  
 6  
Credit for donations 
 1,559  
 -  
 -  
 1,559  
Taxes to be recovered from previous years 
 165,701  
 -  
 158  
 165,859  
Withholding 4% Interest N°7 Art 74. 
 4,248  
 -  
 -  
 4,248  
Other taxes and withholdings recoverable 
 1,092  
 (3,221) 
 -  
 (2,129) 
Total 
 160,765  
 (5,528) 
 892  
 156,129  
December 31, 2023 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Income tax (27% tax rate) 
 (150,032) 
 (50,205) 
 115  
 (200,122) 
Previous year provision 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Provision for 40% of single tax 
 (286) 
 -  
 -  
 (286) 
 Provision 10% single tax Law 21420 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Less: 
 
Monthly provisional payments 
 129,524  
 23,895  
 -  
 153,419  
Tax credit for training expenses 
 190  
 -  
 -  
 190  
Credit for acquisition of property and equipment 
 2,903  
 -  
 -  
 2,903  
Credit for donations 
 3,664  
 -  
 -  
 3,664  
Income tax recoverable 
 164,581  
 -  
 211  
 164,792  
Other taxes and withholdings recoverable 
 1,099  
 -  
 -  
 1,099  
Total 
 151,643  
 (26,310) 
 326  
 125,659  
The following is the detail of the net current tax, both by economic entity and by geographical unit. In accordance with the provisions of IAS 12: 
March 31, 2024 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Current tax asset 
 167,995  
 -  
 892  
 168,887  
Current tax liability 
 (7,230) 
 (5,528) 
 -  
 (12,758) 
Net total 
160,765 
(5,528) 
892 
156,129 
December 31, 2023 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Current tax asset 
158,992 
 -  
326 
159,318 
Current tax liability 
(7,349) 
 (26,310)  
 -  
(33,659) 
Net total 
151,643 
(26,310) 
326 
125,659 
 
F-63

--- Page 366 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 61 
b. 
Income tax 
The effect of tax expenditure for the periods ended as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, is comprised of the following: 
As of March 31,  
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Income tax expense: 
Current year tax 
 (176,609) 
(19,025) 
Surplus/deficit in previous year provision 
 143,582  
- 
 
 
Deferred tax credit (debit): 
 
 
Origination and reversal of temporary differences 
(20,582) 
(6,194) 
 
 
Subtotal 
(53,609) 
(25,219) 
 
 
Tax for non-deductible expenses under Article 21 
(251) 
 (40) 
Others  
               -  
 (334) 
Net income tax debit (credit) to profit or loss 
(53,860) 
(25,593) 
c. 
Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation 
The following is the reconciliation between the income tax rate and the effective rate applied in determining the tax expense as of March 31, 2024 and 
2023: 
 
As of March 31,   
2024 
2023 
Tax rate 
Amount 
Tax rate 
Amount 
% 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
Profit before tax 
261,322 
196,539 
Tax at the prevailing tax rate 
27.00% 
70,557 
27.00% 
53,065 
 
Tax effect of non-deductible expenses when calculating taxable income: 
 
Currency correction BCI Financial Group (1) 
(1.19%) 
(3,108) 
(3.31%) 
(6,496) 
U.S. and Peru rate differences (2) 
(0.34%) 
(883) 
(0.62%) 
(1,223) 
Equity price-level adjustment 
(4.96%) 
(12,962) 
(8.02%) 
(15,770) 
One-off tax (non-deductible expenses) 
0.09% 
245 
0.02% 
41 
Bonds under Article No. 104 Income Tax Law (3) 
(0.11%) 
(288) 
(0.66%) 
(1,298) 
Other permanent differences 
0.11% 
299 
(1.39%) 
(2,726) 
Effective rate and income tax expense 
20.60% 
 53,860  
13.02% 
 25,593  
(1) 
The investment that BCI maintains in the USA (CNB) for tax purposes in Chile is adjusted for the variation of the exchange rate (US dollar), which is affected by First Category Income Tax. The 
impact of this adjustment as of March 31, 2024 is an income tax benefit of MCh$3,108, whereas as of March 31, 2023, income tax benefit amounted to MCh$6,496. 
(2) 
The legal tax rate in Chile is 27%, while in the US the tax rate is 25.345% (federal tax of 21% and state tax of 5.5%), Therefore, with respect to part of BCI’s consolidated profit (CNB, Miami Branch 
and BCI Securities) there is a tax saving associated with the difference in tax rates in force at different jurisdictions.  
(3) 
Relates to adjustments to market values and higher and lower values obtained on the sale of Chilean government bonds issued in the local market and recorded in the Bank's trading portfolio, since 
these papers are supported by Article 104 of the Income Tax Law (LIR), which exempts them from taxes on the gains or losses from the sale of such instruments. 
 
d. 
Effect of deferred taxes in equity 
The deferred tax that has been recognized as a debit to equity as of March 31, 2024 and 2024 and December 31, 2023, is comprised of the following: 
Accumulated Amounts 
Effect on Profit and Loos 
March 31, 
December 31,  
March 31, 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income 
131,480 
129,171 
2,308 
(20,924) 
Cash flow accounting hedges 
(44,521) 
(46,978) 
2,458 
21,186 
Other deferred tax credit (debit) on equity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Deferred tax credit (debit on equity) 
 86,959  
 82,193  
 4,766  
 262 
e. 
Deferred tax effect 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank has recorded the effects of deferred taxes in accordance with IAS 12 in its Interim 
Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 
March 31, 
December 31,  
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Deferred tax assets: 
 
 
With effect in income 
 451,298  
 410,268  
With effect in equity 
 86,959  
 82,193  
Total deferred tax assets 
 538,257  
 492,461  
Deferred tax liabilities: 
 
 
With effect in profit or loss 
 (1,636) 
 (2,106) 
With effect in Shareholders' equity 
 -  
 -  
Total deferred tax liabilities 
 (1,636) 
 (2,106) 
Total net deferred tax assets: 
 536,621  
 490,355  
 
 
F-64

--- Page 367 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 62 
 
The following are the effects of net deferred taxes by jurisdiction as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
March 31, 2024 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Detail of deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
Allowance for credit losses 
 241,927  
 94,177  
 -  
 336,104  
Provision for employee vacations and bonuses 
 51,755  
 -  
 279  
 52,034  
Leases (net) 
 5,187  
 (191,963) 
 -  
 (186,776) 
Property and equipment 
 (11,545) 
 (917) 
 4  
 (12,458) 
Transitory assets 
 (29,776) 
 34,681  
 -  
 4,905  
Derivative contracts 
 44,635  
 (36,294) 
 -  
 8,341  
Subordinated bonds 
 12,453  
 -  
 -  
 12,453  
Tax loss 
 44,351  
 84,592  
 1,973  
 130,916  
Other 
 26,420  
 77,471  
 252  
 104,143  
Total net assets (liabilities) 
 385,407  
 61,747  
 2,508  
 449,662  
Deferred tax credit (debit) on equity 
 (37,667) 
 124,626  
 -  
 86,959  
Net effect of deferred tax asset 
 347,740  
 186,373  
 2,508  
 536,621  
 
December 31, 2023 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Detail of deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
 
Allowance for credit losses 
 242,764  
 56,516  
 -  
 299,280  
Provision for employee vacations and bonuses 
 65,228  
 -  
 334  
 65,562  
Leases (net) 
 18,259  
 (115,199) 
 -  
 (96,940) 
Property and equipment 
 (13,972) 
 (441) 
 -  
 (14,413) 
Transitory assets 
 (18,546) 
 21,107  
 -  
 2,561  
Derivative contracts 
 39,906  
 (22,163) 
 -  
 17,743  
Subordinated bonds 
 12,453  
 -  
 -  
 12,453  
Tax loss 
 42,208  
 53,856  
 1,639  
 97,703  
Other 
 16,526  
 7,476  
 211  
 24,213  
Total net assets (liabilities) 
 404,826  
 1,152  
 2,184  
 408,162  
Deferred tax credit (debit) on equity 
 (39,865) 
 122,058  
 -  
 82,193  
Net effect of deferred tax asset 
 364,961  
 123,210  
 2,184  
 490,355  
 
NOTE 19 – OTHER ASSETS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, other assets are as follows: 
As of March 31,  
As of December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets to be leased in financial leases as lessor 
 172,655  
 271,771  
Cash guarantees delivered for derivative financial transactions 
 684,952  
 482,804  
Debtors for brokerage of financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
Accounts receivable for use of payment cards with provision of funds 
 -  
 -  
Accounts receivable from third parties 
 111,551  
 99,858  
Investment property 
 -  
 -  
VAT fiscal credit receivable 
 13,467  
 18,677  
Prepaid expenses 
 108,942  
 71,341  
Valuation adjustments for macro hedges 
 5,482  
 11,150  
Assets to support obligations for post-employment defined benefit plans 
 522,904  
 462,355  
Assets from revenue from ordinary activities from contracts with customers (*) 
 -  
 -  
Investments in gold 
 10,057  
 8,348  
Other cash collateral provided 
 33,853  
 34,912  
Pending operations 
 191,333  
 55,812  
Other assets 
 102,465  
 75,957  
Total 
 1,957,661  
 1,592,985  
(*) Corresponds to life insurance policies of the subsidiary City National Bank of BCI Financial Group, for certain executives and employees where CNB is the owner and 
beneficiary. Such policies are referred to as BOLI (Bank Owned Life Insurance). 
 
 
F-65

--- Page 368 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 63 
 
NOTE 20 – NON-CURRENT ASSETS AND DISPOSAL GROUP HELD FOR SALE AND LIABILITIES INCLUDED IN 
DISPOSAL GROUP HELD FOR SALE 
a) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, non-current assets and disposal group held for sale are as follows: 
As of March 31,  
As of December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction (*): 
Goods received in payment 
 262  
 1,458  
Assets foreclosed at judicial auction 
 6,952  
 8,139  
Provisions for goods received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction 
 (91) 
 (256) 
Subtotal 
 7,123  
 9,341  
Investment in companies 
 -  
 -  
Intangible assets 
 -  
 -  
Property and equipment 
 1,130  
 698  
Assets for recovery of assets under finance leases 
 35,376  
 35,946  
Other assets 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 36,506  
36,644 
Total 
43,629 
45,985 
 
(*) The Bank receives assets when customers have payments of overdue debts or when it acquires them in a judicial auction for payment of debts 
previously contracted in its favor. These pools of assets do not exceed 20% of the Bank's effective equity at any time, 0.084311% as of March 31, 2024 
and 0.124409% as of December 31, 2023. 
b) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, changes in provisions for assets received in payment are as follows: 
Provisions 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2023 
 (256) 
Provisions accrued 
 741  
Provisions used 
 (576) 
Balance as of March 31, 2024 
 (91) 
Provisions 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2023 
(310) 
Provisions accrued 
 2,831  
Provisions used 
 (2,777) 
Balance as of December 31, 2023 
(256) 
c) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank does not record liabilities included in a disposal group held for sale. 
 
F-66

--- Page 369 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 64 
NOTE 21 – FINANCIAL LIABILITIES HELD FOR TRADING AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
a) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss are as follows: 
March 31, 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts 
6,992,853 
 5,625,481  
Other financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
Total 
6,992,853 
 5,625,481  
b) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, financial derivative contracts are as follows: 
 
On 
Up to 
From 1 
From 3 
From 1 
From 3 
Over 
 
Fair value as of 
March 31, 2024 
demand 
1 month 
to 3 months 
months to 
to 3 
to 5 
5 years 
Total 
 
 
 
1 year 
years 
years 
 
 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts 
Forwards 
 12,844 
 16,499,715 
 15,911,220 
 20,666,853 
 5,646,098 
 1,450,241 
 2,591,016 
 62,777,987 
 1,512,772 
Swaps 
 494,554 
 16,361,337 
 44,302,630 
 69,458,529 
 67,351,376 
 34,775,480 
 40,558,779 
 273,302,685 
 5,476,754 
Call Options 
 - 
 22,543 
 23,043 
 77,816 
 25,068 
 - 
 - 
 148,470 
 1,281 
Put Options 
 - 
 7,543 
 17,947 
 68,991 
 21,157 
 - 
 - 
 115,638 
 1,842 
Futures 
 - 
 - 
 48,167 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 48,167 
 204 
Other 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Total 
 507,398 
 32,891,138 
 60,303,007 
 90,272,189 
 73,043,699 
 36,225,721 
 43,149,795 
 336,392,947 
 6,992,853 
On 
Up to 
From 1 
From 3 
From 1 
From 3 
Over 
 
 
Fair value as of 
December 31, 2023 
demand 
1 month 
to 3 months 
months up to 
to 3 
to 5 
5 years 
Total 
 
 
months 
1 year 
years 
years 
 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts 
Forwards 
 - 
 18,048,934 
 18,212,923 
 21,891,729 
 6,053,038 
 1,579,538 
 2,561,293 
 68,347,455 
 1,004,414 
Swaps 
 59,004 
 6,420,768 
 29,470,627 
 53,462,106 
 55,508,896 
 31,336,427 
 35,450,163 
 211,707,991 
 4,618,917 
Call Options 
 - 
 10,191 
 15,876 
 56,296 
 7,117 
 - 
 - 
 89,480 
 397 
Put Options 
 - 
 7,480 
 14,864 
 36,682 
 4,205 
 - 
 - 
 63,231 
 1,376 
Futures 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,368 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,368 
 377 
Other 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Total 
 59,004 
 24,487,373 
 47,714,290 
 75,454,181 
 61,573,256 
 32,915,965 
 38,011,456 
 280,215,525 
 5,625,481 
c)  As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank does not hold other financial liabilities for trading at fair value through profit or 
loss. 
 
F-67

--- Page 370 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 65 
NOTE 22 – FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT AMORTIZED COST 
a) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, financial liabilities at amortized cost are as follows: 
March 31, 2024 
December 31, 2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Deposits and other obligations on demand 
Current accounts 
23,847,621 
21,076,678 
Demand deposit accounts 
696,950 
685,713 
Other demand deposits 
249,815 
253,420 
Obligations for fund provision accounts for payment cards 
18,153 
18,236 
Other obligations on demand 
2,133,448 
1,776,251 
Subtotal 
26,945,987 
23,810,298 
Deposits and other time deposits 
Time deposits 
18,935,338 
18,375,288 
Term savings accounts 
252,122 
63,772 
Other term credit balances 
3,186 
3,211 
Subtotal 
19,190,646 
18,442,271 
Obligations for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
Transactions with domestic banks 
 40,036  
 107,171  
Transactions with foreign banks 
 -  
 -  
Transactions with other domestic entities 
 632,196  
 575,268  
Transactions with other foreign entities 
 34,494  
 24,184  
Subtotal 
 706,726  
 706,623  
Bank borrowings 
Domestic banks 
 315,202  
 362,713  
Foreign banks 
 2,166,614  
 2,188,144  
Central Bank of Chile 
 4,587,351  
 4,575,128  
Foreign Central Banks 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 7,069,167  
 7,125,985  
Debt financial instruments issued 
Letters of credit 
499 
695 
Current bonds 
8,521,738 
8,111,815 
Subtotal 
8,522,237 
8,112,510 
Other financial obligations 
Other financial obligations with the public sector 
- 
- 
Other domestic financial obligations 
90,795 
85,824 
Other foreign financial obligations 
1,844,256 
1,653,988 
Subtotal 
1,935,051 
1,739,812 
Total 
64,369,814 
59,937,499 
 
b) As of March 31, 2024, current bonds are as follows: 
CURRENT BONDS IN PESOS 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
Ch$ 
Ch$ 
Ch$ 
MCh$ 
SERIE_O1 
 100,000,000,000  
 100,000,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2025 
8.25% 
 93,178,996,391  
 93,179  
SERIE_O2 
100,000,000,000 
100,000,000,000 
12-01-2020 
12-01-2026 
7.11% 
91,411,335,916 
 91,411  
SERIE_O3 
100,000,000,000 
100,000,000,000 
12-01-2020 
12-01-2027 
5.49% 
93,249,074,448 
 93,249  
SERIE_Q1 
50,000,000,000 
50,000,000,000 
09-01-2022 
03-01-2025 
7.20% 
50,647,008,807 
 50,647  
SERIE_T1 
35,000,000,000 
8,500,000,000 
02-01-2023 
02-01-2027 
7.05% 
8,422,827,120 
 8,423  
SERIE_T2 
35,000,000,000 
32,500,000,000 
02-01-2023 
08-01-2027 
6.36% 
32,628,069,908 
 32,628  
SERIE_T3 
35,000,000,000 
35,000,000,000 
02-01-2023 
02-01-2028 
6.52% 
34,957,595,619 
 34,958  
SERIE_T4 
35,000,000,000 
35,000,000,000 
02-01-2023 
02-01-2029 
6.80% 
34,344,064,665 
 34,344  
SERIE_T5 
35,000,000,000 
35,000,000,000 
02-01-2023 
02-01-2031 
6.58% 
34,449,080,526 
 34,449  
SERIE_T6 
35,000,000,000 
35,000,000,000 
02-01-2023 
02-01-2033 
6.24% 
35,070,090,913 
 35,070  
SERIE_V5 
12,500,000,000 
12,500,000,000 
07-01-2023 
01-01-2030 
6.47% 
12,465,177,345 
 12,465  
SERIE_W5 
9,000,000,000 
9,000,000,000 
07-01-2023 
07-01-2032 
6.23% 
13,070,305,579 
 13,070  
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
 9,259,420,749  
 9,259  
Subtotal 
630,000,000,000 
556,500,000,000   
  
  
543,153,047,986 
543,152 
CURRENT BONDS IN UNIDADES DE FOMENTO 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average Rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
UF 
UF 
UF 
MCh$ 
SERIE_AJ2 
 20,000,000  
 20,000,000  
10-01-2014 
10-01-2024 
2.23% 
 20,174,486  
 748,343  
SERIE_AL3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2024 
2.40% 
 3,025,287  
 112,219  
SERIE_AL4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2028 
2.36% 
 3,042,752  
 112,866  
SERIE_AL5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2031 
2.50% 
 3,027,537  
 112,302  
SERIE_AN2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2016 
12-01-2024 
1.95% 
 3,020,877  
 112,055  
SERIE_AN3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2016 
12-01-2026 
2.00% 
 3,020,465  
 112,040  
SERIE_A2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2017 
04-01-2027 
2.18% 
 3,015,236  
 111,846  
SERIE_C3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
07-01-2017 
07-01-2025 
2.28% 
 3,004,994  
 111,466  
SERIE_C4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
07-01-2017 
07-01-2026 
2.42% 
 2,988,311  
 110,847  
SERIE_D2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2025 
2.04% 
 3,023,254  
 112,143  
SERIE_D3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2028 
2.34% 
 2,982,076  
 110,616  
SERIE_D4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2029 
2.45% 
 2,956,633  
 109,672  
SERIE_F2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2024 
1.60% 
 3,029,868  
 112,388  
SERIE_F3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2025 
2.00% 
 3,030,112  
 112,398  
SERIE_F4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2028 
2.17% 
 3,011,543  
 111,709  
SERIE_F5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2029 
2.36% 
 2,980,893  
 110,572  
Serie_G1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2018 
06-01-2025 
1.47% 
 3,038,338  
 112,703  
Serie_G2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2018 
06-01-2026 
1.09% 
 3,078,365  
 114,187  
Serie_G3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2018 
06-01-2029 
2.10% 
 3,006,579  
 111,525  
SERIE_I1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2019 
02-01-2028 
0.70% 
 3,157,221  
 117,112  
SERIE_I2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2019 
02-01-2029 
0.72% 
 3,194,049  
 118,479  
SERIE_I3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2019 
02-01-2030 
1.19% 
 3,146,816  
 116,726  
SERIE_K2 
 3,000,000  
 1,450,000  
05-01-2019 
05-01-2025 
1.90% 
 1,463,690  
 54,293  
SERIE_K4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
05-01-2019 
05-01-2029 
0.45% 
 3,258,443  
 120,867  
SERIE_M3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2019 
10-01-2028 
-0.09% 
 3,237,627  
 120,095  
SERIE_M4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2019 
10-01-2029 
-0.31% 
 3,324,057  
 123,301  
SERIE_M5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2019 
10-01-2030 
0.27% 
 3,260,077  
 120,928  
SERIE_N1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
06-01-2027 
2.05% 
 2,965,310  
 109,994  
SERIE_N2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2027 
2.76% 
 2,885,943  
 107,050  
F-68

--- Page 371 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 66 
CURRENT BONDS IN UNIDADES DE FOMENTO 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average Rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
UF 
UF 
UF 
MCh$ 
SERIE_N3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2028 
2.25% 
 2,916,989  
 108,201  
SERIE_N4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2030 
2.84% 
 2,775,867  
 102,967  
SERIE_P1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2031 
2.55% 
 3,139,448  
 116,453  
SERIE_P2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2032 
3.04% 
 3,040,370  
 112,778  
SERIE_P3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2033 
2.75% 
 3,112,535  
 115,455  
SERIE_P4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2035 
2.59% 
 3,166,124  
 117,443  
SERIE_P5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2036 
2.63% 
 3,167,293  
 117,486  
SERIE_R1 
 1,000,000  
 1,000,000  
09-01-2022 
03-01-2028 
2.85% 
 1,008,638  
 37,414  
SERIE_R2 
 1,000,000  
 1,000,000  
09-01-2022 
09-01-2028 
2.80% 
 1,011,333  
 37,514  
SERIE_R3 
 1,000,000  
 1,000,000  
09-01-2022 
03-01-2029 
2.80% 
 1,012,417  
 37,554  
SERIE_S3 
 2,000,000  
 970,000  
02-01-2023 
02-01-2030 
3.13% 
 969,089  
 35,947  
SERIE_S4 
 2,000,000  
 735,000  
02-01-2023 
02-01-2031 
2.92% 
 1,999,116  
 74,154  
SERIE_S5 
 2,000,000  
 970,000  
02-01-2023 
02-01-2032 
3.26% 
 958,937  
 35,570  
SERIE_U3 
 3,000,000  
 1,850,000  
02-01-2023 
08-01-2034 
3.31% 
 1,813,108  
 67,255  
SERIE_U4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2023 
02-01-2035 
3.32% 
 2,934,271  
 108,842  
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
 (705.451) 
 (26.168) 
Subtotal 
140,000,000 
135,240,000 
  
  
  
136,670,923 
5,069,607 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY US DOLLAR 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
MCh$ 
US05890MAA18 
500,000,000 
500,000,000 
10-12-2017 
12-10-2027 
3.65% 
504,060,117 
495,128 
XS1888335194 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
04-10-2018 
04-04-2024 
4.02% 
101,972,793 
100,166 
XS1895749593 
45,000,000 
45,000,000 
10-19-2018 
04-19-2024 
4.03% 
45,813,045 
45,001 
XS1984711355 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
04-23-2019 
04-23-2024 
3.13% 
10,120,717 
9,941 
XS2012024696 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
06-14-2019 
06-14-2029 
3.32% 
50,255,924 
49,365 
XS2024766276 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
07-10-2019 
07-10-2029 
3.21% 
50,118,219 
49,230 
XS2047630970 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
08-28-2019 
08-28-2024 
3.29% 
10,051,347 
9,873 
XS2085920416 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
02-12-2019 
02-06-2025 
3.82% 
20,050,200 
19,695 
XS2318617185 
54,000,000 
54,000,000 
03-17-2021 
03-12-2029 
2.37% 
53,966,275 
53,010 
XS2337108497 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
04-27-2021 
04-27-2026 
4.54% 
10,073,122 
9,895 
XS2357310379 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
06-23-2021 
06-23-2031 
2.60% 
9,988,545 
9,812 
XS2377687442 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
08-18-2021 
08-18-2031 
2.53% 
9,943,914 
9,768 
XS2387450393 
30,000,000 
30,000,000 
09-16-2021 
09-16-2026 
5.35% 
29,925,736 
29,395 
XS2388190592 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
09-21-2021 
09-21-2026 
5.18% 
9,951,541 
9,775 
XS2384719667 
133,000,000 
133,000,000 
09-24-2021 
09-24-2026 
1.89% 
132,165,889 
129,824 
XS2389126280 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
09-27-2021 
09-27-2031 
2.42% 
9,921,373 
9,746 
US05890MAB90 
500,000,000 
500,000,000 
10-14-2021 
10-14-2031 
3.08% 
495,237,277 
486,462 
XS2398895651 
17,000,000 
17,000,000 
10-19-2021 
10-19-2026 
5.30% 
17,124,811 
16,821 
XS2402142371 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
10-27-2021 
10-27-2028 
5.78% 
20,108,026 
19,752 
XS2407022313 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
01-12-2021 
01-12-2026 
5.43% 
20,001,200 
19,647 
XS2454830824 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
03-10-2022 
03-10-2029 
6.07% 
9,955,667 
9,779 
XS2457006521 
25,000,000 
25,000,000 
03-15-2022 
03-15-2027 
5.89% 
24,929,847 
24,488 
XS2668166775 
35,000,000 
35,000,000 
08-18-2023 
08-18-2028 
6.71% 
34,986,721 
34,367 
XS2697475015 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
09-28-2023 
09-28-2028 
6.60% 
10,007,477 
9,830 
XS2737616164 
15,000,000 
15,000,000 
12-22-2023 
12-23-2024 
5.57% 
15,234,446 
14,964 
XS2764433640 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
02-15-2024 
02-15-2029 
6.86% 
10,087,864 
9,909 
XS2764264433 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
02-16-2024 
02-16-2029 
6.84% 
10,085,699 
9,907 
XS2765503144 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
02-16-2024 
02-16-2028 
6.61% 
10,082,824 
9,904 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
 
 
 
 
 (60,607,878) 
 (59,535) 
Subtotal 
1,734,000,000 
1,734,000,000 
  
  
 
1,675,612,738 
1,645,919 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY AUD 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
AUD 
AUD 
AUD 
MCh$ 
XS1717587007 
80,000,000 
80,000,000 
11-15-2017 
11-15-2027 
4.15% 
80,887,785 
51,812 
XS1859545367 
40,000,000 
40,000,000 
07-25-2018 
07-25-2033 
4.67% 
41,021,208 
26,276 
XS1879612973 
60,000,000 
60,000,000 
09-14-2018 
09-14-2033 
4.65% 
61,086,950 
39,129 
XS1897619968 
40,000,000 
40,000,000 
10-24-2018 
10-24-2033 
4.70% 
40,282,674 
25,803 
XS2087687435 
30,000,000 
30,000,000 
02-12-2019 
03-12-2029 
4.68% 
29,946,635 
19,182 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
  
   
 (3,340,227) 
 (2,140) 
Subtotal 
250,000,000 
250,000,000 
  
249,885,025 
160,062 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY SWISS FRANC 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
CHF 
CHF 
CHF 
MCh$ 
CH0471298007 
175,000,000 
175,000,000 
05-22-2019 
11-22-2024 
0.32% 
175,130,115 
190,823 
CH0494734376 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
09-24-2019 
09-24-2029 
0.22% 
99,592,868 
108,517 
CH0505011889 
105,000,000 
105,000,000 
10-29-2019 
10-29-2025 
0.25% 
104,784,500 
114,174 
CH0506071239 
125,000,000 
125,000,000 
03-18-2020 
09-18-2026 
0.10% 
124,501,813 
135,658 
CH1120085696 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
07-15-2021 
12-15-2026 
0.39% 
99,415,760 
108,324 
CH1142512339 
200,000,000 
200,000,000 
01-26-2022 
04-26-2027 
0.60% 
199,683,624 
217,577 
CH1248666963 
135,000,000 
135,000,000 
03-22-2023 
03-22-2028 
2.89% 
133,597,537 
145,569 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
 (2,925,316) 
 (3,187) 
Subtotal 
940,000,000 
940,000,000 
  
  
933,780,901 
1,017,455 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY YEN 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
YEN 
YEN 
YEN 
MCh$ 
XS1830985781 
5,000,000,000 
5,000,000,000 
06-01-2018 
12-01-2028 
0.75% 
4,983,425,772 
32,369 
XS2424489958 
5,000,000,000 
5,000,000,000 
01-07-2022 
01-07-2027 
0.50% 
4,967,341,379 
32,264 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
 
 
 
 (59,482,525) 
 (386) 
Subtotal 
10,000,000,000 
10,000,000,000 
 9,891,284,626  
 64,247  
Total current bonds 
  
  
  
  
 
8,521,738 
 
 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY EURO 
Series 
  
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
EU 
EU 
EU 
MCh$ 
XS1493734971 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
09-23-2016 
09-23-2024 
0.89% 
20,072,104 
21,296 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
  
  
- 
- 
Subtotal 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
  
  
 
20,072,104 
21,296 
F-69

--- Page 372 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 67 
c) As of December 31, 2023, current bonds are as follows: 
CURRENT BONDS IN PESOS 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
Ch$ 
Ch$ 
Ch$ 
MCh$ 
SERIE_O1 
 100,000,000,000  
 100,000,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2025 
8.25% 
 91,356,131,225  
 91,356  
SERIE_O2 
100,000,000,000 
100,000,000,000 
12-01-2020 
12-01-2026 
7.11% 
89,859,185,371 
 89,859  
SERIE_O3 
100,000,000,000 
100,000,000,000 
12-01-2020 
12-01-2027 
5.49% 
92,041,901,300 
 92,042  
SERIE_Q1 
50,000,000,000 
50,000,000,000 
09-01-2022 
03-01-2025 
7.20% 
51,731,012,933 
 51,731  
SERIE_T1 
35,000,000,000 
8,500,000,000 
02-01-2023 
02-01-2027 
7.05% 
8,538,581,498 
 8,539  
SERIE_T2 
35,000,000,000 
32,500,000,000 
02-01-2023 
08-01-2027 
6.36% 
33,105,552,678 
 33,106  
SERIE_T3 
35,000,000,000 
35,000,000,000 
02-01-2023 
02-01-2028 
6.52% 
35,464,004,196 
 35,464  
SERIE_T4 
35,000,000,000 
35,000,000,000 
02-01-2023 
02-01-2029 
6.80% 
34,829,304,657 
 34,829  
SERIE_T5 
35,000,000,000 
35,000,000,000 
02-01-2023 
02-01-2031 
6.58% 
34,951,550,818 
 34,952  
SERIE_T6 
35,000,000,000 
35,000,000,000 
02-01-2023 
02-01-2033 
6.24% 
35,592,514,054 
 35,593  
SERIE_V5 
12,500,000,000 
12,500,000,000 
07-01-2023 
01-01-2030 
6.47% 
12,646,998,552 
 12,647  
SERIE_W5 
9,000,000,000 
9,000,000,000 
07-01-2023 
07-01-2032 
6.23% 
9,194,249,562 
 9,194  
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
11,327,582,066 
11,328 
Subtotal 
581,500,000,000 
552,500,000,000   
  
  
540,638,568,910 
540,640 
CURRENT BONDS IN UNIDADES DE FOMENTO 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average Rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
UF 
UF 
UF 
MCh$ 
SERIE_AI2 
 5,000,000  
 -  
03-01-2014 
03-01-2024 
0.00% 
 -  
 -  
SERIE_AJ2 
 20,000,000  
 20,000,000  
10-01-2014 
10-01-2024 
2.23% 
 20,062,812  
 738,098  
SERIE_AL3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2024 
2.40% 
 3,007,451  
 110,642  
SERIE_AL4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2028 
2.36% 
 3,025,109  
 111,292  
SERIE_AL5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2031 
2.50% 
 3,008,958  
 110,698  
SERIE_AN2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2016 
12-01-2024 
1.95% 
 3,006,368  
 110,602  
SERIE_AN3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2016 
12-01-2026 
2.00% 
 3,005,587  
 110,574  
SERIE_A2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2017 
04-01-2027 
2.18% 
 2,999,067  
 110,334  
SERIE_C3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
07-01-2017 
07-01-2025 
2.28% 
 3,018,149  
 111,036  
SERIE_C4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
07-01-2017 
07-01-2026 
2.42% 
 3,000,547  
 110,388  
SERIE_D2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2025 
2.04% 
 3,008,069  
 110,665  
SERIE_D3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2028 
2.34% 
 2,964,929  
 109,078  
SERIE_D4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2029 
2.45% 
 2,938,846  
 108,118  
SERIE_F2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2024 
1.60% 
 3,017,901  
 111,027  
SERIE_F3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2025 
2.00% 
 3,015,187  
 110,927  
SERIE_F4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2028 
2.17% 
 2,995,469  
 110,201  
SERIE_F5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2029 
2.36% 
 2,963,609  
 109,029  
Serie_G1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2018 
06-01-2025 
1.47% 
 3,027,303  
 111,373  
Serie_G2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2018 
06-01-2026 
1.09% 
 3,070,057  
 112,945  
Serie_G3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2018 
06-01-2029 
2.10% 
 2,991,040  
 110,038  
SERIE_I1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2019 
02-01-2028 
0.70% 
 3,181,716  
 117,053  
SERIE_I2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2019 
02-01-2029 
0.72% 
 3,218,523  
 118,407  
SERIE_I3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2019 
02-01-2030 
1.19% 
 3,167,520  
 116,531  
SERIE_K2 
 3,000,000  
 1,450,000  
05-01-2019 
05-01-2025 
1.90% 
 1,456,832  
 53,596  
SERIE_K4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
05-01-2019 
05-01-2029 
0.45% 
 3,254,800  
 119,742  
SERIE_M3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2019 
10-01-2028 
-0.09% 
 3,238,352  
 119,137  
SERIE_M4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2019 
10-01-2029 
-0.31% 
 3,326,632  
 122,385  
SERIE_M5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2019 
10-01-2030 
0.27% 
 3,257,888  
 119,856  
SERIE_N1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
06-01-2027 
2.05% 
 2,950,341  
 108,541  
SERIE_N2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2027 
2.76% 
 2,866,450  
 105,455  
SERIE_N3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2028 
2.25% 
 2,900,850  
 106,720  
SERIE_N4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2030 
2.84% 
 2,756,581  
 101,413  
SERIE_P1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2031 
2.55% 
 3,119,801  
 114,775  
SERIE_P2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2032 
3.04% 
 3,017,754  
 111,021  
SERIE_P3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2033 
2.75% 
 3,091,596  
 113,738  
SERIE_P4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2035 
2.59% 
 3,146,005  
 115,740  
SERIE_P5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2036 
2.63% 
 3,146,860  
 115,771  
SERIE_R1 
 1,000,000  
 1,000,000  
09-01-2022 
03-01-2028 
2.85% 
 1,016,526  
 37,397  
SERIE_R2 
 1,000,000  
 1,000,000  
09-01-2022 
09-01-2028 
2.80% 
 1,019,325  
 37,500  
SERIE_R3 
 1,000,000  
 1,000,000  
09-01-2022 
03-01-2029 
2.80% 
 1,020,404  
 37,540  
SERIE_S4 
 2,000,000  
 735,000  
02-01-2023 
02-01-2031 
2.92% 
 748,816  
 27,548  
SERIE_U3 
 3,000,000  
 1,850,000  
02-01-2023 
08-01-2034 
3.31% 
 1,826,119  
 67,182  
SERIE_U4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2023 
02-01-2035 
3.32% 
 2,955,347  
 108,725  
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
(1,028,540) 
(37,839) 
Subtotal 
141,000,000 
132,035,000 
  
  
  
132,782,956 
4,884,999 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY US DOLLAR 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
MCh$ 
US05890MAA18 
500,000,000 
500,000,000 
10-12-2017 
12-10-2027 
3.65% 
499,278,365 
436,619 
XS1879614755 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
09-13-2018 
03-13-2024 
3.85% 
50,559,500 
44,214 
XS1888335194 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
04-10-2018 
04-04-2024 
4.02% 
100,925,950 
88,260 
XS1895749593 
45,000,000 
45,000,000 
10-19-2018 
04-19-2024 
4.03% 
45,339,121 
39,649 
XS1984711355 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
04-23-2019 
04-23-2024 
3.13% 
10,118,950 
8,849 
XS2012024696 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
06-14-2019 
06-14-2029 
3.32% 
49,810,145 
43,559 
XS2024766276 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
07-10-2019 
07-10-2029 
3.21% 
50,488,456 
44,152 
XS2047630970 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
08-28-2019 
08-28-2024 
3.29% 
10,048,850 
8,788 
XS2085920416 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
02-12-2019 
02-06-2025 
3.82% 
20,036,184 
17,522 
XS2318617185 
54,000,000 
54,000,000 
03-17-2021 
03-12-2029 
2.37% 
53,600,611 
46,874 
XS2337108497 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
04-27-2021 
04-27-2026 
4.54% 
10,066,971 
8,804 
XS2357310379 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
06-23-2021 
06-23-2031 
2.60% 
9,915,331 
8,671 
XS2377687442 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
08-18-2021 
08-18-2031 
2.53% 
9,998,229 
8,743 
XS2387450393 
30,000,000 
30,000,000 
09-16-2021 
09-16-2026 
5.35% 
29,898,779 
26,146 
XS2388190592 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
09-21-2021 
09-21-2026 
5.18% 
9,940,721 
8,693 
XS2384719667 
133,000,000 
133,000,000 
09-24-2021 
09-24-2026 
1.89% 
132,646,790 
116,000 
XS2389126280 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
09-27-2021 
09-27-2031 
2.42% 
9,973,130 
8,722 
US05890MAB90 
500,000,000 
500,000,000 
10-14-2021 
10-14-2031 
3.08% 
490,943,009 
429,329 
XS2398895651 
17,000,000 
17,000,000 
10-19-2021 
10-19-2026 
5.30% 
17,113,870 
14,966 
XS2402142371 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
10-27-2021 
10-27-2028 
5.78% 
20,092,714 
17,571 
XS2407022313 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
01-12-2021 
01-12-2026 
5.43% 
19,982,275 
17,474 
XS2454830824 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
03-10-2022 
03-10-2029 
6.07% 
9,945,803 
8,698 
XS2457006521 
25,000,000 
25,000,000 
03-15-2022 
03-15-2027 
5.89% 
24,905,311 
21,780 
XS2668166775 
35,000,000 
35,000,000 
08-18-2023 
08-18-2028 
6.71% 
34,959,041 
30,572 
XS2697475015 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
09-28-2023 
09-28-2028 
6.60% 
10,007,455 
8,752 
XS2737616164 
15,000,000 
15,000,000 
12-22-2023 
12-23-2024 
5.57% 
15,023,213 
13,138 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
 
 
 
 
(44,938,777) 
(39,301) 
Subtotal 
1,754,000,000 
1,754,000,000 
  
  
 
1,700,679,997 
1,487,244 
F-70

--- Page 373 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 68 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY AUD 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
AUD 
AUD 
AUD 
MCh$ 
XS1717587007 
80,000,000 
80,000,000 
11-15-2017 
11-15-2027 
4.15% 
80,019,874 
47,683 
XS1859545367 
40,000,000 
40,000,000 
07-25-2018 
07-25-2033 
4.67% 
40,536,458 
24,155 
XS1879612973 
60,000,000 
60,000,000 
09-14-2018 
09-14-2033 
4.65% 
60,363,164 
35,969 
XS1897619968 
40,000,000 
40,000,000 
10-24-2018 
10-24-2033 
4.70% 
39,796,505 
23,714 
XS2087687435 
30,000,000 
30,000,000 
02-12-2019 
03-12-2029 
4.68% 
29,930,750 
17,835 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
  
   
(3,397,951) 
(2,025) 
Subtotal 
250,000,000 
250,000,000 
  
247,248,800 
147,331 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY SWISS FRANC 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
CHF 
CHF 
CHF 
MCh$ 
CH0471298007 
175,000,000 
175,000,000 
05-22-2019 
11-22-2024 
0.32% 
174,903,968 
181,633 
CH0494734376 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
09-24-2019 
09-24-2029 
0.22% 
99,496,038 
103,324 
CH0505011889 
105,000,000 
105,000,000 
10-29-2019 
10-29-2025 
0.25% 
104,662,400 
108,689 
CH0506071239 
125,000,000 
125,000,000 
03-18-2020 
09-18-2026 
0.10% 
124,402,763 
129,189 
CH1120085696 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
07-15-2021 
12-15-2026 
0.39% 
99,248,109 
103,067 
CH1142512339 
200,000,000 
200,000,000 
01-26-2022 
04-26-2027 
0.60% 
199,244,642 
206,911 
CH1248666963 
135,000,000 
135,000,000 
03-22-2023 
03-22-2028 
2.89% 
136,417,941 
141,667 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
(3,483,532) 
(3,618) 
Subtotal 
940,000,000 
940,000,000 
  
  
934,892,329 
970,862 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY YEN 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
YEN 
YEN 
YEN 
MCh$ 
XS1830985781 
5,000,000,000 
5,000,000,000 
06-01-2018 
12-01-2028 
0.75% 
4,972,098,872 
30,841 
XS2424489958 
5,000,000,000 
5,000,000,000 
01-07-2022 
01-07-2027 
0.50% 
4,969,225,046 
30,823 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
(44,621,233) 
(277) 
Subtotal 
10,000,000,000 
10,000,000,000 
9,896,702,685 
61,387 
Total current bonds 
  
  
  
  
 
8,111,815 
 
d) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the maturity of current bonds is as follows: 
March 31, 2024 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Short and long-term maturity 
Current bonds 
6,994,022 
1,527,716 
8,521,738 
Total 
6,994,022 
1,527,716 
8,521,738 
December 31, 2023 
Long-term 
Short- term 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Short and long-term maturity 
current bonds 
6,637,563 
1,474,252 
8,111,815 
Total 
6,637,563 
1,474,252 
8,111,815 
e) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the securities under sale and repurchase agreements are as follows: 
Entity 
type 
Maturity as of March 31, 2024 
On demand 
Up to 1 month 
From 1 to 3 
months 
From 3 months 
to 1 year 
From 1 to 3 years From 3 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Transactions with domestic banks 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
 -  
40,036 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
40,036 
Repurchase agreements with the Central Bank of Chile 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Securities lending obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
40,036 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
40,036 
 
Transactions with foreign banks 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Repurchase agreements with foreign central banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Securities lending obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
 
Transactions with other domestic entities 
Repurchase agreement 
 -  
 627,546  
 2,546  
 2,104  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 632,196  
Securities lending obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 627,546  
 2,546  
 2,104  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 632,196  
 
Transactions with other foreign entities 
Repurchase agreement 
 -  
 34,494  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 34,494  
Securities lending obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 34,494  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 34,494  
 
Total 
 -  
 702,076  
 2,546  
 2,104  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 706,726  
 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY EURO 
Series 
  
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
EU 
EU 
EU 
MCh$ 
XS1493734971 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
09-23-2016 
09-23-2024 
0.89% 
20,020,592 
19,352 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
  
  
- 
- 
Subtotal 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
  
  
 
20,020,592 
19,352 
F-71

--- Page 374 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 69 
Entity 
type 
Maturity of the commitment as of December 31, 2023 
On demand 
Up to 1 month 
From 1 to 3 
months 
From 3 months 
to 1 year 
From 1 to 3 years From 3 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Transactions with domestic banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
 -  
107,171 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
107,171 
Repurchase agreements with the Central Bank of Chile 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Securities lending obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
107,171 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
107,171 
 
Transactions with foreign banks 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Repurchase agreements with foreign central banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Securities lending obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
 
Transactions with other domestic entities 
Repurchase agreement 
 -  
 571,123  
 2,056  
 2,089  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 575,268  
Securities lending obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 571,123  
 2,056  
 2,089  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 575,268  
 
Transactions with other foreign entities 
Repurchase agreement 
 -  
 23,926  
 258  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 24,184  
Securities lending obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 23,926  
 258  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 24,184  
 
Total 
 -  
 702,220  
 2,314  
 2,089  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 706,623  
 
NOTE 23 – REGULATORY CAPITAL FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED 
a) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the Bank and its subsidiaries do not record any default in the payment of their obligations with 
banks or any other associated breaches.  
b) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the detail of the regulatory capital financial instruments issued is as follows: 
March 31,  
December 31,  
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
 
Subordinated bonds 
 1,570,212  
1,551,291 
Bonds without fixed maturity 
 474,523  
- 
Preferred stock 
 -  
- 
Total 
 2,044,735  
1,551,291 
c) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, movements in regulatory capital financial instruments issued are detailed as follows: 
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
Subordinated bonds 
Bonds without fixed maturity 
Preferred stock 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balances as of January 1, 2024 
1,551,291 
 
 
 -  
- 
New issues 
 -  
 484,085  
- 
Acquisition or redemption by the issuer 
 -  
 -  
- 
Modification of the issuance conditions 
 -  
 -  
- 
Payment of interest to the holder 
(7,078) 
 -  
- 
Payment of principal to the holder 
 -  
 -  
- 
Accrued interest 
 13,132  
 -  
- 
Inflation-indexation accrued by the UF and/or the exchange rate 
 12,867  
 -  
- 
Foreign currency translation differences 
 -  
 7,055  
- 
Depreciation 
 -  
 -  
- 
Revaluation 
 -  
 -  
- 
Maturity 
 -  
 -  
- 
Conversion to common stock 
 -  
 -  
- 
Other 
- 
 (16,617) 
- 
Balances as of March 31, 2024 
1,570,212 
474,523 
- 
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
Subordinated bonds 
Bonds without fixed maturity 
Preferred stock 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balances as of January 1, 2023 
 1,499,299  
- 
- 
New issues 
 -  
- 
- 
Acquisition or redemption by the issuer 
 -  
- 
- 
Modification of the issuance conditions 
 -  
- 
- 
Payment of interest to the holder 
 (71,499) 
- 
- 
Payment of principal to the holder 
 -  
- 
- 
Accrued interest 
 82,877  
- 
- 
Inflation-indexation accrued by the UF and/or the exchange rate 
 63,148  
- 
- 
Foreign currency translation differences 
 -  
- 
- 
Depreciation 
 -  
- 
- 
Revaluation 
 -  
- 
- 
Maturity 
 -  
- 
- 
Conversion to common stock 
 -  
- 
- 
Other 
 (22,534) 
- 
- 
Balances as of December 31, 2023 
1,551,291 
- 
- 
 
F-72

--- Page 375 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 70 
d) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, subordinated bonds are as follows: 
 
SUBORDINATED BONDS IN UNIDADES DE FOMENTO 
As of March 31, 2024 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance 
Maturity 
Issue term  
(years) 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
UF 
UF 
date 
date 
rate 
UF 
MCh$ 
SERIE_AD1 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
06-01-2010 
06-01-2040 
30 
4.17% 
3,749,647 
139,088 
SERIE_AD2 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
06-01-2010 
06-01-2042 
32 
4.14% 
2,787,380 
103,394 
SERIE_F 
1,200,000 
1,200,000 
05-01-1999 
05-01-2024 
25 
7.73% 
52,002 
1,929 
SERIE_G 
400,000 
400,000 
05-01-1999 
05-01-2025 
26 
7.92% 
50,068 
1,857 
SERIE_L 
1,200,000 
1,200,000 
10-01-2001 
10-01-2026 
25 
6.39% 
279,426 
10,365 
SERIE_M 
1,800,000 
1,800,000 
10-01-2001 
10-01-2027 
26 
6.43% 
529,575 
19,644 
SERIE_N 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
06-01-2004 
06-01-2029 
25 
5.25% 
553,137 
20,518 
SERIE_O 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
06-01-2004 
06-01-2030 
26 
3.93% 
572,909 
21,251 
SERIE_R 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
06-01-2005 
06-01-2038 
33 
4.72% 
884,081 
32,794 
SERIE_S 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
12-01-2005 
12-01-2030 
25 
4.86% 
835,991 
31,010 
SERIE_T 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
12-01-2005 
12-01-2031 
26 
4.52% 
922,572 
34,221 
SERIE_U 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
06-01-2007 
06-01-2032 
25 
4.19% 
1,792,134 
66,477 
SERIE_W 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
06-01-2008 
06-01-2036 
28 
4.05% 
2,466,520 
91,492 
SERIE_Y 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
12-01-2007 
12-01-2030 
23 
4.25% 
3,029,848 
112,388 
SERIE_AC 
6,000,000 
6,000,000 
03-01-2010 
03-01-2040 
30 
3.96% 
5,577,892 
206,904 
SERIE_AH 
15,000,000 
9,000,000 
09-01-2013 
09-01-2043 
30 
3.63% 
8,044,087 
298,381 
SERIE_B1S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2019 
12-01-2039 
20 
1.32% 
3,309,274 
122,753 
SERIE_B2S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2019 
12-01-2044 
25 
1.30% 
3,401,254 
126,164 
SERIE_B3S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2019 
12-01-2049 
30 
1.28% 
3,493,381 
129,582 
Total subordinated bonds 
60,100,000 
54,100,000 
 
 
 
 
42,331,178 
1,570,212 
 
SUBORDINATED BONDS IN UNIDADES DE FOMENTO 
As of December 31, 2023 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance 
date 
Maturity 
date 
Issue term  
(years) 
Average 
rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
UF 
UF 
UF 
MCh$ 
SERIE_AD1 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
01-01-2010 
06-01-2040 
30 
4.17% 
3,711,637 
136,549 
SERIE_AD2 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
01-01-2010 
06-01-2042 
32 
4.14% 
2,759,335 
101,514 
SERIE_F 
1,200,000 
1,200,000 
01-01-1999 
05-01-2024 
25 
7.73% 
51,047 
1,878 
SERIE_G 
400,000 
400,000 
01-01-1999 
05-01-2025 
26 
7.92% 
49,126 
1,807 
SERIE_L 
1,200,000 
1,200,000 
01-01-2001 
10-01-2026 
25 
6.39% 
275,145 
10,122 
SERIE_M 
1,800,000 
1,800,000 
01-01-2001 
10-01-2027 
26 
6.43% 
521,411 
19,182 
SERIE_N 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
01-01-2004 
06-01-2029 
25 
5.25% 
546,116 
20,091 
SERIE_O 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
01-01-2004 
06-01-2030 
26 
3.93% 
567,418 
20,875 
SERIE_R 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
01-01-2005 
06-01-2038 
33 
4.72% 
873,967 
32,153 
SERIE_S 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
12-01-2005 
12-01-2030 
25 
4.86% 
826,173 
30,394 
SERIE_T 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
12-01-2005 
12-01-2031 
26 
4.52% 
912,457 
33,569 
SERIE_U 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
06-01-2007 
06-01-2032 
25 
4.19% 
1,773,900 
65,261 
SERIE_W 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
06-01-2008 
06-01-2036 
28 
4.05% 
2,442,224 
89,848 
SERIE_Y 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
12-01-2007 
12-01-2030 
23 
4.25% 
2,998,572 
110,316 
SERIE_AC 
6,000,000 
6,000,000 
03-01-2010 
03-01-2040 
30 
3.96% 
5,714,810 
210,244 
SERIE_AH 
15,000,000 
9,000,000 
09-01-2013 
09-01-2043 
30 
3.63% 
7,972,388 
293,299 
SERIE_B1S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2019 
12-01-2039 
20 
1.32% 
3,298,472 
121,349 
SERIE_B2S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2019 
12-01-2044 
25 
1.30% 
3,390,317 
124,728 
SERIE_B3S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2019 
12-01-2049 
30 
1.28% 
3,482,318 
128,112 
Total subordinated bonds 
60,100,000 
54,100,000 
  
  
 
  
42,166,833 
1,551,291 
 
NOTE 24 – PROVISIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES 
a) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the provisions for contingencies are comprised of the following: 
 
March 31,  
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Provisions for employee benefit obligations 
 90,600  
 147,545  
Provisions recorded by a foreign bank branch for remittances of profits to its parent 
 -  
 -  
Provisions for restructuring plans 
 -  
 -  
Provisions for lawsuits and litigation 
 4,757  
 4,732  
Provisions for obligations related to customer loyalty and merit-based programs 
 8,444  
 8,839  
Provisions for operational risk 
 493  
 496  
Other provisions for other contingencies 
 31,877  
 38,163  
Total 
136,171 
199,775 
b) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the provisions for employee benefit obligations are as follows: 
 
March 31,  
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Provision for short-term employee benefits 
 60,578  
 112,381  
Provision for post-employment employee benefits 
 -  
 -  
Provision for long-term employee benefits 
 -  
 -  
Provision for employee termination benefits 
 332  
 514  
Provision for share-based or equity payments to employees 
 -  
 -  
Provision for defined contribution post-employment plans 
 -  
 -  
Provision for post-employment defined benefit plans 
 -  
 -  
Provision for other personnel liabilities 
 29,690  
 34,650  
Total 
90,600 
147,545 
c) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 movements in the provision for performance bonuses are as follows: 
March 31,  
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 
 92,552  
 85,420  
Provisions recorded 
 27,264  
 78,715  
Provisions accrued 
 (76,004) 
 (70,414) 
Provisions used 
 (3,653) 
 (2,090) 
Other changes 
 3,954  
 921  
Total  
 44,113  
92,552 
F-73

--- Page 376 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 71 
d) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 movements in the provision for accrued vacations are as follows: 
March 31,  
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 
 22,149  
 21,391  
Provisions recorded 
 4,504  
 16,232  
Provisions accrued 
 (8,441) 
 (17,285) 
Provisions used 
 -  
 -  
Other changes 
 490  
 1,811  
Total  
 18,702  
22,149 
F-74

--- Page 377 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 72 
NOTE 25 – PROVISIONS FOR DIVIDENDS. INTEREST PAYMENTS AND REVALUATION OF REGULATORY 
CAPITAL FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
a) As of December 31, 2023 and 202, the detail of the provisions for dividends, interest payments and revaluation of regulatory capital financial 
instruments is as follows: 
 
March 31,  
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Provisions for dividends. Interest payment and revaluation of regulatory 
capital financial instruments issued 
 
Provisions for dividends 
266,970 
204,740 
Provision for interest payment on bonds without fixed maturity 
6,327 
-  
Provision for revaluation of bonds without fixed maturity 
-  
-  
Total 
273,297 
204,740 
b) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, movements in provisions for dividends. Interest payments and revaluation of regulatory capital 
financial instruments are detailed as follows: 
 
Provisions 
Provisions for dividends 
Provision for interest 
payment on bonds 
without maturity date 
Provision for 
revaluation of bonds 
without maturity date 
 
Total 
Common stock 
Preferred stock 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balances as of January 1, 2024 
 204,740  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 204,740  
Provisions recorded 
 266,970  
 -  
 6,327  
 -  
 273,297  
Provisions accrued 
 (204,740) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
(204,740) 
Provisions used 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Balance as of March 31, 2024 
 266,970  
 -  
 6,327  
 -  
 273,297  
 
Provisions 
Provisions for dividends 
Provision for interest 
payment on bonds 
without maturity date 
Provision for 
revaluation of bonds 
without maturity date 
 
Total 
Common stock 
Preferred stock 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balances as of January 1, 2023 
 246,247  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 246,247  
Provisions recorded 
204,740 
 -  
 -  
 -  
204,740 
Provisions accrued 
 (246,247) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
(246,247) 
Release of provisions 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Balance as of December 31, 2023 
204,740 
 -  
 -  
 -  
204,740 
 
F-75

--- Page 378 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 73 
NOTE 26 – SPECIAL PROVISIONS FOR CREDIT LOSS 
a) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, special provisions for credit loss are as follows: 
 
March 31,  
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Provisions for credit loss for contingent loans 
 69,821  
 63,786  
Provisions for country risk for operations with debtors domiciled abroad 
 6,270  
 4,950  
Special provisions for foreign loans 
 -  
 -  
Additional provisions for loans (*) 
 365,536  
 375,900  
Provisions for adjustments to the minimum required provision for normal portfolio assessed on a stand-alone basis 
 -  
 7,762  
Provisions accrued for credit loss as a result of complementary prudential requirements 
 -  
 -  
Total 
 441,627  
 452,398  
(*) These provisions are determined as described in Note 2 y). 
b) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the composition of special provisions for credit risk for contingent credits are as follows: 
March 31,  
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Provisions for credit loss for contingent loans 
 
Guarantors and surety bonds 
 3,510  
 1,687  
Confirmed foreign letters of credit 
 1,624  
 1,083  
Documentary letters of credit issued 
 -  
 - 
Transactions related to contingent events 
 23,903  
 22,857  
Subtotal 
 29,037  
 25,627  
Undrawn lines of credit in: 
Current account - business portfolio 
 20,378  
 18,106  
Credit card - business portfolio 
 4,169  
 3,879  
Current account - consumer portfolio 
 1,618  
 1,650  
Credit card - consumer portfolio 
 2  
 7  
Subtotal 
 26,167  
 23,642  
Other credit commitments 
Credits for higher education Law No. 20,027 (CAE) 
 4  
 3  
Other irrevocable credit commitments 
 7,394  
 7,541  
Subtotal 
 7,398  
 7,544  
Undrawn credit lines with immediate termination in: 
Current account – business portfolio 
 -  
 -  
Credit card – business portfolio 
 -  
 -  
Current account – consumer portfolio 
 138  
 124  
Credit card – consumer portfolio 
 7,081  
 6,849  
Subtotal 
 7,219  
 6,973  
Commitments to acquire debt in local currency abroad 
 -  
 -  
Other contingent loans 
 -  
 -  
Provisions for country risk for operations with debtors domiciled abroad 
 6,270  
 4,950  
Special provisions for loans abroad 
 -  
 -  
Additional provisions for loans 
 365,536  
 375,900  
Provisions for adjustments to the minimum required provision for normal portfolio assessed on a stand- 
alone basis 
 -  
 7,762  
Provisions accrued for credit loss as a result of complementary prudential requirements 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 371,806  
 388,612  
Total 
441,627 
452,398 
c) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, movements in special provisions for credit loss are as follows: 
 
 
 
Credit risk for 
contingent loans 
 
Country risk for 
transactions with 
debtors domiciled 
abroad 
 
 
Special provisions for 
loans abroad 
 
 
Additional provisions 
for loans 
Adjustments to 
provisions for 
adjustments to the 
minimum required 
provision for normal 
portfolio assessed on 
a stand-alone basis 
 
Provisions accrued 
for credit loss as a 
result of 
complementary 
prudential 
requirements 
 
 
 
Total 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2024 
                  63,786  
                         4,950  
                    -  
       375,900  
             7,762  
                    -  
       452,398  
Provisions recorded 
                     6,730  
                            802  
                    -  
                    -  
                    1  
                    -  
            7,533 
Provisions accrued 
                             -                                    -  
                    -  
                    -  
                    -  
                    -  
                    -  
Provisions used 
                   (3,832) 
                                  -  
                    -  
         (12,447) 
          (7,763) 
                    -  
       (24,042) 
Exchange rate variation 
                      3,137  
                             518  
                    -  
           2,083  
                    -  
                    -  
            5,738  
Balance as of March 31, 2024 
                   69,821  
                         6,270  
                    -  
       365,536  
                    -  
                    -  
       441,627  
 
 
Credit risk for 
contingent loans 
 
Country risk for 
transactions with 
debtors domiciled 
abroad 
 
 
Special provisions 
for loans abroad 
 
 
Additional 
provisions for loans 
Adjustments to 
provisions for 
adjustments to the 
minimum required 
provision for normal 
portfolio assessed on 
a stand-alone basis 
 
Provisions accrued 
for credit loss as a 
result of 
complementary 
prudential 
requirements 
 
 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2023 
 60,252  
 4,716  
 -  
 415,022  
 11,065  
 -  
 491,055  
Provisions recorded 
 10,437  
 1,522  
 -  
 10,700  
 1,007  
 -  
 23,666  
Provisions accrued 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Provisions used 
 (7,684) 
 (1,412) 
 -  
 (50,000) 
 (4,310) 
 -  
 (63,406) 
Exchange rate variation 
 781  
 124  
 -  
 178  
 -  
 -  
 1,083  
Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 63,786  
 4,950  
 -  
 375,900  
 7,762  
 -  
 452,398  
 
F-76

--- Page 379 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 74 
NOTE 27 – OTHER LIABILITIES 
a) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, other liabilities are as follows: 
 
March 31,  
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Cash guarantees received for derivative financial operations 
 744,183  
 647,548  
Creditors for brokerage of financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
Accounts payable to third parties 
 1,438,155  
 1,367,201  
Accounts receivable from subsidiaries for services rendered (applicable only at individual bank level) 
 -  
 -  
Agreed dividends payable 
 -  
 -  
Valuation adjustments for macro hedges 
 7,066  
 9,111  
Liability for revenue from contract with customers 
 48,177  
 48,922  
VAT fiscal debit payable 
 18,866  
 19,185  
Other cash collateral received 
 -  
 -  
Pending transactions 
 24,603  
 28,686  
Other liabilities 
 14,388  
 11,026  
Total 
 2,295,438  
 2,131,679  
NOTE 28 – EQUITY 
a) Paid-in capital and shares 
The changes in common shares as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, are as follows: 
March 31,  
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
Number 
Number 
Shares issued as of January 1 
218,604,259 
 168,837,345  
Issuance of bonus shares 
- 
 21,700,678  
Shares subscribed and paid for capital increase 
- 
 28,066,236  
Total issued 
 218,604,259  
 218,604,259  
b) Shareholders 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the distribution of shareholders is as follows: 
 
As of March 31, 2024 
Shares 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Shares 
Number of shares 
Ownership % 
 
Number of shares 
Ownership % 
Empresas Juan Yarur S.P.A. (Parent) 
121,017,770 
55.36% 
 Empresas Juan Yarur S.P.A. (Parent) 
121,017,770 
55.36% 
Banco de Chile por cuenta de terceros no residentes 
12,393,007 
5.67% 
 Banco de Chile por cuenta de terceros no residentes 
12,600,822 
5.76% 
Banco Santander por cuenta de Inversionistas Extranjeros 
6,623,819 
3.03% 
 Banco Santander por cuenta de Inversionistas Extranjeros 
5,886,104 
2.69% 
Banchile Corredores de Bolsa S.A. 
5,874,328 
2.69% 
 Banchile Corredores de Bolsa S.A. 
5,625,248 
2.57% 
AFP Habitat S.A 
5,415,286 
2.48% 
 AFP Habitat S.A 
5,416,072 
2.48% 
BCI Corredores de Bolsa S.A. por cuenta de terceros 
4,796,195 
2.19% 
 BCI Corredores de Bolsa S.A. por cuenta de terceros 
4,862,484 
2.22% 
AFP Cuprum S.A. 
4,457,906 
2.04% 
 AFP Cuprum S.A. 
4,487,156 
2.05% 
AFP Capital S.A. 
4,390,667 
2.01% 
 AFP Capital S.A. 
4,443,183 
2.03% 
AFP Provida S.A 
4,010,350 
1.83% 
 AFP Provida S.A 
4,051,822 
1.85% 
Inversiones Cerro Sombrero Financiero S.P.A. 
3,719,525 
1.70% 
 Inversiones Cerro Sombrero Financiero S.P.A. 
3,719,525 
1.70% 
Imsa Financiera S.P.A. 
3,262,820 
1.49% 
 Imsa Financiera S.P.A. 
3,262,820 
1.49% 
Inversiones Nueva Altamira S.P.A 
3,059,664 
1.40% 
 Inversiones Nueva Altamira S.P.A 
3,059,664 
1.40% 
Inversiones VYR S.P.A. 
2,491,841 
1.14% 
 Larraín Vial S.A. Corredora de Bolsa 
2,539,450 
1.16% 
Larraín Vial S.A. Corredora de Bolsa 
2,479,250 
1.13% 
 Inversiones VYR S.P.A. 
2,491,841 
1.14% 
AFP Modelo S.A 
2,011,409 
0.92% 
 Inversiones Tarascona Corporation Agencia en Chile 
1,977,063 
0.90% 
Inversiones Tarascona Corporation Agencia en Chile 
1,977,063 
0.90% 
 AFP Modelo S.A 
1,843,136 
0.84% 
Jorge Juan Yarur Bascuñán 
1,832,768 
0.84% 
 Jorge Juan Yarur Bascuñán 
1,832,768 
0.84% 
Bolsa de Comercio de Santiago Bolsa de Valores 
1,508,381 
0.69% 
 Credicorp Capital S.A. Corredores de Bolsa 
1,601,361 
0.73% 
AFP Planvital S.A. 
1,391,211 
0.64% 
 AFP Planvital S.A. 
1,380,631 
0.63% 
BTG Pactual Chile S.A. Corredores de Bolsa 
1,250,571 
0.57% 
 Bolsa de Comercio de Santiago Bolsa de Valores 
1,377,699 
0.63% 
Empresas JY S.A. 
1,202,436 
0.55% 
 BTG Pactual Chile S.A. Corredores de Bolsa 
1,280,778 
0.59% 
Credicorp Capital S.A. Corredores de Bolsa 
1,158,342 
0.53% 
 Empresas JY S.A. 
1,202,436 
0.55% 
Inversiones Colibrí Financiera S.A. 
1,020,858 
0.47% 
 Inversiones Colibrí Financiera S.A. 
1,020,858 
0.47% 
Santander Corredores de Bolsa 
790,435 
0.36% 
 BICE Inversiones Corredores de Bolsa S.A. 
1,009,716 
0.46% 
BICE Inversiones Corredores de Bolsa S.A. 
779,793 
0.36% 
 Bolsa Electrónica de Chile Bolsa de Valores 
793,499 
0.36% 
Other shareholders 
19,688,564 
9.01% 
 Other shareholders  
19,820,353 
9.07% 
Subscribed and paid-in shares 
218,604,259 
100.00% 
 Subscribed and paid-in shares 
218,604,259 
100.00% 
 
c) Dividends 
a. During the periods ended  March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the following dividends were declared by the Bank: 
0 
March 31, 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
Ch$ per common share 
Ch$1,500 
Ch$1,500 
b. Dividends agreed and paid as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are detailed as follows: 
 
i. 
On March 19, 2024, the Board of Directors agreed to propose to the shareholders the distribution of net income obtained by the Bank in 
2023, approving the distribution of net income amounting to Ch$682,467,865,539 (MCh$682,468), as follows: 
 
To distribute a dividend of Ch$1,000 per share among the total of 218,604,259 shares issued and registered with the Shareholders' Registry, 
which implies allocating for this purpose the amount of Ch$218,604,259,000 (MCh$218,604), i.e., 32.03% of the distributable net income 
for the year 2023. 
 
ii. 
On March 14, 2023, the Board of Directors agreed to propose to the shareholders the distribution of the net income obtained by the Bank 
in 2022, approving the distribution of net income amounting to Ch$820,821,690,521 (MCh$820,822), as follows: 
 
To distribute a dividend of Ch$1,500 per share among the total of 168,837,345 shares issued and registered in the Shareholders' Registry, 
which implies allocating for this purpose the amount of Ch$253,256,017,500 (MCh$253,256), i.e., 30.85% of the distributable net income 
for the year 2022. 
 
F-77

--- Page 380 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 75 
 
c. Provision for minimum dividends as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
The provision for dividends as of March 31, 2024 amounted to MCh$266,970 (MCh$204,740 as of December 31, 2023). 
d. 
Provision for interest payments on bonds with no fixed maturity: 
 
The Bank records the accrual of interest on bonds with no fixed maturity date in the provisions for dividends, payments of interest and repricing 
of regulatory capital financial instruments issued. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, these amount to MCh$6,327 and MCh$0, 
respectively, for further information see note No. 25. 
 
Additionally, the Bank presents the interest accrual of the hedge at fair value that hedges the bond with no fixed maturity date. As of March 31, 
2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance amounts to MCh$1,202 and MCh$0, respectively. 
 
d) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there are no dilutive securities, such that basic and diluted earnings per share are the same: 
March 31,  
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
Earnings attributable to equity holders of the parent 
207,432 
682,468 
Profit available to shareholders in MCh$ 
207,432 
682,468 
Weighted average number of shares 
218,604,259 
187,544,721 
Basic earnings per share ($/share) 
949 
3,639 
e) Other comprehensive income 
 
Items that can be classified in profit or loss 
• 
Foreign currency translation differences of foreign entities: 
They arise from exchange differences arising from the translation of a net investment in foreign entities whose functional currency is different from the 
parent company's functional currency. 
• 
Cash flow hedge: 
They arise from the valuation at fair value at the end of each period of the derivative contracts that have been defined as cash flow hedges. 
• 
Changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
The fair value reserve includes the accumulated net changes in the market value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. 
When (all or part of) the investment is sold or disposed of these reserves are recognized in the Interim Consolidated Statements of Income for the period 
as part of the gain or loss related to investments (Note 1 letter (t)) states the accounting treatment in case of impairment. 
Items that will not subsequently be reclassified to profit or loss 
• 
Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability (asset) and actuarial gains and losses for other employee benefit plans 
These mainly arise from actuarial gains and losses from increases or decreases in the present value of the defined benefit obligation due to changes in 
actuarial assumptions and experience adjustments. 
 
• 
Net changes in the fair value of equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
They relate to equity instruments (shares) for minority investments in companies recorded in accordance with IFRS 9, under which changes in the fair 
value of such instruments shall irrevocably be recorded in other comprehensive income after initial recognition. 
 
F-78

--- Page 381 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 76 
 
 
 
 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, changes in Other Comprehensive Income are as follows: 
 
 
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
Re-       
measurement of 
the net defined 
benefit liability 
(asset) and 
actuarial results 
for other 
employee 
benefit plans 
 
Net changes in 
the fair value of 
equity 
instruments at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Changes in the 
fair value of 
financial liabilities 
at fair value 
through profit or 
loss attributable to 
changes in the 
credit risk of the 
financial liability 
 
Share in other 
comprehensive 
income of 
entities 
accounted for 
under the 
equity method 
 
 
Non-current 
assets and 
disposal 
groups held 
for sale 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 
 
 
Income 
tax 
 
 
 
 
Subtotal 
 
Changes in fair 
value of 
financial assets 
at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
 
 
 
Translation 
differences 
for foreign 
entities 
 
 
Accounting 
hedges of net 
investments 
in foreign 
entities 
 
 
 
 
Cash flow 
hedge 
 
 
 
Items not 
designated as 
hedging 
instruments 
 
Share in other 
comprehensive 
income of 
entities 
accounted for 
under the 
equity method 
 
 
Non-current 
assets and 
disposal 
groups held 
for sale 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 
 
 
Income 
tax 
 
 
 
 
Subtotal 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Closing balance as of December 31, 2023 
 (41) 
 436  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 395  
 (511,069) 
 458,839  
- 
173,994 
- 
- 
- 
- 
82,193 
203,957 
Effect of the correction or errors 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Effects of changes in accounting compendium 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2024 
 (41) 
 436  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 395  
 (511,069) 
 458,839  
- 
173,994 
- 
- 
- 
- 
82,193 
203,957 
Profit for the period 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other comprehensive income for the period 
 -  
 280  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 280  
 955  
 280,993  
 -  
 59,767  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 4,766  
346,481  
Closing balance as of March 31, 2024 
 (41) 
 716  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 675  
 (510,114) 
 739,832  
 -  
 233,761  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 86,959  
550,438  
 
 
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
Re-       
measurement of 
the net defined 
benefit liability 
(asset) and 
actuarial results 
for other 
employee 
benefit plans 
 
Net changes in 
the fair value of 
equity 
instruments at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Changes in the fair 
value of financial 
liabilities at fair 
value through 
profit or loss 
attributable to 
changes in the 
credit risk of the 
financial liability 
 
Share in other 
comprehensive 
income of 
entities 
accounted for 
under the 
equity method 
 
 
Non-current 
assets and 
disposal 
groups held 
for sale 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 
 
 
Income 
tax 
 
 
 
 
Subtotal 
 
Changes in fair 
value of 
financial assets 
at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
 
 
 
Translation 
differences 
for foreign 
entities 
 
 
Accounting 
hedges of net 
investments 
in foreign 
entities 
 
 
 
 
Cash flow 
hedge 
 
 
 
Items not 
designated as 
hedging 
instruments 
 
Share in other 
comprehensive 
income of 
entities 
accounted for 
under the 
equity method 
 
 
Non-current 
assets and 
disposal 
groups held 
for sale 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 
 
 
Income 
tax 
 
 
 
 
Subtotal 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Closing balance as of December 31, 2022 
(132) 
 (50) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(182) 
 (641,186) 
385,370  
 -  
140,908  
- 
- 
- 
- 
 117,301  
 2,393  
Effect of the correction or errors 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Effects of changes in accounting compendium 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2023 
 (132) 
 (50) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(182) 
 (641,186) 
 385,370  
-  
 140,908  
- 
- 
- 
- 
 117,301  
 2,393  
Profit for the period 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other comprehensive income for the period 
 91  
 486  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 577  
 130,117  
 73,469  
- 
33,086 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(35,108) 
201,564 
Closing balance as of  December 31, 2023 
 (41) 
 436  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 395  
 (511,069) 
 458,839  
- 
173,994 
- 
- 
- 
- 
82,193 
203,957 
 
 
 
F-79

--- Page 382 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 77 
NOTE 29 – CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS 
a) 
Lawsuits and legal proceedings 
Banco BCI 
The Bank and its subsidiaries record several lawsuits related to their activities which, considering their background and grounds for the defensive 
arguments presented. In the opinion of Management and the internal legal advisors, will not generate liabilities or obligations in addition to those 
previously recorded by the Bank and its subsidiaries, therefore it has not been considered necessary to record a provision in addition to the one recorded 
for these contingencies. As of March 31, 2024, the Bank and its subsidiaries had provisions for civil, labor, and other claims amounting to MCh$4,757 
(MCh$4,732 as of December 31, 2023). 
b) 
Guarantees granted for operations: 
• 
Direct commitments 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank does not maintain guarantees for this concept.  
• 
Guarantees for operations 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank has the following guarantees: 
 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A. 
As of March 31, 2024 this Company has collateralized the commitments for simultaneous operations in the Santiago Stock Exchange, whose valuation 
amounts to MCh$70,138 (MCh$46,534 as of December 31, 2023). 
As of March 31, 2024, the Company has provided guarantees for the correct fulfillment of the settlement of CCLV system operations in the Santiago Stock 
Exchange for MCh$20,140 (MCh$22,139 as of December 31, 2023). 
As of March 31, 2024, the Company has provided guarantees for the correct fulfillment in the settlement of CCLV system operations with derivatives 
in the Santiago Stock Exchange MCh$178 (MCh$178 as of December 31, 2023). 
As of March 31, 2024, the Company maintains guarantees abroad for international market operations for MCh$49 (MCh$44 as of December 31, 2023). 
The Company has a guarantee amounting to UF20,000 to comply with the provisions of Article 30 of Law 18,045, which aims to ensure the correct and 
full compliance with all its obligations as a securities broker and whose beneficiaries are the present or future creditors that it has or may have as a result 
of its brokerage operations. This guarantee corresponds to a policy contracted on August 19, 2023 (Nº330-23-000335632) valid until August 19, 2024, 
with Compañía de Seguros de Mapfre Garantía y Crédito, being the Santiago Stock Exchange (Bolsa de Comercio de Santiago, Bolsa de Valores) the 
representative of the possible beneficiary creditors, 
The Company maintains a guarantee amounting to UF10,000 to comply with the provisions of Article No. 12 and following and 99 and following of 
Law No. 20,712, which guarantees the faithful compliance with the obligations of BCI Corredor de Bolsa for the management of third-party funds and 
portfolio. This guarantee is effective from November 7, 2023 to November 7, 2024. 
Employee fidelity insurance or employee loyalty insurance 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A. has an insurance policy taken out with Southbridge Compañía de Seguros Generales S.A., which covers Banco Crédito e 
Inversiones and its subsidiaries from May 31, 2023 to November 30, 2025. For an amount of UF500,000. 
BCI Corredores de Seguros S.A. 
As of December 31, 2023, the Company has contracted the following insurance policies to comply with the provisions of letter d) of Article No. 58 of 
Decree with Force of Law No. 251 of 1931 to guarantee the correct and full compliance with all the obligations arising from its activity: 
Guarantee Policy for Insurance Brokers No. 6472155 for an insured amount of UF500 contracted with Compañía de Seguros Generales Consorcio 
Nacional de Seguros S.A., valid from April 15, 2024 to April 14, 2025, establishing the right of the insurance company to reimburse the broker for all 
amounts disbursed by the former to pay third-parties affected by the broker's deficient brokerage.  
 
Professional Civil Liability Policy for Insurance Brokers No. 6472161 for an insured amount of UF60,000, contracted with Compañía de Seguros 
Generales Consorcio Nacional de Seguros S.A., valid from April 15, 2024 to April 14, 2025, to protect the broker against possible claims by third parties, 
with the insurance company having the power to request the broker to reimburse the amount paid to the claiming third-party.  
BCI Factoring S.A. 
As of March 31, 2024 the Company has approved coverage lines for operators of the Factor Chain International in the amount of MCh$196 (ThCh$177 
as of December 31, 2023), of which MCh$0 have been used in 2024 (MCh$0 in 2023). 
 
BCI Corredores de Bolsa de Productos S.A. 
As of March 31, 2024, the Company has Surety Bond No.675251 taken with Banco de Crédito e Inversiones. For UF2,000. In favor of Bolsa de 
Productos SA., to guarantee compliance with the Company's obligations as a product broker in favor of its principals in compliance with article 11 of 
Law 19,220. The possibility of paying this bond is covered by a "credit line opening agreement to cover potential guarantee payments issued in Chilean 
pesos or foreign currency", which is in the possession of the financial institution and is valid up to April 17,  2025. 
As of March 31, 2024, the Company has Bond No.675252 taken with Banco de Crédito e Inversiones. For UF6,000. In favor of Bolsa de Productos SA. 
To guarantee compliance with all its obligations as a product broker in relation to operations invoiced to the Company. The possibility of paying this 
bond is covered by a "credit line opening agreement to cover potential guarantee payments issued in Chilean pesos or foreign currency", which is in the 
possession of the financial institution and is valid up to October 17, 2025. 
 
As of March 31, 2024, the Company has Bond No. 693799 taken with Banco de Crédito e Inversiones. For UF 2,000 in favor of Bolsa de Productos 
SA. To guarantee compliance with all its obligations as a contract broker to its customers in accordance with Article 8 of the Manual of operations with 
credits or loans, which is held by the financial institution and is valid up to September 15, 2025. 
F-80

--- Page 383 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 78 
 
BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos S.A. 
Guarantees established in articles 12, 13 and 14 of the Single Fund Law No.20,712. 
As of March 31, 2024, there are guarantee policies for all funds and portfolio management, amounting to MCh$79,343. 
Fund 
Type of Guarantee 
Amount 
Amount Issued 
 
 
MCh$ 
UF 
Fund 
Surety bonds in UF 
78,080 
2,104,960.08 
Portfolio Management 
Surety bonds in UF 
1,234 
33,280.00 
Other guarantees 
Surety bonds in Ch$ 
29 
500.00 
Total 
79,343 
2,138,740.08 
This is in conformity with the provisions of article 226 of Law No.18,045 of the Securities Market and NCG No.125 of 2001, which state that General 
Fund Administrators must permanently maintain a guarantee for each managed fund, which must always be equivalent to UF10,000 or 1% of the average 
equity of the corresponding calendar year prior to the date of its determination. 
Similarly, in order to comply with the requirements of Title IV of Circular 1790, mutual funds defined as collateralized structured funds must have at 
all times a guarantee granted by a third-party other than the management company. 
To ensure compliance with these regulations, BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos S.A. maintains Surety Bonds with the Bank. 
c) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the composition of the contingent receivables are as follows: 
March 31, 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Guarantees and finance 
 312,805  
 302,416  
Guarantees and finance in Chilean currency 
 -  
 -  
Guarantees and finance in foreign currency 
 312,805  
 302,416  
Letters of credit for merchandise circulation transactions 
 466,088  
 372,001  
Commitments to purchase debt in local currency abroad 
 -  
 -  
Transactions related to contingent events 
 2,988,623  
 3,017,031  
Transactions related to contingent events in Chilean currency 
 1,814,239  
 1,865,551  
Transactions related to contingent events in foreign currencies 
 1,174,384  
 1,151,480  
Undrawn lines of credit with immediate cancellation 
 3,764,555  
 3,638,891  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed in current account - commercial portfolio 
 -  
 -  
Available balance of credit line in credit card - commercial portfolio 
 -  
 -  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed in current account - consumer portfolio 
 8,852  
 8,024  
Available balance of line of credit on credit card - consumer portfolio 
 3,755,703  
 3,630,867  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed on current account - portfolio due from banks 
 -  
 -  
Unrestricted lines of credit 
 5,231,080  
 4,902,918  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed in current account - commercial portfolio 
 4,499,846  
 4,187,063  
Available balance of credit line in credit card - commercial portfolio 
 319,411  
 301,518  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed in current account - consumer portfolio 
 411,823  
 414,337  
Available balance of line of credit on credit card - consumer portfolio 
 -  
 -  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed on current account - portfolio due from banks 
 -  
 -  
Other credit commitments 
 888,152  
 970,533  
Loans for higher education studies Law No. 20,027 
 1,129  
 1,106  
Other irrevocable credit commitments 
 887,023  
 969,427  
Other contingent loans 
 -  
 -  
Total 
13,651,303 
 
13,203,790 
F-81

--- Page 384 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 79 
NOTE 30 – INTEREST INCOME AND EXPENSES 
a) The composition of interest income and expenses for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
  
  
  
As of March 31,  
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Interest income 
1,076,700 
952,636 
Interest expenses 
(610,271) 
(574,272) 
Total net interest income 
466,429 
378,364 
b) The detail of net interest income for the for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
 
As of March 31,  
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Interest income 
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
Rights for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
2,761 
2,869 
Debt financial instruments 
48,581 
15,473 
Debts held by banks 
11,238 
11,797 
Commercial loans 
592,347 
512,295 
Mortgage housing loans 
122,206 
78,250 
Consumer loans 
132,083 
142,372 
Other financial instruments 
24,640 
24,980 
Subtotal 
933,856 
788,036 
 
  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
 
  
Debt financial instruments 
104,945 
155,306 
Other financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
104,945 
155,306 
 
 
Gain (loss) from interest rate risk hedges 
 
 
Profit from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 114,931  
56,809 
Loss from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 (52,030) 
(47,645) 
Results from adjustment of hedged financial assets 
 (25,002) 
 130  
Subtotal 
 37,899  
9,294 
 
 
Total interest income 
1,076,700 
952,636 
 
  
Interest expenses 
 
  
 
  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost: 
 
  
Deposits and other obligations on demand 
 (125,555) 
(59,237) 
Deposits and other time deposits 
 (303,106) 
(350,167) 
Obligations for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 (12,871) 
(7,071) 
Bank borrowings 
 (58,523) 
(48,427) 
Debt financial instruments issued 
 (54,482) 
(47,947) 
Other financial obligations 
 (28,871) 
(16,459) 
Subtotal 
 (583,408) 
(529,308) 
 
 
Lease liabilities 
(446) 
(709) 
 
 
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
(13,132) 
(12,745) 
 
 
Gain (loss) from interest rate risk hedges 
 
 
Gain from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 26,381  
488,232 
Loss from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 (46,163) 
(514,778) 
Gain (loss) from adjustment of hedged financial liabilities 
 6,497  
(4,964) 
Subtotal 
 (13,285) 
(31,510) 
 
 
Total interest expense 
(610,271) 
(574,272) 
 
 
Net interest income 
466,429 
378,364 
c) The stock of interest income suspended for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
As of March 31,  
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Suspended interest income 
Debts held by banks 
 -  
-  
Commercial loans 
 3,388  
4,282 
Mortgage housing loans 
 3,341  
 5,318  
Consumer loans 
 103  
343 
Total 
 6,832  
9,943  
d) The stock of interest income received for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
As of March 31,  
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Interest received from impaired portfolio 
Debts held by banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 1,527  
 2,463  
Mortgage housing loans 
 3,990  
 3,040 
Consumer loans 
 655  
 2,343  
Total 
 6,172  
7,846  
F-82

--- Page 385 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 80 
NOTE 31 – INFLATION-INDEXATION INCOME AND EXPENSES 
a) The composition of inflation-indexation income and expenses for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
As of March 31,  
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Inflation-indexation income from 
189,431 
229,684 
Inflation-indexation expenses 
(72,563) 
(131,233) 
Total net inflation-indexation income 
116,868 
98,451 
b) The detail of net inflation-indexation income for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
As of March 31,  
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Inflation-indexation income 
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
Rights for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 -  
 -  
Debt financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
Debts held by banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 70,244  
 53,807  
Mortgage housing loans 
 85,810  
 130,614  
Consumer loans 
 64  
 224  
Other financial instruments 
 3,398  
 134  
Subtotal 
 159,516  
 184,779  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
Debt financial instruments 
 15,508  
 25,434  
Other financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 15,508  
 25,434  
 
Gain (loss) from interest rate risk hedges 
 
Gain from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 158,981  
 151,055  
Loss from financial derivative contracts for accounting coverage 
 (144,574) 
 (153,255) 
Results from adjustment of hedged financial assets 
 -  
 21,671  
Subtotal 
 14,407  
 19,471  
Total Inflation-indexation income 
189,431 
229,684 
 
Inflation-indexation expenses 
 
 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost: 
 
Deposits and other obligations on demand 
 (758) 
 (978) 
Deposits and other time deposits 
 (6,097) 
 (12,414) 
Obligations for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 (948) 
 534  
Bank borrowings 
 (1,323) 
 -  
Debt financial instruments issued 
 (41,802) 
 (66,734) 
Other financial obligations 
 (3,118) 
 (2,970) 
Subtotal 
 (54,046) 
 (82,562) 
Gain (loss) from interest rate risk hedges 
Gain from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 31,356  
 70,492  
Loss from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 (25,081) 
 (98,759) 
Gain (loss) from adjustment of hedged financial liabilities 
 (11,924) 
 (516) 
Subtotal 
 (5,649) 
 (28,783) 
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued: 
Subordinated bonds 
(12,868) 
 (19,888) 
Bonds without fixed maturity 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
(12,868) 
 (19,888) 
Total inflation-indexation expenses 
(72,563) 
 (131,233) 
Net inflation-indexation income 
116,868 
 98,451  
c) The detail of income from suspended inflation-indexation for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
As of March 31,  
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Income from suspended inflation-indexation 
Debts held by banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 592  
 2,754  
Mortgage housing loans 
 11,709  
 40,047  
Consumer loans 
 18  
 40  
Total 
 12,319  
 42,841  
d) The detail of income from inflation-indexation received for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
As of March 31,  
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Income from inflation-indexation received 
Debts held by banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 580  
 2,152  
Mortgage housing loans 
 5,478  
3,850 
Consumer loans 
 57  
 266  
Total 
 6,115  
 6,268  
F-83

--- Page 386 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 81 
NOTE 32 – FEE INCOME AND EXPENSES 
The composition of fee income and expenses for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
As of March 31,  
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fee income 
Loan prepayment fees 
 1,413  
 1,343  
Fes for loans with letters of credit 
 -  
 -  
Fees for lines of credit and checking account overdrafts 
 1,885  
 1,207  
Fees for guarantees and letters of credit 
 9,639  
 7,975  
Fees for card services 
 26,981  
 29,339  
Account management fees 
 16,998  
 15,637  
Fees for collections and payments 
 27,194  
 18,868  
Fees for securities brokerage and management (Stockbrokers and/or Securities Agency) 
 1,648  
 1,343  
Fees for administration of mutual funds. Investment funds or other 
 16,554  
 13,775  
Fees for brokerage and insurance advisory services 
 14,764  
 12,348  
Fees for factoring services 
 1,767  
 1,273  
Fees for finance lease transaction services 
 -  
 -  
Fees for securitizations 
 63  
 32  
Fees for financial advisory services 
 4,526  
 3,409  
Other fees earned 
 10,710  
 16,993  
Total fee income 
 134,142  
 123,542  
Fee expenses 
Fee for card operation 
 (12,915) 
 (14,595) 
License fees for the use of card brands 
 (1,721) 
 -  
Other fees for services linked to the credit card system and payment cards with provision 
of funds as a means of payment 
 -  
 -  
Expenses for obligations of loyalty programs and merits for card customers 
 (8,004) 
 (9,385) 
Fees for securities trading 
 (13,902) 
 (12,299) 
Other commissions for services received 
 (8,114) 
 (5,804) 
Total commission expenses 
 (44,656) 
 (42,083) 
Net fee income 
89,486 
 81,459  
 
F-84

--- Page 387 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 82 
 
NOTE 33 – NET FINANCE INCOME (EXPENSE) 
The composition of the net finance income (expense) for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows:  
As of March 31,  
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss: 
Financial derivative contracts 
 96,989  
 (61,483) 
Debt financial instruments 
 42,565  
 23,975  
Other financial instruments 
 (19,471) 
 (4,593) 
Equity instruments 
 (3,183) 
 12,821  
Loans granted and received by the entity 
 (76) 
 (180) 
Other 
 -  
-  
Subtotal 
 116,824  
 (29,460) 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial derivative contracts 
- 
- 
Other financial instruments 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 
Debt financial instruments 
 1  
-  
Other 
 (5,788) 
(6,341) 
Subtotal 
 (5,787) 
(6,341) 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
Debt financial instruments 
- 
- 
Other financial instruments 
- 
- 
Loans granted and received by the entity (debts held by banks, commercial loans, mortgage housing loans and consumer 
loans) 
- 
 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
Deposits, other obligations and deposits on demand and other loans 
- 
- 
Debt instruments issued 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
Financial result on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities at amortized cost and financial assets at fair value  
through other amortized cost and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income comprehensive income 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
 1,106  
20 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 4,589  
-  
Financial liabilities at amortized costs 
 -  
-  
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
 -  
-  
Subtotal 
 5,695  
20 
Financial income (expense) for changes, adjustments, and foreign currency hedge 
Gain (loss) from foreign currency translation 
(234,515) 
 218,357  
Gain (loss) from exchange rate adjustments 
 -
 - 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 -  
 (3,813) 
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
 
Debts held by banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 -  
 -  
Mortgage housing loans 
 -  
 -  
Consumer loans 
 -  
 -  
Other assets 
24,833 
 (9,935) 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
 -  
 -  
Net income (expense) from derivatives in foreign currency risk hedges 
103,713 
 (126,645) 
Subtotal 
(105,969) 
 77,964  
Financial income (loss) from reclassification of financial assets due to change in business model 
 
From financial assets at amortized cost to financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
From financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income to financial assets held for trading at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
Reclassifications of financial assets due to changes in business models 
 
From financial assets at amortized cost to financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
From financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income to financial assets held for trading at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
Other financial income (expense) from changes in financial assets and liabilities 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
 -  
 -  
Lease liabilities 
 -  
 -  
Issued regulatory capital financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
Other financial income (expense) from ineffective accounting hedges 
 
Income (expense) from ineffective cash flow hedges 
 -  
 -  
Income (expense) from ineffective hedges of net foreign investment 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
Other financial income (expense) from other hedges 
 
Hedges of other types of financial assets 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
Total net finance income (expense) 
10,763 
42,183 
F-85

--- Page 388 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 83 
NOTE 34 – INCOME FROM INVESTMENTS IN COMPANIES 
The income from investment in companies for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, are as follows: 
  
  
  
  
As of March 31, 
2024 
2023 
Profit/  
Loss 
Ownership 
Accrued 
income 
Profit/  
Loss 
Ownership 
Accrued 
income 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
Investments in associates 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Redbanc S.A. 
 483  
 12.71  
 61  
 1,738  
 12.71  
 56  
Combanc S.A. 
 42  
 13.30  
 6  
 686  
 13.30  
 18  
Transbank S.A. 
 (4,047) 
 8.72  
 (353) 
 13,574  
 8.72  
 266  
Servicio de Infraestructura de Mercado OTC S.A. 
 174  
 13.61  
 24  
 742  
 13.61  
 44  
AFT S.A. 
 509  
 20.00  
 102  
 2,570  
 20.00  
 130  
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
 789  
 33.33  
 263  
 3,197  
 33.33  
 316  
Sociedad Interbancaria de Depósitos de Valores S.A. 
 263  
 7.03  
 18  
 1,185  
 7.03  
 16  
Pago y Servicios S.A. 
 37  
 49.90  
 18  
 (968) 
 49.90  
 (136) 
  
 
 
 
  
  
Minority investments 
 
 
 
  
  
Shares of SWIFT 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Shares of BLADEX 
 -  
 -  
 135  
 -  
 -  
 54  
CNB shares (FHLB and FRB) 
 -  
 -  
 2,282  
 -  
 -  
 1,589  
Other actions 
 -  
 -  
-  
 -  
 -  
 -  
  
 
 
 
Investments in joint ventures 
 
 
 
Servipag Ltd. 
 917  
 50.00  
 458  
 2,389  
 50.00  
 310  
Artikos Chile S.A. 
 283  
 50.00  
 142  
 855  
 50.00  
 133  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
(550) 
 
3,156 
25,968 
 
2,796 
NOTE 35 – INCOME FROM NON-CURRENT ASSETS AND DISPOSAL GROUPS HELD FOR SALE NOT ADMISSIBLE AS 
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 
The composition of the income from non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale not admissible as discontinued operations for the periods ended 
March 31, 2024 and 2023 are as follows: 
 
As of March 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Net income for assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction: 
Other income from sale of assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction 
 485  
 603  
Other income from assets received in payment or foreclosed judicial auction 
 517  
 680  
Provisions for adjustments to the net realizable value of assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction 
 -  
 207  
Write-offs of assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction 
 (1,260) 
 (565) 
Expenses for maintenance of assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction 
 (481) 
 (238) 
Subtotal 
 (739) 
 687  
Non-current assets held for sale: 
 
Investments in companies 
 -  
 -  
Intangible assets 
 -  
 -  
Property and equipment 
 202  
 115  
Assets for recovery of assets under finance lease agreements 
 5,474  
 1,527  
Other assets 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 5,676  
 1,642  
 
Disposal group held for sale 
 -  
- 
Total 
4,937 
2,329 
F-86

--- Page 389 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 84 
NOTE 36 – OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES 
The composition of other operating income and expenses for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, are as follows: 
As of March 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Other operating income 
Payments from insurance companies for claims other than operational risk related events 
 -  
 -  
Net income from investment property 
 -  
 -  
Income from card brands issued (VISA, MC, etc.) 
 1,293  
 1,560  
Income from correspondent banks 
 -  
 -  
Income other than interest and fees from lease agreements 
 -  
 -  
Income from expense recovery 
 1,163  
 696  
CNB leasing platform revenue 
 6,876  
 -  
CNB BOLI revenue 
 3,565  
 2,579  
Consulting revenue 
 642  
 500  
Other income 
 680  
 3,299  
Total 
 14,219  
 8,634  
 
Other operating expenses 
 
Insurance premium expense to cover operational risk events 
 (40) 
 (64) 
Gross loss expense from operational risk events 
 (4,484) 
 (2,665) 
Recovery of expenses for operational risk events 
 1,192  
 912  
Expense for provision for unearned insurance brokerage fees 
 -  
 -  
Expense for provision for unearned insurance premium collection fees 
 -  
 -  
Provisions for restructuring plans 
 -  
 -  
Provisions for lawsuits and litigation 
 (22) 
 (2,607) 
Other provisions for other contingencies 
 6,418  
 10,154  
Expenses for finance lease credit transactions 
 -  
 -  
Expenses for factoring credit transactions 
 -  
 -  
Expenses for administration, maintenance, and support of ATMs 
 -  
 -  
Expenses for adoption of new technologies in cards 
(190)  
 -  
Other operating expenses 
(7,797) 
(5,001) 
Total 
(4,923) 
 729  
 
F-87

--- Page 390 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 85 
 
NOTE 37 – EXPENSES FOR EMPLOYEE BENEFITS OBLIGATIONS  
The composition of expenses for employee benefit obligations for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, are as follows: 
As of March 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Short-term employee benefits 
Remuneration 
 (92,573) 
 (83,863) 
Incentives (performance bonuses) 
 (32,915) 
 (29,102) 
Legal bonus 
 (15,908) 
 (14,738) 
Other 
 (23,714) 
 (22,642) 
Subtotal 
 (165,110) 
 (150,345) 
Post-employment benefits 
Post-employment employee benefits 
 -  
- 
Subtotal 
 -  
- 
Long-term employee benefits 
Remuneration 
 -  
- 
Incentives (performance bonuses) 
 -  
- 
Other 
 -  
- 
Subtotal 
 -  
- 
Termination benefits 
Severance indemnity 
(3,167) 
(3,362) 
Other 
 -  
- 
Subtotal 
(3,167) 
(3,362) 
Share-based or equity-based payment transactions 
Equity-settled share-based payment transactions 
 -  
- 
Cash-settled share-based payment transactions 
 -  
- 
Subtotal 
 -  
- 
Expenses for defined contribution post-employment plans 
 -  
- 
Expenses for defined benefit post-employment plans 
 -  
- 
Expenses for other personnel obligations with 
 -  
- 
Other personnel expenses 
(4,252) 
(3,915) 
Subtotal 
(4,252) 
(3,915) 
Total 
(172,529) 
(157,622) 
NOTE 38 – ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 
The composition of administrative expenses for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, are as follows: 
As of March 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Administrative expenses 
 (72,887) 
 (59,993) 
Expenses for short-term leases 
 -  
 -  
Expenses for leases of low-value assets 
 -  
 (10,201) 
Other expenses for lease liabilities 
 (2,374) 
 -  
Maintenance and repair of property and equipment 
 (4,123) 
 (3,517) 
Insurance premiums except for those intended to cover operational risk events 
 (12,156) 
 (4,159) 
Office supplies 
 (777) 
 (689) 
IT and communications expenses 
 (30,477) 
 (18,947) 
Lighting, heating, and other services 
 (2,197) 
 (2,200) 
Surveillance services and transportation of securities 
 (3,358) 
 (3,638) 
Staff representation and travel expenses 
 (1,669) 
 (1,625) 
Legal and notary expenses 
 (3,794) 
 (517) 
Fees for review and audit of the financial statements by the external auditor 
 (1,692) 
 (1,367) 
Fees for advisory and consulting services by the external auditor 
 -  
 -  
Fees for advisory and consulting services by other auditing companies 
 -  
 -  
Title classification fees 
 -  
 -  
Fees for other technical reports 
 (1,536) 
 (5,635) 
Fines by the CMF 
 -  
 -  
Fines by other agencies 
 (15) 
 (12) 
Other general administrative expenses 
 (8,719) 
 (7,486) 
Outsourced services 
 (19,146) 
 (18,144) 
Board Expenses 
 (2,183) 
 (1,928) 
Board Remuneration 
 (1,952) 
 (1,789) 
Other expenses of the Board of Directors 
 (231) 
 (139) 
Advertising 
 (11,409) 
 (12,471) 
Taxes, property taxes and other legal charges 
 (14,122) 
 (11,561) 
Property taxes 
 (1,166) 
 (1,015) 
Municipal patents 
 (717) 
 (697) 
Other taxes other than income tax 
 (6,866) 
 (4,685) 
Control contributions to the regulator 
 (5,360) 
 (5,164) 
Other legal fees 
 (13) 
 -  
Total 
 (119,747) 
 (104,097) 
 
F-88

--- Page 391 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 86 
NOTE 39 – DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION 
The amounts corresponding to charges to results for depreciation and amortization for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, are as follows: 
As of March 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Amortization of intangible assets 
(16,301) 
(16,419) 
Depreciation of property and equipment 
(5,804) 
(5,717) 
Depreciation and amortization of right-of-use assets under lease agreements 
(6,300) 
(5,718) 
Total 
(28,405) 
(27,854) 
NOTE 40 – IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS 
The impairment of non-financial assets for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
 
 As of March 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Impairment of investments in companies 
 -  
 -  
Impairment of intangible assets (*) 
 -  
 -  
Impairment of property and equipment 
 -  
 -  
Impairment of right-of-use assets under lease agreements 
 -  
 -  
Impairment of other assets for investment property 
 -  
 -  
Impairment of assets from revenue 
 -  
 -  
Gain from an acquisition through a business combination in a bargain condition 
 -  
 -  
Total 
 -  
 -  
 
NOTE 41 – EXPENSES FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
a) The summary of the expense for credit losses for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
As of March 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Expense for provisions for credit loss of loans 
(162,958) 
(140,831) 
Expense for special provisions for credit loss 
16,401 
861 
Recovery of written-off loans 
23,944 
19,424 
Impairment due to credit risk of other financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss 
3,681 
(8,287) 
Total 
(118,932) 
(128,833) 
b) The summary of credit risk allowance expense and credit loss expense for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
 
 
As of March 31, 2024 
Expense for provisions recorded for loans during the year 
Normal Portfolio 
Substandard Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE Covid- 
19(i) 
Total 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual/group 
Individual 
Individual/group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Provisions used 
(17) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
(17) 
 -  
(17) 
Subtotal 
(17) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
(17) 
 -  
(17) 
Commercial loans 
Provisions recorded 
 24,041  
 -  
 11,134  
 15,258  
 21,088  
 71,521  
 -  
 71,521  
Provisions used 
 -  
 (871) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (871) 
 (735) 
 (1,606) 
Subtotal 
 24,041  
 (871) 
 11,134  
 15,258  
 21,088  
 70,650  
 (735) 
 69,915  
Mortgage loans 
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 371  
 -  
 -  
 5,648  
 6,019  
 -  
 6,019  
Provisions used 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 371  
 -  
 -  
 5,648  
 6,019  
 -  
 6,019  
Consumer loans 
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 5,183  
 -  
 -  
 81,858  
 87,041  
 -  
 87,041  
Provisions used 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 5,183  
 -  
 -  
 81,858  
 87,041  
 -  
 87,041  
Expense of provisions recorded for 
loan credit risk: (A) 
 24,024  
 4,683  
 11,134  
 15,258  
 108,594  
 163,693  
 (735) 
 162,958  
Recovery of written-off loans: (B) (ii) 
Loans and advances to banks 
 -  
Commercial loans 
 7,758  
Mortgage loans 
 1,296  
Consumer Loans 
 14,890  
Subtotal 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
23,944 
Expense for loan losses: (AB) (ii) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
139,014 
F-89

--- Page 392 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 87 
As of March 31, 2023  
Expense for provisions recorded for loans during the year 
Normal Portfolio 
Substandard Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE Covid- 
19(i) 
Total 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual/group 
Individual 
Individual/group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Provisions used 
 (222)  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (222)  
 -  
 (222)  
Subtotal 
 (222)  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (222)  
 -  
 (222)  
Commercial loans 
Provisions recorded 
 4,433  
 -  
 3,101  
 6,345  
 19,400  
 33,279  
 -  
 33,279  
Provisions used 
 -  
 (903) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (903) 
 (8,153) 
 (9,056) 
Subtotal 
 4,433  
 (903) 
 3,101  
 6,345  
 19,400  
 32,376  
 (8,153) 
 24,223  
Mortgage loans 
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 1,600  
 -  
 -  
 6,201  
 7,801  
 -  
 7,801  
Provisions used 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 1,600  
 -  
 -  
 6,201  
 7,801  
 -  
 7,801  
Consumer loans 
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 112,796  
 112,796  
 -  
 112,796  
Provisions used 
 -  
 (3,767) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (3,767) 
 -  
 (3,767) 
Subtotal 
 -  
 (3,767) 
 -  
 -  
 112,796  
 109,029  
 -  
 109,029  
Expense of provisions recorded for 
loan credit risk: (A) 
4,211  
(3,070) 
3,101  
6,345  
138,397  
148,984  
(8,153) 
140,831  
Recovery of written-off loans: (B) (ii) 
Loans and advances to banks 
 -  
Commercial loans 
6,059 
Mortgage loans 
1,130 
Consumer Loans 
12,235 
Subtotal 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
19,424 
Expense for loan losses: (AB) (ii) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
121,407 
c) The summary of the expense for special provisions for credit risk for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, is as follows: 
As of March 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Expense of provisions for credit loss for contingent loans 
 (2,878) 
 1,096  
Loans and advances to banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 (3,043) 
 330  
Consumer Loans 
 165  
 766  
Expense of provisions for country risk for operations with debtors domiciled abroad 
 (796) 
 (513) 
Expense of special provisions for loans abroad 
 -  
 -  
Expense of additional provisions for loans 
 12,313  
 (1,988) 
Additional provisions for commercial loans 
 12,313  
 (1,988) 
Additional provisions for mortgage loans 
 -  
 -  
Additional provisions for consumer loans 
 -  
 -  
Expense of provisions for adjustments to the minimum provision required for normal portfolio with 
individual evaluation 
 7,762  
 2,266  
Expense of provisions constituted for credit risk as a result of complementary prudential requirements 
 -  
 -  
Total 
 16,401  
 861  
NOTE 42 – PROFIT OR LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
The Bank has no results from discontinued operations for the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023.  
 
F-90

--- Page 393 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 88 
NOTE 43 – RELATED PARTIES DISCLOSURES 
a) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the assets and liabilities for transactions with related parties are as follows: 
As of March 31, 2024 
Related Party Type 
Parent entity (i) 
Other legal entity (ii) 
Key personnel 
of the 
Consolidated 
Bank (iii) 
Other related 
parties (iv) 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
Financial assets to be traded at fair value through profit or loss: 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 5  
 5  
Financial derivative contracts 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 5  
 5  
Debt financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets not held for trading compulsorily valued at fair 
value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 31  
 31  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting coverage 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
 -  
 9,498  
 4,627  
 299,154  
 313,279  
Rights for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 514  
 514  
Debt financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Loans and accounts receivable from customers - Commercial 
 -  
 9,519  
 796  
 219,516  
 229,831  
Loans and accounts receivable from customers - Mortgage 
 -  
 -  
 3,497  
 71,990  
 75,487  
Loans and accounts receivable from customers - Consumer 
 -  
 -  
 338  
 9,480  
 9,818  
Provisions made for credit risk 
 -  
(21)  
(4)  
 (2,346)  
 (2,371)  
Other assets 
 -  
 1,221  
 47  
 18,022  
 19,290  
Contingent loans 
 30  
 83,188  
 1,430  
 68,188  
 152,836  
LIABILITIES 
Financial liabilities to be traded at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial derivative contracts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting coverage 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost: 
 8  
 36,268  
 8,283  
 264,906  
 309,465  
Deposits and other on-demand deposits 
 8  
 18,524  
 549  
 75,403  
 94,484  
Deposits and other term deposits 
 -  
 17,744  
 7,734  
 188,950  
 214,428  
Obligations for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 518  
 518  
Bank borrowings 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Debt financial instruments issued 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 35  
 35  
Other financial obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Lease liabilities 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other liabilities 
 -  
 236  
 110  
 4,161  
 4,507  
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Related Party Type 
Parent entity (i) 
Other legal entity (ii) 
Key personnel 
of the 
Consolidated 
Bank (iii) 
Other related 
parties (iv) 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss: 
                     -  
                     -  
 88  
 312  
 400  
Financial derivative contracts 
                      -  
                      -  
 88  
 312  
 400  
Debt financial instruments 
                      -  
                      -  
                      -  
                      -  
                      -  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
                     -  
                     -  
                     -  
                     -  
                     -  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
                     -  
                     -  
                     -  
   39  
39  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
                     -  
                     -  
                     -  
                     -  
                     -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
                      -  
                      -  
                      -  
                      -  
                      -  
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
 1  
 9,415  
 4,631  
 297,950  
 311,997  
Rights for reverse repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 318  
 318  
Debt financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Loans and receivables from customers - Commercial 
 1  
 9,436  
 817  
 219,293  
 229,547  
Loans and receivables from customers - Mortgage 
 -  
 -  
 3,516  
 71,391  
 74,907  
Loans and receivables from customers - Consumer 
 -  
 -  
 302  
 9,092  
 9,394  
Provisions for credit loss 
 -  
 (21)  
 (4)  
 (2,144)  
 (2,169)  
Other assets 
 37  
 6,546  
 -  
 7,271  
 13,854  
Contingent loans 
 26  
 83,141  
 1,392  
 65,244  
 149,803  
LIABILITIES 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or 
loss 
 -  
 -  
 88  
 310  
 398  
Financial derivative contracts 
 -  
 -  
 88  
 310  
 398  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost: 
 8  
 40,709  
 7,571  
 298,131  
 346,419  
Deposits and other on-demand deposits 
 8  
 32,611  
 1,098  
 86,994  
 120,711  
Deposits and other term deposits 
 -  
 8,098  
 6,473  
 180,019  
 194,590  
Obligations for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 318  
 318  
Bank borrowings 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Debt financial instruments issued 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 30,800  
 30,800  
Other financial obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Lease liabilities 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other liabilities 
 -  
 1,536  
 7  
 16,989  
 18,532  
 
F-91

--- Page 394 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 89 
b) As of March 31, 2024 and 2023, the income and expenses from related party transactions, is as follows: 
As of March 31, 2024 
Related Party Type 
Parent entity (i) 
Other legal entity (ii) 
Key personnel of the 
Consolidated Bank (iii) 
Other related parties 
(iv) 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Interest income 
 -  
 1,372  
 137  
 17,151  
 18,660  
Inflation-indexation income 
 -  
 5  
 219  
 4,991  
 5,215  
Fee income 
 304  
 7,694  
 144  
 58,905  
 67,047  
Net financial result 
 -  
 171,569  
 -  
 6,500  
 178,069  
Other income 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 19  
 19  
Total income 
 304  
 180,640  
 500  
 87,566  
 269,010  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest expense 
 -  
(1,780) 
 (678)  
 (11,706)  
 (14,164)  
Inflation-indexation expense 
 -  
 (129)  
 (36)  
 (201)  
 (366)  
Commission expense 
 -  
 (359)  
(1)  
 (249)  
 (609)  
Credit loss expense 
 -  
 (61)  
 2  
 (1,146)  
 (1,205)  
Expenses for employee benefit obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Administrative expenses 
 -  
 2,369  
 -  
 13,417  
 15,786  
Other expenses 
 (1)  
 (66)  
 (19)  
 (519)  
(605)  
Total expenses 
 (1)  
 (26)  
(732)  
 (404)  
 (1,163)  
As of March 31, 2023 
Related Party Type 
Parent entity (i) 
Other legal entity (ii) 
Key personnel of the 
Consolidated Bank (iii) 
Other related parties 
(iv) 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Interest income 
 -  
 259  
 33  
 3,727  
 4,019  
Inflation-indexation income 
 -  
 3  
 64  
 1,378  
 1,445  
Fee income 
 22  
 2,056  
 34  
 11,370  
 13,482  
Net financial result 
 -  
 (16,984) 
 -  
 (14,035) 
 (31,019) 
Other income 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 18  
 18  
Total income 
 22  
 (14,666) 
 131  
 2,458  
 (12,055) 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest expense 
 -  
 (686) 
 (149) 
 (3,600) 
 (4,435) 
Inflation-indexation expense 
 -  
 (65) 
 (15) 
 (45) 
 (125) 
Commission expense 
 -  
 (5) 
 -  
 (49) 
 (54) 
Credit loss expense 
 -  
 -  
 1  
 (131) 
 (130) 
Expenses for employee benefit obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Administrative expenses 
 -  
 (573) 
 -  
 (3,154) 
 (3,727) 
Other expenses 
 -  
 (9) 
 (5) 
 (316) 
 (330) 
Total expenses 
 -  
 (1,338) 
 (168) 
 (7,295) 
 (8,801) 
c) As of March 31, 2024 and 2023, related-party transactions in the period are as follows: 
 
As of March 31, 2024 
 
 
 
Business name 
Nature of the 
relationship 
with the 
bank 
Description of the transaction 
Transactions 
under equivalence 
conditions to those 
transactions with 
mutual 
independence 
between the parties 
Amount 
Effect on the 
Statement of Income 
Effect on the Statement 
of Financial Position 
Income 
Expense 
Accounts 
receivable  
Accounts 
receivable  
Type of service 
Term 
Renewal Conditions 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Collection service and 
use of channels, 
suitcase 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
584 
584 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
brand use 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
417 
417 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Use of channels 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
139 
139 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Financial Bond 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
8,421 
- 
23 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Bank charges 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
74 
63 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Commissions for 
collection Servicios 
Financieros y 
Administración de 
Créditos Comerciales 
S.A. 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
1,201 
952 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Brokerage commissions 
BCI CCSS 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
2,987 
2,987 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Brand use 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
417 
417 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Use of channels 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
139 
139 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Marketing 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
332 
- 
332 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Commissions use of 
Channel 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
557 
468 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Forwards  
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
447 
447 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Financial Bond 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
18,970 
- 
299 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Subordinated bond 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
305 
- 
6 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Insurance 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
311 
- 
294 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Brokerage commissions 
SSFF Corredores de 
Seguros y Gestión 
Financiera Ltda. 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
506 
428 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Brokerage commissions 
BCI CCSS 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
8,924 
8,924 
- 
- 
- 
Artikos Chile S.A. 
Joint venture 
Procurement service 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 1 year 
Yes 
321 
- 
321 
- 
- 
Boston Consulting Group 
Other 
Strategic consulting 
Defined 
Defined 
Yes 
144 
- 
144 
- 
- 
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
Other 
Electronic banking 
transactions 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 1 year. 
Yes 
127 
- 
127 
- 
- 
Combanc S.A. 
associate 
Compensation and high 
value payments 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
117 
- 
117 
- 
- 
Comder Contraparte Central S.A. 
associate 
bank processing 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
388 
- 
388 
- 
- 
Demos una Oportunidad al Menor 
Other 
Corporation 
Defined 
52 months (4 years and 4 months) 
Yes 
300 
- 
300 
- 
- 
Depósitos Central de Valores S.A. 
Other 
Custody of financial 
instruments 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
144 
- 
144 
- 
- 
Jordan (Chile) S.A. 
common 
controller 
Printing of forms 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 1 year. 
Yes 
752 
- 
752 
- 
- 
Redbank S.A. 
associate 
ATM operation 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 3 years. 
Yes 
1,880 
- 
1,880 
- 
- 
F-92

--- Page 395 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 90 
As of March 31, 2024 
 
 
 
Business name 
Nature of the 
relationship 
with the 
bank 
Description of the transaction 
Transactions 
under equivalence 
conditions to those 
transactions with 
mutual 
independence 
between the parties 
Amount 
Effect on the 
Statement of Income 
Effect on the Statement 
of Financial Position 
Income 
Expense 
Accounts 
receivable  
Accounts 
receivable  
Type of service 
Term 
Renewal Conditions 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Servipag Ltda. 
Joint venture 
Collection and payment 
of services 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
244 
- 
244 
- 
- 
FUNDACION ENSEÑA CHILE 
Other 
FUNDACION 
ENSEÑA CHILE 
Defined 
2 years  
Yes  
179 
- 
179 
- 
- 
 
Transbank S.A. 
 
Other 
Administration of credit 
cards and income from 
the use of credit cards 
 
Undefined 
 
Automatic renewal every 2 years. 
 
Yes 
493 
161 
333 
- 
- 
 
As of March 31, 2023 
 
 
 
Business name 
 
Nature of the 
relationship 
with the 
bank 
 
Description of the transaction 
Transactions under 
equivalence conditions 
to those transactions 
with mutual 
independence 
between the parties 
 
Amount 
Effect on the 
Statement of Income 
Effect on the Statement 
of Financial Position 
Income 
Expense 
Accounts 
receivable  
Accounts 
receivable  
 
Type of service 
 
Term 
 
Renewal Conditions 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Collection service and use 
of channels, pouch, etc. 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
603 
603 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Brand use 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
400 
400 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Use of channels 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
133 
133 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Subordinated bond 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
447 
- 
13 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Financial Bond 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
8,188 
- 
119 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Forward transaction 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
111 
- 
111 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Fees for collection 
Financial Services and 
Commercial Credit 
Administration S.A. 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
744 
601 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Brokerage commissions 
BCI CCSS 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
2,302 
2,302 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Brand usage 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
400 
400 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Channel usage 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
133 
133 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Marketing 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
159 
159 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Commissions Channel 
Usage 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
164 
138 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Forward Transaction 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
347 
- 
347 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Time Deposits 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
13,586 
220 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Financial Bond 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
5,684 
- 
94 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Insurance contracted 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
535 
- 
456 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Brokerage commissions 
SSFF Corredores de 
Seguros y Gestión 
Financiera Ltda. 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
606 
510 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Brokerage commissions 
BCI CCSS 
Annual 
Annual Contracting 
Yes 
7,536 
7,536 
- 
- 
- 
Zenit Seguros Generales S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Investments at fair value, 
Financial bond 
Annual 
Not applicable 
No 
1,549 
- 
36 
- 
- 
Zenit Seguros Generales S.A. 
Common 
parent 
Investments at fair value, 
Fixed term deposits 
Annual 
Not applicable 
No 
718 
- 
10 
- 
- 
Artikos Chile S.A. 
Joint venture 
Procurement service 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 1 year 
Yes 
342 
- 
342 
- 
- 
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
Other 
Electronic banking 
transactions 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 1 year 
Yes 
481 
- 
481 
- 
- 
Combanc S.A. 
Affiliate 
High-value payments and 
clearing 
Undefined Automatic renewal  
Yes 
142 
- 
142 
- 
- 
Comder Contraparte Central S.A. 
Affiliate 
Bank processing 
Undefined Automatic renewal  
Yes 
538 
- 
538 
- 
- 
Demos una Oportunidad al Menor 
Other 
Corporation 
Defined 
52 Meses (4 years and 4 
months) 
Yes 
258 
- 
258 
- 
- 
Depósitos Central de Valores S.A. 
Other 
Custody of financial 
instruments 
Undefined Automatic renewal  
Yes 
165 
- 
165 
- 
- 
Jordan ( Chile ) S.A. 
Common 
controller 
Printing of forms 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 1 year 
Yes 
664 
- 
664 
- 
- 
Redbanc S.A. 
Affiliate 
ATM operation 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 3 
years 
Yes 
2,173 
- 
2,173 
- 
- 
Servipag Ltda. 
Joint venture 
Collection and payment of 
services 
Undefined Automatic renewal 
Yes 
1,070 
- 
1,070 
- 
- 
Transbank S.A. 
Other 
Credit card administration 
and income from credit 
card use 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 2 
years 
Yes 
771 
205 
566 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
F-93

--- Page 396 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 91 
d) As of March 31, 2024 and 2023, the compensation of the key personnel of the Bank and its subsidiaries is as follows: 
As of March 31, 
2024 
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Directors: 
Payment of salaries and expenses of the Board of Directors - Bank and Bank Subsidiaries 
1,952 
 1,789  
Key personnel of the Management of the Bank and its Subsidiaries: 
 
   
Payment for short-term term employee benefits 
20,231 
 18,132  
Payment for benefits to post-employment employees 
 -  
 -  
Payment for benefits to long-term employees 
 -  
 -  
Payment for benefits to employees for termination of employment contract 
 -  
 -  
Payment to employees based on shares or equity instruments 
 -  
 -  
Payment for obligations for defined contribution post-employment plans 
 -  
 -  
Payment for obligations for post-employment defined benefit plans 
 -  
 -  
Payment for other staff obligations 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal - Payments for employee benefit obligations: 
20,231 
 18,132  
TOTAL 
22,183 
19,921 
 
e) As of March 31, 2024 and 2023, the Bank presents Number of key management personnel members of the Bank and its Subsidiaries: 
 
As of March 31, 
2024 
2023 
Number of Executives 
Directors: 
Directors - Bank and Bank Subsidiaries 
 89  
 89  
Key personnel of the Management of the Bank and its Subsidiaries: 
General Manager - Bank 
 1  
 1  
General managers - Bank subsidiaries 
 16  
 16  
Division/Area Managers - Bank 
 11  
 11  
Division/Area Managers - Bank Subsidiaries 
 64  
47 
Subtotal 
 92 
 75  
TOTAL 
 181  
164  
F-94

--- Page 397 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 92 
NOTE 44 – FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
Assets and liabilities at fair value 
The following table summarizes the carrying amounts and fair values of the main financial assets and liabilities not presented in the Interim Consolidated 
Financial Statements at their fair values as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
As of March 31, 
As of December 31, 
2024 
2023 
Carrying 
amount 
Fair Values 
Carrying 
amount 
Fair Values 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
Cash and bank deposits 
4,386,690 
4,386,690 
3,619,715 
3,619,715 
Transactions in course of collection 
613,917 
613,917 
475,440 
475,440 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
8,464,562 
8,464,562 
7,088,697 
7,088,697 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
60,212 
60,212 
58,963 
58,963 
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
8,832,713 
8,832,713 
8,991,137 
8,991,137 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
2,172,154 
2,172,154 
1,999,433 
1,999,433 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
58,078,730 
62,689,384 
53,769,837 
58,083,376 
Total assets 
82,608,978 
87,219,632 
76,003,222 
80,316,761 
LIABILITIES 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
569,499 
569,499 
429,959 
429,959 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
6,992,853 
6,992,853 
5,625,481 
5,625,481 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
2,555,274 
2,555,274 
2,535,841 
2,535,841 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
64,369,814 
65,023,973 
59,937,499 
63,899,190 
Total liabilities 
74,487,440 
75,141,599 
68,528,780 
72,490,471 
The fair value estimates presented above do not attempt to estimate the value of the Bank's earnings, generated by its business, or future activities, and 
therefore, do not represent the value of the Bank as a going concern. Loans are shown net of provisions. 
The methods used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments are detailed below. 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
This account includes Loans and receivables from customers and repurchase agreements. 
Loans and receivables from customers are shown net of their provision for credit or impairment risk, the estimated fair value of loans represents the 
discounted amount of future cash flows expected to be received. 
Cash flows are discounted at the base market interest rate; in this case, we use an interbank rate, considering the relevant term and currency.  
The criteria used for the incorporation of credit risk of the assets considered for these purposes are: 
1. From the expected loss estimation models. It is possible to infer about the credit quality of the portfolio (at least in qualitative terms). For the 
residual term of the operations that make up the asset accounts considered (commercial loans, mortgage loans for housing and consumer loans). 
2. In quantitative terms. The provision percentage assigned to an operation is an approximation variable to the credit profile of said operation. 
3. The amount resulting from applying the 'provisions/total loans' factor to the present value of the respective loans is an approximation of the 
adjustment for credit risk. 
Liabilities at amortized cost 
In this section we include on-demand and term deposits, bank borrowings and debt instruments issued. 
The estimated fair value of on demand accounts and deposits, that is, without an established term. Including those accounts that do not accrue interest, 
is the amount to be paid when the client demands it. Therefore, the amortized cost of these deposits is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. 
The fair value of term deposits has been estimated based on discounted future cash flows based on interest rate structures adjusted from transactions 
observed at the measurement date. 
The fair value of liabilities with financial institutions has been determined using discounted cash flow models, based on the relevant interest rate curve for 
the remaining term of the instrument until maturity. 
The fair value of these liabilities has been determined using discounted cash flow models, based on the relevant interest rate curve for the remaining term 
of the instrument until maturity. 
Financial assets and liabilities held for trading through profit or loss 
The fair value of financial assets and liabilities (fixed income instruments classified as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. 
In addition to Derivative instruments) is estimated using the valuation techniques detailed in the following letters. 
Financial instruments measured at fair value 
Please refer to Note 2, letter j) for further details on the criteria used to determine fair value. 
 
F-95

--- Page 398 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 93 
 
Hierarchy used to determine fair value 
The regulations distinguish between different hierarchies of inputs used for valuation techniques, discriminating between “observable” or 
“unobservable” inputs. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, and unobservable inputs reflect the assumptions of 
the Bank and subsidiaries in relation to market behavior. From these two types of inputs, the following hierarchy has been created: 
Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities to those being measured. This level includes debt instruments, 
whether they are fixed or variable income, equity instruments and derivative financial instruments traded on local or international stock markets. 
Level 2 – Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable inputs directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from 
prices) for assets and liabilities. This category includes prices that require interpolation within a price structure, such as derivative instruments. The same 
occurs with bonds valued with some valuation technique such as interpolation or matrix pricing, based on inputs that are observable. 
Level 3 – Inputs that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). This level includes equity and debt instruments that have significant 
unobservable inputs. 
This hierarchy requires that when there are observable market data, they are used. The Bank and subsidiaries consider observable relevant market data 
in their valuations whenever possible. 
Non-recurring assets and liabilities are presented below according to the hierarchy to determine the fair value as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
As of March 31, 2024 
 
Total 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
62,689,384 
 -  
62,689,384 
 -  
Total 
62,689,384 
 -  
62,689,384 
 -  
 
Liabilities 
Financial liability at amortized cost 
65,023,973 
 -  
65,023,973 
 -  
Total 
65,023,973 
 -  
65,023,973 
 -  
As of December 31, 2023 
 
Total 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
58,083,376 
 -  
58,083,376 
 -  
Total 
58,083,376 
 -  
58,083,376 
 -  
 
Liabilities 
Financial liability at amortized cost 
63,899,190 
 -  
63,899,190 
 -  
Total 
63,899,190 
 -  
63,899,190 
 -  
The Bank and Subsidiaries have not made transfers of financial assets or liabilities between levels 1, 2 and 3 as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 
2023. 
 
As of March 31, 2024 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
FINANCIAL ASSETS 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss: 
 1,136,419  
 7,328,132  
 11  
 8,464,562  
Financial derivative contracts 
 -  
 7,328,132  
 11  
 7,328,143  
Debt instruments 
 1,065,764  
 -  
 -  
 1,065,764  
Other Financial Instruments 
 70,655  
 -  
 -  
 70,655  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 60,212  
 60,212  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
 8,726,634  
 -  
 106,079  
 8,832,713  
Debt financial instruments 
 8,726,634  
 -  
 106,079  
 8,832,713  
Other Financial Instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 -  
 2,172,154  
 -  
 2,172,154  
Total financial assets 
 9,863,053  
 9,500,286  
 166,302  
 19,529,641  
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 6,992,853  
 -  
 6,992,853  
Financial derivative contracts 
 -  
 6,992,853  
 -  
 6,992,853  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for hedging 
 -  
 2,555,274  
 -  
 2,555,274  
Total financial liabilities 
 -  
 9,548,127  
 -  
 9,548,127  
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
FINANCIAL ASSETS 
 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss: 
 1,087,760  
 6,000,876  
 61  
 7,088,697  
Financial derivative contracts 
 -  
 6,000,876  
 61  
 6,000,937  
Debt instruments 
 974,506  
 -  
 -  
 974,506  
Other Financial Instruments 
 113,254  
 -  
 -  
 113,254  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 58,963  
 58,963  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
 8,896,697  
 -  
 94,440  
 8,991,137  
Debt financial instruments 
 8,896,697  
 -  
 94,440  
 8,991,137  
Other Financial Instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 -  
 1,999,433  
 -  
 1,999,433  
Total financial assets 
 9,984,457  
 8,000,309  
 153,464  
 18,138,230  
 
 
 
 
 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 5,625,481  
 -  
 5,625,481  
Financial derivative contracts 
 -  
 5,625,481  
 -  
 5,625,481  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for hedging 
 -  
 2,535,841  
 -  
 2,535,841  
Total financial liabilities 
 -  
 8,161,322  
 -  
 8,161,322  
F-96

--- Page 399 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 94 
a) Valuation of “La Polar” Bonds 
As of March 31, 2024 and 2023, the Bank has applied valuation techniques to determine the fair value of the financial instruments “BLAPO-F” and 
“BLAPO- G”. Such valuation is based on the IRR of the last existing market transaction between the closing date of the Interim Consolidated Financial 
Statements and the exchange date of said financial instrument. 
b) Level 3 Reconciliation 
Value changes in level 3 financial assets as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are explained by the following reconciliation table: 
As of March 31, 2023 
 
Reconciliation level 3 
 
Opening balance 
Gain (loss) 
recognized in profit 
or loss 
Gain (loss) 
recognized in 
Equity 
Net of purchase, 
sales, and 
agreements 
 
Transfers from  
level 1 and 2 
 
Closing balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets 
Derivative Contracts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Forwards 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Swaps 
 61  
 (50) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
11 
Call Options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put Options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value  
 58,963  
1,249 
- 
- 
- 
60,212 
Financial assets at fair value  
 94,440  
 11,639  
- 
- 
- 
106,079 
Total 
 153,464  
12,838 
- 
 -  
 -  
166,302 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Derivative Contracts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Call Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Put Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
As of December31, 2023 
 
Reconciliation level 3 
 
Opening balance 
Gain (loss) 
recognized in 
profit or loss 
Gain (loss) 
recognized in 
Equity 
Net of purchase, 
sales, and 
agreements 
 
Transfers from 
level 1 and 2 
 
Closing balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets 
Derivative Contracts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Swaps 
303 
(242) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
61 
Call Options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put Options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value  
71,282 
(12,319) 
- 
- 
- 
58,963 
Financial assets at fair value  
83,443 
- 
10,997 
- 
- 
94,440 
Total 
155,028 
(12,561) 
 10,997  
 -  
 -  
153,464 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Derivative Contracts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Call Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Put Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
F-97

--- Page 400 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 95 
NOTE 45 – MATURITY OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AS PER THEIR REMAINING TERMS 
a) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the new contractual maturities according to remaining terms of financial assets and liabilities, 
are as follows: 
As of March 31, 2024 
 
On-demand 
 
Up to a month 
More than one 
month and 
three months 
More than 
three months 
up to one year 
Between 1 
year and 3 
years 
More than 3 
years up to 5 
years 
More than 
five years 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
 
Cash and bank deposits 
 4,386,690  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 4,386,690  
Transactions in course of collection 
 -  
 613,917  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 613,917  
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -  
 743,927  
 1,372,587  
 2,215,622  
 1,947,253  
 815,606  
 1,369,567  
 8,464,562  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 17,712  
 1,823  
 13,851  
 9,014  
 5,292  
 12,520  
 60,212  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 -  
 2,598,300  
 267,372  
 2,031,921  
 1,322,290  
 776,359  
 1,836,471  
 8,832,713  
Financial derivative contracts for hedge accounting 
 -  
 59,587  
 146,679  
 312,562  
 505,360  
 412,964  
 735,002  
 2,172,154  
Financial assets at amortized cost 
 -  
 11,222,186  
 4,109,472  
 8,236,885  
 7,806,723  
 4,915,300  
 21,788,164  
 58,078,730  
Total assets 
 4,386,690  
 15,255,629  
 5,897,933  
 12,810,841  
 11,590,640  
 6,925,521  
 25,741,724  
 82,608,978  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transactions in course of payment 
 -  
 569,499  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 569,499  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 -  
 660,350  
 1,217,880  
 1,925,096  
 1,536,452  
 721,765  
 931,310  
 6,992,853  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 -  
 67,653  
 176,649  
 378,807  
 588,467  
 467,612  
 876,086  
 2,555,274  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
 26,945,987  
 14,360,113  
 5,370,133  
 9,115,859  
 2,192,281  
 2,615,436  
 3,770,005  
 64,369,814  
Lease liabilities 
 -  
 1,360  
 3,434  
 11,713  
 39,310  
 53,199  
 9,565  
 118,581  
Issued regulatory capital financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 30,368  
 59,298  
 51,388  
 1,903,681  
 2,044,735  
Total Liabilities 
 26,945,987  
 15,658,975  
 6,768,096  
 11,461,843  
 4,415,808  
 3,909,400  
 7,490,647  
 76,650,756  
 
Net mismatch between financial assets and liabilities 
 (22,559,297) 
 (403,346) 
 (870,163) 
 1,348,998  
 7,174,832  
 3,016,121  
 18,251,076  
 5,958,221  
As of December 31, 2023 
 
On-demand 
 
Up to a month 
More than one 
month and 
three months 
More than 
three months 
up to one year 
Between 1 
year and 3 
years 
More than 3 
years up to 5 
years 
More than 
five years 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
 
Cash and bank deposits 
 3,619,715  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 3,619,715  
Transactions in course of collection 
 -  
 475,440  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 475,440  
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -  
 632,008  
 813,056  
 1,842,147  
 1,807,749  
 812,869  
 1,180,868  
 7,088,697  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 2,607  
 4,371  
 10,972  
 11,330  
 4,884  
 24,799  
 58,963  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 -  
 397,503  
 666,592  
 1,673,018  
 1,727,606  
 744,777  
 3,781,641  
 8,991,137  
Financial derivative contracts for hedge accounting 
 -  
 50,014  
 51,601  
 422,217  
 555,065  
 320,955  
 599,581  
 1,999,433  
Financial assets at amortized cost 
 -  
 10,895,646  
 3,678,635  
 7,737,995  
 7,480,762  
 4,718,764  
 19,258,035  
 53,769,837  
Total assets 
 3,619,715  
 12,453,218  
 5,214,255  
 11,686,349  
 11,582,512  
 6,602,249  
 24,844,924  
 76,003,222  
 
LIABILITIES 
 
Transactions in course of payment 
 -  
 429,959  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 429,959  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair 
value through profit or loss 
 -  
 531,298  
 691,688  
 1,528,363  
 1,322,670  
 689,404  
 862,058  
 5,625,481  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 -  
 69,525  
 65,419  
 533,471  
 706,272  
 389,175  
 771,979  
 2,535,841  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
 23,810,298  
 10,501,589  
 6,866,973  
 11,107,206  
 2,097,952  
 2,648,959  
 2,904,522  
 59,937,499  
Lease liabilities 
 -  
 1,483  
 3,745  
 12,776  
 42,880  
 58,029  
 10,436  
 129,349  
Issued regulatory capital financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 30,368  
 59,298  
 51,388  
 1,410,237  
 1,551,291  
Total Liabilities 
 23,810,298  
 11,533,854  
 7,627,825  
 13,212,184  
 4,229,072  
 3,836,955  
 5,959,232  
 70,209,420  
 
Net mismatch between financial assets and liabilities 
 (20,190,583) 
 919,364  
 (2,413,570) 
 (1,525,835) 
 7,353,440  
 2,765,294  
 18,885,692  
 5,793,802  
F-98

--- Page 401 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 96 
 
 
NOTE 46 – FINANCIAL AND NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES BY CURRENCY 
 
a) As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, financial and non-financial assets and liabilities by currency are detailed as follows: 
 
 
 
As of March 31, 2024 
 
 
Chilean pesos 
Adjustable by  
Exchange 
rate 
 
 
Us dollars 
 
 
Colombian pesos 
 
 
Pound sterling 
 
 
Euro 
 
 
Swiss francs 
 
 
Yen 
 
 
Chinese yuan 
 
Other Foreign 
Currencies 
 
 
Total 
CLP 
UF 
ER 
USD 
COP 
GBP 
EUR 
CHF 
JPY 
CNY 
OTHER 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSET 
Cash and bank deposits 
1,062,674 
- 
- 
3,166,937 
- 
1,920 
60,818 
2,508 
24,092 
8,019 
59,722 
4,386,690 
Transactions in course of collection 
391,315 
- 
- 
176,159 
- 
297 
35,150 
134 
6,908 
610 
3,344 
613,917 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
7,778,845 
548,904 
- 
135,788 
5 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,020 
8,464,562 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
60,212 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
60,212 
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
2,157,319 
1,775,308 
- 
4,751,910 
- 
- 
103,678 
- 
- 
- 
44,498 
8,832,713 
Financial derivative contracts for hedge accounting 
1,611,272 
71,848 
- 
4,263 
- 
- 
94 
482,703 
81 
- 
1,893 
2,172,154 
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
13,351,743 
16,788,407 
224,596 
27,302,513 
- 
- 
66,273 
- 
1,187 
- 
344,011 
58,078,730 
Investments in companies 
42,618 
- 
- 
141,476 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
184,094 
Intangible Assets 
241,423 
- 
34,710 
176,311 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
10,658 
463,102 
Property and equipment 
204,883 
- 
- 
58,654 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,672 
265,209 
Right-of-use assets 
14,580 
66,193 
- 
51,771 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,425 
133,969 
Current tax assets 
167,996 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
891 
168,887 
Deferred tax assets 
349,378 
- 
- 
186,372 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,507 
538,257 
Other assets 
511,312 
1,507 
48,267 
1,386,416 
- 
- 
(714) 
- 
- 
- 
10,873 
1,957,661 
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale 
43,629 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
43,629 
Total assets 
 27,928,987  
 19,252,167  
 307,573  
 37,598,782  
 5  
 2,217  
 265,299  
 485,345  
 32,268  
 8,629  
 482,514  
86,363,786  
 
LIABILITIES 
Transactions in course of payment 
 330,054  
 -  
 -  
 210,446  
 -  
 262  
 17,360  
 42  
 6,874  
 2,887  
 1,574  
 569,499  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value 
 6,748,540  
 407  
 -  
 223,905  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 20,001  
 6,992,853  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 771,098  
 1,259,993  
 -  
 523,471  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 712  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 2,555,274  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
 22,452,647  
 5,941,396  
 12,133  
 34,403,477  
 -  
 981  
 98,491  
1,024,682  
 78,227  
 6,604  
 351,176  
64,369,814  
Lease liabilities 
 -  
 76,099  
 -  
 41,077  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,405  
 118,581  
Issued regulatory capital financial instruments 
 (3,786) 
 1,570,212  
 -  
 478,309  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 2,044,735  
Provisions for contingencies 
 98,410  
 -  
 -  
 37,216  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 545  
 136,171  
Provisions for dividends, payment of interest and revaluation of regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
 266,970  
 -  
 -  
 6,327  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 273,297  
Special provisions for credit loss 
 397,400  
 -  
 -  
 43,963  
 -  
 -  
 160  
 20  
 3  
 40  
 41  
 441,627  
Current tax 
 7,230  
 -  
 -  
 5,528  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 12,758  
Deferred tax 
 1,636  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,636  
Other liabilities 
 523,532  
 311,436  
 4,538  
 1,454,089  
 -  
 -  
 (1) 
 -  
 -  
 3  
 1,841  
 2,295,438  
Liabilities included in disposal groups held for sale 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 
 
 -  
Total liabilities 
 31,593,731  
 9,159,543  
 16,671  
 37,427,808  
 -  
 1,243  
 116,010  
1,025,456  
 85,104  
 9,534  
 376,583  
 79,811,683  
 
 
 
 
Mismatches by currency as of March 31, 2024 
(3,664,744) 
10,092,624  
 290,902  
 170,974  
 5  
 974  
 149,289  
 (540,111) 
(52,836) 
 (905) 
 105,931  
 6,552,103  
 
 
 
 
F-99

--- Page 402 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 97 
 
 
 
 
 
As of  December 31, 2023 
 
 
Chilean pesos 
 
Adjustable by CT 
 
 
US dollars 
 
Colombian pesos 
 
Pound sterling 
 
 
Euro 
 
Swiss francs 
 
 
yen 
 
Chinese 
yuan 
Other Foreign 
Currencies 
 
 
Total 
CLP 
UF 
CT 
USD 
COP 
GBP 
EUR 
CHF 
JPY 
CNY 
OTHER 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSET 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and bank deposits 
 1,067,688  
 -  
 -  
 2,324,295  
 -  
 3,638  
 75,743  
 1,752  
 34,716  
 7,326  
 104,557  
 3,619,715  
Transactions in course of collection 
 268,971  
 -  
 -  
 167,086  
 -  
 74  
 38,698  
 148  
 75  
 -  
 388  
 475,440  
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 6,553,290  
 432,637  
 -  
 102,051  
 14  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 705  
 7,088,697  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 58,963  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 58,963  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 2,547,336  
 1,983,849  
 -  
 4,309,623  
 -  
 -  
 93,720  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 56,609  
 8,991,137  
Financial derivative contracts for hedge accounting 
 1,458,124  
 74,914  
 -  
 2,736  
 -  
 -  
 45  
 462,528  
 19  
 -  
 1,067  
 1,999,433  
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
 12,659,715  
 16,493,364  
 150,119  
 24,112,962  
 -  
 -  
 61,206  
 -  
 9,648  
 -  
 282,823  
53,769,837  
Investments in companies 
 38,090  
 -  
 -  
 125,046  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 163,136  
Intangible Assets 
 246,780  
 -  
 30,973  
 158,807  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 9,986  
 446,546  
Property and equipment 
 198,434  
 -  
 -  
 53,620  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,560  
 253,614  
Right-of-use assets 
 14,164  
 79,865  
 -  
 48,542  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,315  
 143,886  
Current tax assets 
 158,993  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 325  
 159,318  
Deferred tax assets 
 367,066  
 -  
 -  
 123,211  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 2,184  
 492,461  
Other assets 
 497,599  
 52  
 42,239  
 1,044,835  
 -  
 -  
 (652) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 8,912  
 1,592,985  
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale 
 45,985  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 45,985  
Total assets 
 26,122,235  
 19,064,681  
 223,331  
 32,631,777  
 14  
 3,712  
 268,760  
 464,428  
 44,458  
 7,326  
 470,431  
 79,301,153  
 
LIABILITIES 
Transactions in course of payment 
 202,754  
 -  
 -  
 213,439  
 -  
 2,467  
 9,515  
 -  
 -  
 1,622  
 162  
 429,959  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value 
 5,583,270  
 -  
 -  
 33,837  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 8,374  
 5,625,481  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 740,410  
 1,328,076  
 -  
 467,355  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 2,535,841  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
22,035,899  
 5,745,874  
 -  
 30,603,112  
 -  
 746  
 101,425  
 978,716  
 84,287  
 4,535  
 382,905  
59,937,499  
Lease liabilities 
 -  
 89,209  
 -  
 38,855  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,285  
 129,349  
Issued regulatory capital financial instruments 
 -  
 1,551,291  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,551,291  
Provisions for contingencies 
 145,423  
 -  
 -  
 53,302  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,050  
 199,775  
Provisions for dividends, payment of interest and revaluation of regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
 204,740  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 204,740  
Special provisions for credit loss 
 405,961  
 -  
 -  
 46,149  
 -  
 -  
 243  
 31  
 -  
 -  
 14  
 452,398  
Current tax 
 7,349  
 -  
 -  
 26,310  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 33,659  
Deferred tax 
 2,106  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 2,106  
Other liabilities 
 511,307  
 297,706  
 10,343  
 1,310,704  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,619  
 2,131,679  
Liabilities included in disposal groups held for sale 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total liabilities 
 29,839,219  
 9,012,156  
 10,343  
 32,793,063  
 -  
 3,213  
 111,183  
 978,747  
 84,287  
 6,157  
 395,409  
 73,233,777  
 
Mismatches by currency as of December 310, 2023 
 (3,716,984) 
10,052,525  
 212,988  
 (161,286) 
 14  
 499  
 157,577  
 (514,319) 
(39,829) 
 1,169  
 75,022  
 6,067,376  
 
 
 
F-100

--- Page 403 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 98 
NOTE 47 – RISK MANAGEMENT AND REPORTING 
1. INTRODUCTION 
Financial risk management is performed throughout the organization, under a framework containing policies that define the criteria and procedures 
guiding the actions of the Bank and its subsidiaries. 
Business activities performed by the Bank involve identifying, assessing, accepting, and managing different types of risks or combinations of risks. The 
main risk categories to which the Bank is exposed are financial risk, market risk, structural risk, and liquidity risk. 
To manage financial risks, the Bank’s Board of Directors and Senior Management are responsible for: 
• 
understanding the nature and magnitude of the financial risks assumed as well as the strategies implemented to manage them; 
• 
directing the management of financial risks using prudential criteria, which avoid exposing the Bank to insolvency or financial instability; 
• 
defining a framework of policies that comprehensively regulate the management of financial risks, considering the best practices in the 
market, current regulations and the Bank’s culture; 
• 
establishing a structure of limits structure that covers all relevant risks, is consistent with the Board of Directors’ risk tolerance and current 
regulatory margins; 
• 
establishing a clear segregation of duties between trading and control activities, so that risk measurement, supervision and information are 
performed by units that are independent from the risk-assuming areas; 
• 
receiving relevant, complete and timely information; and 
• 
verifying the application of policies and compliance with limits through a continuous internal audit process. 
2. GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT 
The Board of Directors, through the Executive Committee, approves the policies and defines the level of financial risk tolerance. The Comptroller 
supervises compliance with risk policies, using independent evaluations. Likewise, the Bank controls exposure to financial risks through the Finance 
and Risk Committee. 
The Chief Executive Officer. as the main individual responsible for the Bank’s overall management, must conduct the business strictly adhering to the 
current legal framework and internal policies, limits and procedures established. He chairs the Assets and Liabilities Committee (ALCO), a body where 
he is informed about the risks assumed by the Bank and provides guidelines for such purposes. 
The Assets and Liabilities Committee (ALCO) is the highest-ranking executive body assigned to manage financial risks. In its regular meetings, the ALCO 
Committee reviews the liquidity position, asset and liability management and investment strategies, with due regard to risks assumed. 
The Finance Department is responsible for the direct management of financial risks. Such department must implement business, investment, and 
financing strategies for the Bank to achieve its objectives while minimizing the risks assumed. 
The Market and Liquidity Risk Management measures and controls financial risks, this Department is responsible for proposing policies and limits to 
mitigate risks, as well as designing measurement tools according to the size and complexity of operations. 
The limit structure and daily control ensure that risks are within the margins established by the ALCO Committee and approved by the Executive 
Committee. This is strengthened by an adequate segregation of duties and the control by opposition established in the Bank’s organizational structure, 
which allows managing risks without any conflict of interest. 
The Market and Liquidity Risk Management reports on a daily basis risk exposures and the use of limits. In addition, on a monthly basis it communicates 
the overall financial risk position to the ALCO Committee, so that Senior Management understands the risks assumed, and if required, establishes 
guidelines. 
The supervision of the financial risks performed by the Bank on the subsidiaries is covered by the Subsidiary Control Policy, this is performed through 
the process of annual review of policies, quantification of risks, definition of stand-alone or consolidated limits, and coordination between the different 
vehicles when appropriate. 
3. MARKET RISK 
 
Market risk represents losses that could affect the value of investment portfolios because of adverse movements in market prices. 
Principles for managing market risk include: the use of methodologies to quantify market risks in accordance with the volume and complexity of the 
activities performed; mechanisms for periodic review of the models used to quantify market risks. Including their independent validations; formal and 
periodic performance of stress exercises, appropriate for the scale and complexity of transactions and daily monitoring of limits and excesses. 
In the field of market risks. The following are managed: 
Price risk: it is the risk of losses that can cause a change in the value of a portfolio of financial instruments, in trading activities with customers 
(market making) and proprietary investments. This risk is found in all portfolios subject to market valuation. 
Basis risk: losses that may originate from an imperfect correlation between two or more market variables used to hedge the risk of a financial 
position. 
Convexity or mismatch risk: losses that may originate when assuming positions in a risk factor, generating mismatches in time periods. Those 
terms where there is greater market depth should be considered as one of the important variables. 
Optionality risk: Buying or writing options carries its own risks. These are closely characterized by the non-linear relationship between the 
gain generated by the option. The value of the underlying factors and the volatility of such factors. 
 
The Bank separate the management, control, and measurement of market risks between trading portfolios and financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income portfolios. The former includes positions as a result of the flow of sales to corporate and institutional customers, positions as a 
result of the market making business, and hedge or trading positions. The latter holds positions that come mainly from the management of interest rates 
associated with personal and commercial banking loans. In addition to a portfolio of financial investments. 
 
F-101

--- Page 404 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 
Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 99 
3.1 MARKET RISK IN THE TRADING BOOK 
The main market risks generated in the trading book are the following: 
Interest rate risk: arise as a result of exposure to movement in the different interest rate curves on which a current position is maintained. The typical 
products that generate this sensitivity correspond to interest rate derivative products (Swap or Cross Currency Swap), such as those products of the 
capital market business (Debt Securities, Term Deposits, Futures or other). However, in practice, all financial products are exposed to movements in 
interest rates due to the effect on the valuation associated with their discount factor. 
Currency risk: this risk is generated by the movements from the several exchange rates with the currencies on which current positions are held. This 
risk is generated in currency spot positions, as well as in any derivative product whose underlying is an exchange rate. 
Optionality risk: The purchase or writing of options carries its own risks. These are closely characterized by the non-linear relationship between the 
gain generated by the option, the value of the underlying factors and the volatility of said factors. 
Equity security risk arises as a result of movements in share prices. Such risk is generated in cash positions of shares as well as in any derivative 
product whose underlying is a share or a variable income index. This type of instrument mainly arises from the subsidiary BCI Corredor de Bolsa, 
whereas Bank BCI, by regulation, does not have access to these markets. 
3.1.1 Management and Limits 
The functions established for Financial Risk include the daily control of market risk positions, which implies ensuring compliance with the limits and/or 
alerts approved by Senior Management. This follow-up is performed regularly to assess the evolution of risk metrics and their significant movements, as 
well as communicate risks and possible excesses through the channels established for such purposes. 
Setting limits for trading market risk is a dynamic process that is associated with the level of risk appetite established by the Bank. Such process is part 
of the annual limit review and update plan. 
Limits are established on different metrics and are intended to cover all activities subject to this risk from multiple views, applying a prudent criterion, 
where the main are as follows: 
• 
VaR limits (Total and by risk factor) 
• 
Sensitivity limits to the exchange rate 
• 
Interest rate sensitivity limits (total and by terms) 
• 
Sensitivity limits for positions in significant products 
• 
Sensitivity limits for positions in significant spread 
• 
Vega limits 
These general limits are supplemented by other sub-limits for structure that is granular to allow the effective control of the different types of trading 
market risk factors to which the Bank is exposed in its trading activities. 
These limits are approved by senior management (ALCO and/or Board of Directors). 
3.1.2 Metrics 
a) VaR (Value at Risk): this is a methodology that estimates losses that a portfolio would incur as a result of an adverse movement of interest rates 
and/or market prices over a time horizon and for a certain confidence level. 
The VaR methodology used is historical simulation that recognizes the fat-tail property of financial returns. A 2-year rolling window of daily 
data is used. The 1st percentile of the P&L distribution is measured, or VaR at 99% confidence. The volatility updating technique is used, which 
recognizes the existence of volatility clusters. 
Objectives and limitations of the VaR methodology: The objective of VaR is to measure the risk of a portfolio of assets by determining how 
much it can lose over a period and with a given level of confidence. Under normal market conditions. This method is applied to portfolios that 
have information on the relevant market variables. In addition, it does not depend on the calculation of correlations and volatilities, as these are 
calculated implicitly when using historical information, which means having the history of the associated variables to perform this calculation. 
 
The 1-day VaR for each portfolio is shown below. 
VaR tables by Portfolio: annual comparison as of March 31, 2024 
Figures in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
VAR 
2024 
2023 
Variance 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Trading 
3,527 
1213 
2,314 
Maximum 
4,093 
3,981 
112 
Minimum 
1,092 
521 
571 
Average 
2,613 
1,558 
1,055 
Balance 
1,060 
636 
424 
Maximum 
1,421 
1,541 
(120) 
Minimum 
692 
149 
543 
Average 
979 
538 
441 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa 
498 
863 
(365) 
Maximum 
832 
1,950 
(1,118) 
Minimum 
441 
476 
(35) 
Average 
581 
922 
(341) 
BCI Asset Management 
23 
45 
(22) 
Maximum 
52 
106 
(54) 
Minimum 
23 
23 
- 
Average 
36 
51 
(15) 
 
 
F-102

--- Page 405 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 100 
VaR Trading: quarterly graphic comparison as of March 31, 2024 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
 
 
 
VaR Balance: quarterly graphic comparison as of March 31, 2024 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
 
 
 
VaR Bci Corredora de Bolsa: quarterly graphic comparison as of March 31, 2024 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
 
 
 
VaR Bci Asset Management: quarterly graphic comparison as of March 31, 2024 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
 
 
F-103

--- Page 406 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 101 
For the current period. The VaR (Value at Risk) is broken down into the different risk factors that compose it for its management, this 
corresponds to: 
VaR by Risk factor: As of March 31, 2024 
        Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos 
 
Value at Risk 
2024 
2023 
Variance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Total 
3,527 
1,213 
2,314 
Interest rate 
2,017 
690 
1,327 
Foreign currency 
1,734 
600 
1,134 
Optionality 
66 
18 
48 
Note: consider that the calculation of VAR having correlations. The sum of its factors is not the same related to the Total VAR, 
a) Stressed VaR (sVaR): there are limitations of the VaR models, mainly in the face of extreme events that have not been noted in the historical 
information or because they do not capture the intra-day movements in the portfolio. Because of this, stress situations are modeled to assess 
potential impacts on the value of the most extreme event portfolios. The following analysis presents the Stress VaR study for the main current 
risks. 
Stress VaR: As of March 31, 2024 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
STRESS VAR 
2024 
2023 
Variance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Total 
4,192 
4,029 
163 
Maximum 
6,868 
9,988 
(3,120) 
Minimum 
2,775 
2,202 
573 
Average 
4,150 
4,746 
(596) 
3.2 COUNTERPARTY MARKET RISK 
Counterparty risk management encompasses the management of financial risks that seeks to recognize and subsequently manage the possible credit 
deterioration of each counterparty, arising from investments and/or businesses related to the capital market. 
This risk is defined as the possibility that the issuer or the counterparty does not comply with its obligations or commitments within the agreed terms and 
amounts. This risk is determined by the debt at the time of default, by the probability of default by the counterparty, and by the loss given default. On a 
daily basis, the current market value plus the potential future exposure of the derivatives is calculated; estimating the value of the debt in an event of 
default that has not yet occurred. The potential future exposure represents the maximum market value  that the instruments could reach during the 
remaining term of the contract. The result of this calculation determines the use of the credit facility associated with derivative instruments. 
As part of counterparty risk management, Senior Management encourages direct involvement in both local and foreign clearing houses. As applicable, 
and the trading of derivative instruments must be conducted in accordance with the policies, limits and procedures established by the Bank, in compliance 
with internal and external regulations, and all new products must comply with the provisions of the New Products Policy prior to being traded. 
3.2.1 Management and Limits 
The Bank manages its counterparty risk through analysis of the future exposure of financial instruments, called PFE (Potential Future Exposure) and in 
turn through adjustments to the Fair value of derivative instruments, referred to as CVA (Credit Value Adjustment). 
3.2.2 Metrics 
a) Future Exposures: The future exposure of an over-the-counter (OTC) derivative is directly related to the credit exposure generated by this type 
of product for BCI. The risk from such contracts exists when the valuation or mark-to-market (MTM) is positive in favor of BCI. These contracts 
are measured on a daily basis, and the risk or uncertainty arises regarding the potential value that the MTM may reach throughout the life of the 
operation. 
Montecarlo simulation techniques are used to calculate future exposures by counterparty, specific limits by counterparty ensure that defined risk 
levels are not exceeded, and adequate diversification is achieved. The following table provides the detail of the exposure for each segment for the 
periods ended March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
F-104

--- Page 407 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 102 
Future Exposure by Banks: As of March 31, 2024 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, 
 
Future Exposure 
Banking  
March 31, 
2024 
December 31,  
2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Banco BCI 
4,394,112 
2,772,591 
Private Banking 
148,648 
148,512 
Banks 
1,541,574 
501,509 
Corporate 
973,886 
904,197 
SMEs 
1,045 
1,116 
Business 
40,334 
24,339 
Large Corporations 
175,388 
114,474 
Real Estate 
181,591 
148,239 
Institutional 
1,331,647 
930,205 
Total 
4,394,112 
2,772,591 
 
 
 
b) Derivative credit valuation adjustment (CVA): The objective is to determine the expected losses due to counterparty risk in OTC derivative 
contracts. The CVA of a derivative is defined as the difference between the market value free of credit risk (without risk of default by the 
counterparty) and the value of the derivative engaged that carries the possibility of default by the counterparty. Accordingly, the CVA of a 
customer can be obtained from the expected exposure (EE) by counterparty risk (the expected loss amount) and the expected loss rate (EL) 
associated with the default of the counterparty. The table below details the allowance for CVA by segment as of March 31, 2024 and December 
31, 2023. 
CVA (Credit Value Adjustment): as of March 31, 2024 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, 
Credit Value Adjustment (CVA) 
 
Banking 
March 31,  
2024 
December 31, 
2023 
Variation  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Banco BCI 
7,837 
8,148 
(311) 
Private Banking 
560 
654 
(94) 
Banks 
6 
8 
(2) 
Corporate 
2,354 
2,360 
(6) 
SMEs 
2 
3 
(1) 
Business 
299 
297 
2 
Large Corporations 
1,722 
1,730 
(8) 
Real Estate 
2,429 
2,662 
(233) 
Institutional 
461 
435 
26 
City National Bank 
1,147 
826 
321 
BCI CdB 
0,96 
0,33 
0,63 
Total 
8,985 
8,974 
11 
 
 
 
F-105

--- Page 408 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 103 
3.3 MARKET RISK OUTSIDE OF THE TRADING BOOK 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income relate to all financial instruments that have not been acquired for trading them at 
short-term, where the Bank intends to keep them on its balance sheet Instruments that are classified as financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income may not be subsequently reclassified to the category financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss. 
Certain definitions that should be considered for the market of these assets are included below: 
Debt Securities (IRF): this is the name given to securities representing medium and long-term obligations, issued in series. Intended to finance different 
production and housing activities. They bear interest and are generally quoted as a percentage of par value. 
Portfolio of Non-Derivative Financial Instruments: relates to the set of investment debt securities classified as financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income. Investments to Maturity and the portfolio of corporate bonds classified in Trading, which weight different economic sectors, 
issuers, terms, rates (fixed versus floating or mixed rates), currencies, prepayment options, etc. 
Investment Grade Instruments: relate to instruments to which the investment grade classification has been associated by one of the international rating 
agencies: S&P, Moody’s and Fitch. This is equivalent to a BBB- or higher rating for the International market and A- for domestic instruments. 
Covenants: restrictions used by banks or institutional investors to ensure that issuers will operate prudently, allowing them to pay their debt on agreed 
terms, A covenant may require the issuer to present its financial statements to the bank or, an extreme covenant, would prohibit it from assuming new 
debt. 
3.3.1 Management and Limits 
Like the management of limits for the trading book,  for the financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income book, the duties established 
by Financial Risk are in general, the definition of measurement criteria and regular control of the portfolio, which implies ensuring compliance with the 
limits and/or warnings approved by Senior Management. 
Setting market risk limits for financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income is a dynamic process associated with the level of risk 
appetite established by the Bank. This process is part of the annual limit review and update plan. 
 
Limits applied are different for the different portfolios due to their different nature and objectives. We highlight the following market risk limits 
associated with available-for-sale instruments: 
➔ Interest rate sensitivity limits. It is the maximum amount by which the market value of the investment portfolio can change due to a one basis 
point increase in discount rates. 
➔ Diversification limits. Investment concentration limits by country, type of industry and business. 
➔ Portfolio permanence limits. According to the business model the investments must remain a minimum amount of time in the portfolio as a 
whole. 
3.3.1.1 Metrics Sensitivities and positions 
The sensitivity analysis assesses the impact of one basis point on the interest rates at which each of the instruments in the financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income investment portfolio are performed at fair value. 
 
Evolution of DV01 Investment book and liquidity management,  
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos 
  
 
The main positions in investments available for sale by type of issuer and currency are detailed below. The risk rating of such positions at the end of the 
most recent period is also reported. 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
Fair value as of March 31, 2024 (MCh$) 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
 
  
CLP 
UF 
USD 
EUR 
OTHER 
Sovereign bonds 
   3,973,206  
652,290  
870,416 
- 
                  -  
Corporate bonds 
                  -  
           11,099  
  267,571 
15,888 
                  -  
Financial institutions bonds 
           - 
448,181 
3,739,596 
-  
                  -  
Mortgage-funding notes 
                  -  
        17,497  
                  -  
                  -  
                  -  
Time deposits 
        282,692 
 - 
                  -  
                  -  
                  -  
Investments funds 
                  -  
                  -  
   75,597 
                  -  
                  -  
Shares 
                  -  
                  -  
         271,378 
                  -  
                  -  
Total 
    4,255,898 
     1,129,067 
5,224,558 
  15,888  
                  -  
 
 
87
85
80
89
383
379
534
554
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
J UN-2 3
SEP-2 3
DEC -2 3
M AR -2 4
DV01 MCH$
DATE
Investment
Liquidity
F-106

--- Page 409 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 104 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
Fair value as of March 31, 2024 (MCh$)  
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
  
CLP 
UF 
USD 
EUR 
OTHER 
Sovereign bonds 
    3,445,861 
       751,304  
   796,623  
                  -    
                  -    
Corporate bonds 
                  -    
        11,004 
        230,992  
          9,524  
                  -    
Financial institutions bonds 
           2,026 
        568,634  
    3,350,488  
                  -    
                  -    
Mortgage-funding notes 
                  -    
           18,542  
                  -    
                  -    
                  -    
Time deposits 
        317,116  
         - 
                  -    
                  -    
                  -    
Investments funds 
                  -    
                  -    
           33,652  
                  -    
                  -    
Shares 
                  -    
                  -    
          124,602 
                  -    
                  -    
Total 
     3,765,003  
    1,349,484  
     4,536,357 
          9,524 
                  -    
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
International bond portfolio risk rating as of March 31, 2024 (%) 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income  
Risk rating of bond portfolio and LCH of national issue as of March 31, 2024(%) 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
 
 
4. STRUCTURAL INTEREST RATE RISK 
The management of the structural risks of interest rates and inflation seeks to manage the risks arising from the Bank's operations and asset and liability 
positions, derivatives, and non-derivatives, excluding trading activities. 
In this area. The following risks are managed: 
➔ Interest rate risk: possibility of economic losses in the Bank's equity position (profit or loss or equity) as a result of adverse and unexpected 
changes in interest rates (parallel movements in the level of general rates and spreads). 
➔ Repricing risk: arises from differences in the maturity or repricing structure between assets and liabilities, as well as off-balance sheet positions. 
Repricing risk occurs when there are gaps or mismatches in the maturity structure or " repricing " of the Bank's assets and liabilities, whether on 
or off the balance sheet (e.g., positions in derivative financial instruments, contingent loans, etc.). Exposure varies according to the magnitude 
of the mismatches and the direction of the change in rates. 
➔ Risk in the structure of interest rates: arises from changes in the shape of the intertemporal structure of interest rates. 
➔ Base risk: results from the existence of an imperfect correlation in the adjustment of interest rates received and paid on certain financial 
instruments, which should have similar adjustment characteristics in their prices. 
➔ Optionality risk: arises from short positions in implicit options both in assets, liabilities as well as in off-balance sheet instruments or explicit 
options. This risk includes the option of a prepayment of loans, translating this payment option as a prepayment risk. 
➔ Inflation risk: possibility of economic losses in the Bank's equity position (profit or loss or equity) as a result of adverse changes in the price 
path or price index.  
 
F-107

--- Page 410 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 105 
 
4.1 Management and Limits 
Currently, limits are set on the following metrics to ensure consistency with the Bank's strategic objectives and avoid risk situations in stress scenarios 
(illiquidity, loss of profitability, among other). 
➔ Short-term risk: it is controlled with the SaR methodology, the result of which may not be higher than a percentage of the Bank's financial 
margin. 
➔ Long-term risk: controlled by the MVS methodology, the result of which may not be higher than a percentage of the Bank's basic capital. 
➔ Limits are established for metrics X1 (short-term rate risk) and X2 (long-term rate risk) of the C40 regulatory report. 
4.2 Metrics 
Unexpected changes in interest rates or inflation can have negative effects on both the Bank's profit for the period and economic value. Exposure to 
interest rate risks is noted in: 
1. The short-term impact on the Bank's revenue (typically 1 year). 
2. Long-term impact on the present value of future cash flows. 
3. The impact on other sources of revenue. 
 
This view allows using two supplementary methodologies to assess such exposure to interest rate risk: 
Accumulated Net Interest Margin (Spread at Risk, SaR) 
 
The analysis focuses on the impact associated with variations in interest rates and short-term inflation on annual revenue The analysis is performed 
considering the impact of changes in interest rates on the Bank's financial margin over a given time horizon. 
 
Economic Value (Market Value Sensitivity, MVS) 
The economic value of a bank can be expressed as the present value of the expected net cash flows, defined as the expected cash flows of assets less the 
expected cash flows of liabilities, plus the expected net flows of positions recorded off-balance. 
As the economic value considers the potential impact of changes in interest rates on the present value of future cash flows, it provides a better view of 
the potential long-term effects of changes in interest rate structures. 
The average long-term SVM measurement for 2024 is 4.14% (3.19% 2024) of capital over a limit of 12%. The SaR meanwhile has an average in 2024 
of 8.72% versus an average of 5.13% in 2024. 
MVS 
As of March 31, 2024 
 
SaR 
As of March 31, 2024 
 
 
MVS
F-108

--- Page 411 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 106 
 
The evolution of regulatory indices X1 (exposure to short-term market risk) and X2 (exposure to long-term market risk) registered slack with respect 
to the limits so far in 2024, mainly explained by the management of the balance sheet with accounting hedges. 
 
Regulatory Market Risk X1 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
as of March 31, 2024 
 
 
 
Regulatory Market Risk X2 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
as of March 31, 2024 
 
 
5. LIQUIDITY RISK 
Liquidity management is a strategic activity, it must be aligned at all times at the corporate level in terms of its objectives, guidelines and resources 
assigned in the commercial line, risk control, financial operations, and technology, among other areas. 
For these purposes, the liquidity risk will correspond to the impossibility of: 
➔ Comply with contractual obligations. 
➔ Avoid regulatory sanctions for non-compliance with regulatory ratios. 
➔ Permanently and competitively finance commercial activity. 
➔ Liquidate positions without significant losses. 
The concentration of liabilities by main sources of funding is presented below: 
 
Evolution of main sources of financing 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
 
 
 
F-109

--- Page 412 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 107 
5.1 Management and Limits 
The Bank's liquidity management policy and models seek to guarantee, even in the face of unexpected events. The Bank's ability to adequately respond to 
its obligations. 
Liquidity and funding management is performed by treasury in accordance with practices and limits aligned with local regulations, best international 
practices, and the Bank's risk appetite. For this reason, the Bank must maintain a limit structure that allows an adequate and robust risk management. 
Currently, limits are set on the following metrics: 
Liquidity barrier: A ratio that is controlled on a daily basis and whose objective is to constitute a minimum highly liquid reserve fund, which allows 
it to face unexpected situations of illiquidity, bank runs or confidence crises. The limit is reviewed at least annually. 
Concentration of deposits and time deposits: it is controlled on a daily basis, to prevent the Bank from being exposed to a sudden outflow from its 
source of funding. 
Accumulated cash flow mismatches: it is controlled on a daily basis, to ensure that there is a sufficient income flow to meet short-term obligations. 
Liquidity coverage ratios (LCR): controlled on a daily basis to provide a liquidity structure that is capable of withstanding a stress scenario in the 
short term. The LCR measures a bank's liquidity risk profile, ensuring that it has an adequate pool of high-quality assets (ALAC), which can be easily 
and immediately converted into cash, without significant loss of value, in the financial markets. 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR): requires banks to maintain a stable funding profile in relation to their assets. The objective is to reduce the risk that 
the volatility of funding sources deteriorates the Bank's liquidity position. It is controlled on  a daily basis, seeking to discourage excessive short-term 
wholesale funding. The metric seeks for the Bank to diversify its sources of financing. 
 
Since the latter are the main ratios of liquidity, it should be noted that they have remained comfortable with respect to both regulatory and internal limits. 
5.2 Metrics 
➔ Liquidity barrier 
The liquidity buffer established at BCI beginning in  2023 consists of a minimum of high liquidity and credit quality assets, of a counter-cyclical nature 
related to liquidity, the purpose of which is to support the capacity to hedge short-term obligations. 
 
To comply with the requirement of a minimum buffer of High-Quality Liquid Assets, limits are defined separately in domestic and foreign currency, 
Both amounts are reviewed and updated on a monthly basis by the Financial Risk team using stress tests. As of March 31, 2024 the liquidity buffer is 
detailed as follows: 
 
As of March 31, 2024 
 
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
Liquidity Buffer LC (*) 
3,525,860 
4,401,970 
2,854,654 
2,936,218 
Liquidity Buffer FC (**) 
1,935,683 
2,938,000 
1,021,000 
2,938,000 
(*) Amounts in millions of pesos 
(**) Amounts in millions of dollars 
 
Liquidity buffer evolution as of March 31, 2024 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos 
 
 
➔ Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
This ratio is within the Basel III standards and aims to ensure that banks have an adequate fund of High-Quality Assets (ALAC), which can be easily and 
immediately converted into cash, to meet their obligations in a 30-day liquidity stress scenario. This ratio has a regulatory limit and will increase to 
100% as of June 2022. Its form of measurement is ALAC on net expenses, where the different items have different weights. 
As of March 31, 2024 BCI had a Global consolidation LCR of 137.0%, well above the required limit, given the current regulation. 
 
 
As of March 31, 2024 
 
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
LCR 
141.4% 
144.8% 
137.0% 
137.0% 
 
F-110

--- Page 413 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 108 
 
As the latter are the main indicators of liquidity, note that they have remained comfortable with respect to both regulatory and internal limits. 
 
LCR evolution as of March 31, 2024 
 
  
➔ Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
This ratio is designed to address long-term liquidity mismatches and covers the entire balance sheet by providing incentives for financial institutions to 
use stable sources of funding. It is measured given the Stable Financing Available (FED) over the Stable Financing Required (FER), the first being the 
proportion of own and external resources that are classified as reliable. The FER on the other hand, corresponds to the book value of the assets based on 
the characteristics of liquidity and residual maturities. 
Currently, this ratio has an 80% of the regulatory limit, however, the Bank has decided to consider an incremental internal limit, which expects to reach 
a 100% NSFR requirement in 2025. As of March 31, 2024 BCI placed its Global consolidation NSFR at 101.1%. 
 
As of March 31, 2024 
 
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
NSFR 
101.0% 
101.1% 
100.8% 
101.1% 
NSFR evolution (global consolidated) as of March 31, 2024 
 
  
➔ Liquidity early warning ratios 
BCI has a set of early warnings that allow capturing negative trends in the markets or in the balance structure. Both market variables and information 
from the Bank's balance sheet are monitored. The funding liquidity prizes in local banks, or the increase in the volatility of market prices, are some of 
the market variables that stand out. On the other hand, demand deposit flight rates or deficits in the renewal of time deposits are relevant balance sheet 
information among other elements of periodic monitoring. 
➔ Mismatch of deadlines 
The mismatch is the metric that determines the difference between Expenditures and Income of the flows of the main items of the Bank. For its 
determination, adjusted flows were considered, that is, considering behavioral models for some items. In this sense, for example, the liabilities associated 
with financial and non-financial calls are considered, considering the unstable part and the stable part as the demand balance according to their behavior. 
Below is the mismatch of terms at 7, 15 and 30 days in the case of the local version considering adjusted flows. 
Local consolidation term mismatch as of March 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
F-111

--- Page 414 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 109 
 
Additionally, the relevant metrics for mismatching at 30 and 90 days for the individual version are presented. 
 
  
 
 
In addition to the aforementioned metrics, it is important to highlight the distribution of high-quality Liquid Assets held by the Bank for optimal liquidity 
management. 
Detail of liquid assets as of 03/31/2024 
 
 
 
  
➔ Concentration of Time Deposits and Funding 
Below is the concentration by counterparty for on demand and time deposit items. 
Detail of Counterparties by Main Liabilities as of 03/31/2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-112

--- Page 415 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 110 
 
➔ Maturity of non-derivative and derivative liabilities 
To see the details of maturities, it is recommended to see note 45 - Contractual Maturity according to the remaining terms of financial assets and 
liabilities. 
 
6. FINANCIAL RISK STRESS TESTING EXERCISES 
Stress tests are risk measurement tools designed with the aim of gaining a deeper understanding of the profile and dynamics of the different market and 
liquidity risks associated with Trading and Banking books about: 
➔ Measurement of the impact of extreme movements in the markets (prospective, hypothetical, historical and idiosyncratic) 
➔ Isolated measurement of the impact of a particular/specific risk component 
➔ Measurement of a dynamic interdependence between relevant risk factors 
The stress tests are intended to identify financial vulnerabilities in the balance sheet structure and trading book against low probability but plausible 
situations or risk scenarios that can be seen in a short-term horizon. The analysis separates the impacts on those positions that affect the income statement 
from those that affect the equity accounts. 
The scope and criteria for the development of stress tests are given by: 
➔ Limitations of the methodological approaches used: these approaches intervene in the calculation of the shocks to be applied in the different 
scenarios and their limitations correspond to obtaining the shocked curves that are modeled from macroeconomic factors. Therefore, there is a 
tolerance margin of how this modeling of curves can be explained by macroeconomic factors. 
For liquidity stress scenarios, these are configured, on the one hand, by calibrating prices and system stress measures (monitor of market 
conditions), as well as short-term impacts (30 days and 90 days) on the structure balance. 
The market monitor is calibrated by estimating the price levels at which the stress scenario is estimated. In the case of historical scenarios, the 
basic argument is historical information and estimates of the impact of the crisis, while in the case of prospective scenarios, the analysis is based 
on the risks inherent to the banking industry, which are included with information to raise awareness of risk scenarios and vision is essential. 
On the other hand, the changes in the balance sheet structure are projected as stress scenarios, and in no case are the estimates based exclusively 
on historical measurements. Depending on the level of criticality of the estimated market conditions for each scenario, conservative estimates 
of leak rates and balance sheet movements are projected. In general, the higher the estimated criticality for each scenario. The higher the leakage 
rate associated with the sources of funding. In addition, depending on the characteristics of the depositor and the estimated stability of the 
deposits, the flight rates are modeled with different movements and sensitivities to stress scenarios. 
 
➔ The bank's capacity to absorb potential losses is contained within the established risk appetite and the action plans that the bank has to modify its 
risk profile. 
➔ Action plans: As a preventive financial measure, BCI constitutes the liquidity barrier, which represents the minimum level of liquid assets 
evaluated to ensure liquidity even in extreme illiquidity events, calibrated with the level of tension that the system evidences. In addition to the 
above, to take action in the face of any liquidity contingency, BCI has a Liquidity Contingency Plan, which meets with a liquidity contingency 
committee (CCL). The CCL must consider various sources of funds to face a liquidity crisis. The set of tentative actions, visualized before 
performing a risk scenario, may consider: 
a) Subordinate trading portfolio to declarations of liquidity needs. The amount may vary according to the considerations of the committee, 
and the entire portfolio may be used for liquidity purposes in case of contingency. 
b) Manage funding sources, Stimulate the raising of funds with adequate prices in the event of a contingency declaration. 
c) Conditions to make FPL and Repos with the Central Bank. The Liquidity Sub-Management will manage, at its discretion. The use of facilities 
with the Central Bank of Chile. 
d) Stimulate Sales with an agreement, Repo, and funding via TRS when feasible. Monitor assets to finance the contingency, Potential available 
monitoring of Barrier Papers, Monitoring of Liquid Assets issued abroad. In BCI, Miami Branch and City National Bank portfolios. 
e) Use of local and international interbank lines, Costs and ease of use of the available lines will be evaluated. 
f) Use window discount FED, Semi-annual monitoring of fund-raising capacity with FED window discount. 
g) Sale of loan portfolio subject to evaluation by the contingency committee. 
6.1. Scenario Analysis 
The scenarios associated with the banking book seek to capture, through hypothetical, prospective or historical scenarios, the dynamics between nominal 
short-term and long-term rates and inflation (Real TPM). These effects are represented by shocks in the rates in the different time horizons, reflecting 
the variations in inflation expectations if they correspond to each scenario. 
For their part, the trading book scenarios aim to capture movements in relative prices as a result of changes in expectations or flows in derivative 
instruments associated with differentials in external and internal rates that allow us to identify risk exposures outside the normal behavior of the portfolio. 
At least 3 scenarios are established, which aim to measure the bank's exposure to stress situations observed at a global and/or systemic level. These were 
conceived based on expert opinion, historical crisis situations and developed with econometric techniques. 
The proposed scenarios are: 
I. 
Historical 
II. 
Adverse 
III. 
Dynamic 
 
F-113

--- Page 416 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 111 
I. 
Historical scenario 
The mortgage default crisis in the US inevitably led to a counterparty crisis and severe liquidity shortages that had profound repercussions on the real 
economy and global financial markets. 
Stock markets in the US fall more than 4%, Asian markets 5%, the most important markets in Europe fall an average of 3.3%, Brazil falls more than 7% 
and Argentina more than 5%, all this on the same day of the fall of Lehman Brothers. 
Copper for its part falls 53%, WTI 50%, Japan 38%, Dow Jones 30%, and Chile 16%, All these 3 months after the fall. 
In the 2 months following the fall of Lehman Brothers, the dollar rises 21% while the Euro strengthens against the dollar by more than 3% during the 
first week after the Lehman crash, although it ends up collapsing by more 12% during the first two months. 
II. 
Adverse scenario 
The pessimistic scenario is characterized by external and domestic impacts. Externally, there is a global recession (USA, Asia, Europe and Latam) 
accompanied by a lower demand for commodities. At the local level, there is a strong contraction (economic recession) in the construction, commerce, 
and mining sectors. 
Commodity prices (copper price) plummet as a result of the global recession. World demand for Chilean exports decreases significantly, accelerating 
the external imbalance. Imports of capital goods fall sharply. The exchange rate depreciates significantly amid massive capital flight, generating 
inflationary pressures. 
The labor market deteriorates, unemployment increases, salaried employment and wages fall sharply, the MPR (monetary policy rate) falls in the face of 
a smaller output gap and strong inflationary pressures. As a final consequence. The PIB contracts significantly throughout the stress scenario, converging 
to a lower growth rate in the long term. 
III. 
Dynamic scenario 
In this scenario, the most adverse historical shocks are faced with respect to the current rate structure, and monthly shock rate scenarios are defined. The 
period to be selected is the one that generates shocks at the 1% and 99% percentile. 
The scenarios proposed for the liquidity stress tests are: 
IV. 
Historical 
V. 
Adverse 
VI. 
Idiosyncratic 
IV. 
Historical Scenario 
The determination of these is based on the use of historical data of the banking system obtained from the web page of the Financial Market Commission 
of Chile (CMF). The time series of the most relevant income and expense items of the balance sheets of the banks in the financial market. As well as off-
balance sheet items, are used, to select the historical scenario, the result of applying the leakage rates of each scenario (each date) on the 30 and 90-day 
flows of the relevant balance sheet items used in the Liquidity Stress Exercise is calculated. The scenario selected will be the one that generates the 
highest net outflows (outflows minus revenues). 
V. 
Adverse Scenario 
The pessimistic scenario is characterized by external and domestic impacts. At the external level, there is a world recession (USA. Asia, Europe, and 
Latin America) accompanied by a lower demand for commodities. Locally, there is a strong contraction (economic recession) in the construction, trade, 
and mining sectors. 
Commodity prices (copper prices) plummet as a result of the world recession. World demand for Chilean exports decreases significantly, accelerating 
the external imbalance. Imports of capital goods fall sharply. The exchange rate depreciates significantly amid massive capital flight, generating 
inflationary pressures. 
The labor market deteriorates sharply, unemployment increases, salaried employment and wages fall sharply. The monetary policy rate (TPM) falls in 
the face of a smaller output gap and strong inflationary pressures. As a final consequence, PIB contracts sharply throughout the stress scenario, 
converging to a lower growth rate in the long run. 
VI. 
Idiosyncratic Scenario 
To develop the basis for BCI's idiosyncratic scenario, we opt for the analysis of a historical liquidity crisis triggered by non-systematic factors. This is 
because it is considered that the definition and simulation of idiosyncratic effects by themselves and independent of empirical impacts would require a 
series of assumptions that at an aggregate level could generate a series of validity problems such as the deterioration of the specification of the models 
used or the obtaining of insignificant or even infeasible results. 
To carry out this work, we first analyze the background of the case of the Bank under Study, the reasons and impact of the crisis, and then we define the 
methodology to simulate the impacts that such a scenario would have if experienced by BCI according to its own characteristics. 
6.2 Results and impacts 
➔ Market risk 
The following tables show the results of the banking and trading books, distinguishing the effects on the income statement from the effects on the bank's 
capital. 
Summary of Banking Book results as of March 31, 2024, figures in millions of CLP  
(Impacts are measured for the next 12 months) 
Banking Book 
Inflation 
Reprice 
PnL 
Historical 
(10,500) 
7,450 
(3,050) 
Adverse 
(9,296) 
54,294 
44,999 
Dynamic Perc, 1% 
(2,961) 
22,935 
19,974 
Dynamic Perc, 99% 
(8,099) 
(29,219) 
(37,318) 
 
F-114

--- Page 417 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 112 
 
Summary of trading book results as of March 31, 2024, figures in millions of CLP 
(Impacts are measured based on the duration of each scenario) 
Trading 
Income 
Historical 
(20,830) 
Adverse 
73,195 
Dynamic Perc, 1% 
40,096 
Dynamic Perc, 99% 
(47,846) 
Balance Sheet - Trading Book 
P&L 
Historical 
4,170 
Adverse 
(15,088) 
Dynamic Perc, 1% 
(10,274) 
Dynamic Perc, 99% 
10,097 
Summary results portfolios financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income as of March 31, 2024,  
figures in millions of CLP  
(Impacts are measured based on the duration of each scenario) 
Equity 
Effect E/R (P&L) 
Historical 
(90,513) 
76,535 
Adverse 
173,236 
(2,303) 
Dynamic Perc, 1% 
138,742 
- 
Dynamic Perc, 99% 
(142,338) 
- 
The effects on Equity correspond to movements in both discount rates and spread, corresponding to CEMBI. While the effects shown in results are 
directly related to the exchange rate risk in the investment portfolio. 
 
Summary results Fair Value Hedges as of  March 31, 2024, figures in millions of CLP 
(Impacts are measured based on the duration of each scenario) 
Fair Value Hedge 
Adjustment (P&L) 
Rate (P&L) 
Total 
Historical 
11,100 
11,100 
11,100 
Adverse 
64,217 
64,217 
64,217 
Dynamic Perc, 1% 
56,451 
56,451 
56,451 
Dynamic Perc, 99% 
(46,170) 
(46,170) 
(46,170) 
Fair Value hedges correspond to strategies to float the base risk of active bonds, whose interest rate is fixed, and its currency is foreign. 
Summary of Bank portfolio results as of March 31, 2024 figures in millions of CLP 
(Impacts are measured based on the duration of each scenario) 
Scenario 
Adjustment 
Rate (P&L) 
Total 
Historical 
(19,711) 
(90,513) 
(110,224) 
Adverse 
103,105 
173,236 
271,001 
Dynamic Perc, 1% 
49,797 
138,742 
178,830 
Dynamic Perc, 99% 
(75,068) 
(142,338) 
(198,385) 
Effect on P&L 
Bank book 
Rate (P&L) 
  
Total P&L 
 
Historical 
(3,050) 
(16,660) 
(19,710) 
Adverse 
44,999 
58,107 
103,106 
Dynamic Perc, 1% 
19,974 
29,822 
49,796 
Dynamic Perc, 99% 
(37,318) 
(37,750) 
(75,068) 
Liquidity risk 
The following tables show the results of the effects on the Bank's liquidity. In each of the scenarios: 
Table # 5: Additional Needs of Funds for liquidity 30 and 90 days to March 31, 2024 
(Figures in Billions of CLP) 
Demand for 
Liquidity 30 days 
Demand for 
Liquidity 90 days 
Available Liquid 
Assets 
Liquidity Needs 
Historical 
1,973 
1,335 
4,550 
- 
Adverse 
2,338 
1,963 
4,377 
247 
Idiosyncratic 
2,085 
952 
4,049 
- 
Survival Period: From the data obtained for the Bank's liquidity stress test, it can be observed that the survival period under the Historical and 
Idiosyncratic Scenario is less than 30 days. On the other hand. In case of the Pessimistic Scenario. The survival period is between 30 and 90 days. 
 
F-115

--- Page 418 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 113 
 
7. CREDIT RISK 
a) Credit risk structure 
Credit risk is defined as the probability that a given counterparty will not be able to repay the resources delivered by the creditor institution under the 
originally agreed conditions, resulting in the loss of part or all the amount loaned or agreed interest. This breach may be due to capacity, disposition, 
transferability, or convertibility. 
Likewise, there are sub-risks that arise from contractual conditions with customers, but which were not necessarily generated by a monetary disbursement 
from BCI. In short, credit risk is the sum of payment risk, contingent risk, market and counterparty risk, overnight position risk and settlement risk. 
The Bank assumes the entire credit risk while the obligation of the client or counterparty is in force. The risk is extinguished with the full payment of 
principal. Interest, and readjustments. 
Credit risk governance 
At Banco BCI, credit risk governance is determined by the interaction of the various areas, as well as by the instances in which the Board of Directors 
and Senior Management participate. The main roles and responsibilities in the field of credit risk governance are as follows: 
Executive Committee of the Board of Directors: The Board of Directors, through this body, is responsible for approving general risk policies; reviewing 
and approving credit operations submitted to its resolution; approving credit and risk policy manuals; determine the resources that will be allocated 
periodically to provisions and penalties. 
Finance and Corporate Risk Committee: Committee in which the directors participate and whose objective is to monitor and control the credit risk 
profile and periodically monitor the evolution of adherence to risk tolerance, analyze the proposed measures when they reach critical levels and requests 
that the pertinent measures be adopted to prevent the limits established for such ratios from being exceeded. 
Credit Risk Management: Reports to the Corporate Risk Management and has the following objectives and responsibilities; execute the origination 
process under the tolerance framework and risk policies, collaborate with commercial teams in business configuration, monitoring of debtors, raising 
early warnings (visits, financial information, behavior, etc.) and execution of strategies defined. 
Credit resolution instances: The Bank has structured its credit approval process based on personal and non-delegable credit powers granted by the 
Board of Directors, Based on these credit faculties. The operations are approved at the different levels of the Administration, always requiring the 
concurrence of two executives with faculties. 
As the amount of the operation increases. It is approved by pairs of senior executives from both the commercial and risk areas and senior management 
committees, up to the highest instance that corresponds to the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors. 
Below you can see a matrix scheme of the main functions of credit risk: 
The credit risk environment is a continuous process in which various areas interact, whose functions are intertwined for the development of a governance 
and management chain. 
Main equipment and its functions 
Commercial teams / Risk Strategy: they evaluate and establish the initial credit configuration of the customers in accordance with the current policy 
framework, They are also responsible for collecting and validating information for credit evaluation and entry into the systems; resolve or recommend 
credit operations within the framework of its powers and the level of risk; verify course documentation and approval conditions; give permanent follow-
up and ensure the adequate qualification of its portfolio. 
Origination Risk: responsible for the execution and permanent optimization of the origination process, under the framework of tolerance, policies, and 
appetite for risk. This team must resolve or recommend credit operations within the framework of its powers and their risk level; ensure and execute an 
adequate integration to the monitoring and collection process; participate in the Strategic Risk, Tolerance, and Model Risk Councils and Credit 
Committees. 
Policies: responsible for the administration, drafting, renewal and adherence control of the Bank's policies, Credit policies are presented and authorized 
annually by the board of directors. 
Monitoring: responsible for monitoring the portfolio and its debtors, as well as adherence to risk strategies. 
 
Policies
Origin
Model 
factory
Risk
Appetite
Pricing and 
limits
Follow up
Capital
Data 
Management
Model 
Validation
Collections
Receives 
models
Defines 
prices and 
limits
RORAC
Sends 
business 
information
Reports for an
update
Generates 
hard limits
Reports and updates
Informs policies, 
closes/opens keys
Regulates data 
Improvement
Validates and 
provides 
approval
Reports and 
transfers 
accounts
Sends variables, 
receives models
Receives 
models
Improvers 
data
Delivers information 
for capital update
Change Management (Supports cultural change)
Governance
F-116

--- Page 419 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 114 
 
Rating: its function is to properly interpret the rating regulations for individual portfolio customers and ensure their correct application in the Bank. 
Likewise, the team must ensure the correct constitution of provisions for the individual portfolio. 
Prosecutor's Office: it is responsible for informing companies and powers of attorney of customers, legal entities, to act. You must generate 
documentation that allows the legal support of the operation courses (promissory notes, credit applications, etc.); report guarantees and prepare the 
necessary documentation and the correct constitution when appropriate. 
 
Collection: its function is to monitor and execute collection processes for customers with high delinquency. 
Model Factory: responsible for developing risk models to leverage comprehensive credit process decisions (origination, monitoring, and collection) 
and in all customer segments (Individuals, SMEs, and Wholesale & Investment Banking). Likewise, it must generate models for the management of 
non-financial risks, among which the prevention of asset laundering and operational risk management stand out. Likewise, the area is responsible for 
managing risk data. 
Comprehensive model risk management: unit that performs independent controls and tests to ensure that the models built for credit risk management 
meet the desired standards and the purpose for which they were designed. Likewise, it has the role of certifying the models associated with provisions 
for credit loss. 
Operations (ACA): responsible for ensuring that operations are processed in accordance with the criteria approved by the credit solver, validating, 
among other things, the validity, the margins, and the conditions.  
Exploitation of policies: area responsible for the margin loading processes and owner of the limit control systems. 
b) Credit risk measurement methodologies 
In accordance with the provisions of Chapter B1 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks, banks must permanently evaluate their 
portfolio of loans and contingent loans, to timely establish the necessary and sufficient provisions to cover the expected losses associated with the 
characteristics of debtors and their credits, which determine payment behavior and subsequent recovery. 
The Bank has a series of models that are applied depending on the type of portfolio and operations. These models are approved by the Board of Directors, 
who is informed annually of the sufficiency of provisions. In accordance with the standard, the provision models are divided into individual portfolio or 
group portfolio models. These models. As well as other management models, are managed through a mature governance structure, whose components 
are: 
● Policies and Regulations: clearly establish the roles and responsibilities of each unit involved in this process. The guiding principles are control 
by opposition and the fact that management is based on three lines of defense. These policies and regulations also establish the approval routes 
of the models according to their inherent risk. 
● Collegiate Structures: The different councils that officiate as approval instances, as well as where corrective and alignment measures are taken to 
guarantee the correct management of the risk implicit in the use of models are: the Technical Council of Models, the Council of Risk of Models, 
the Management Committee, and the Executive Committee (Board of Directors). The instances necessary for approval are determined by the 
Inherent Risk of the model to be approved. 
● Units participating in Model Management are divided into three lines of defense: 
- 
First Line: This line includes the teams that develop analytical solutions, monitor the implemented models, deploy said solutions (IT) in 
the Bank's systems, and the business units that use said results and integrate them into management. Its objective is to ensure the transparency 
and sustainability of the model throughout its life cycle. 
 
- 
Second Line: in this line is the Validation Unit, which with independent tests (proportional to the inherent risk of the model) ensures that 
the model was estimated without flaws and that it has an adequate methodological approach. It is concerned with carrying out tests to ensure 
the correct functioning of the model once it is productive, as well as compliance with the internal regulatory framework. Its goal is to 
challenge designed solutions. 
 
- 
Third Line: this function is performed by the Comptroller, it is responsible for ensuring that both the first and second lines adhere to the 
declared management framework, as well as the directions of the Regulator and internal policy. 
c) Credit risk appetite 
The risk appetite framework establishes the limits within which Management must execute the strategy and conduct the Bank’s business, optimizing the 
risk-return relationship. Through this, the aim is to understand the risks to which the Bank and its subsidiaries are exposed to manage them proactively. 
The conceptual framework of the risk appetite is defined based on the following elements: (1) Corporate risk tolerance statement, (2) Governance and 
monitoring of risk tolerance ratios and (3) Incorporation of the risk appetite in the key processes. 
Having a risk appetite framework makes it possible to ensure prudent and efficient risk taking and helps to conduct the strategy, through regular and 
systematic analysis of the evolution of material risks and timely communication of the risk profile to the High Administration and Directory. 
Different areas and committees of the Bank and its subsidiaries participated in the survey of risks and in the definition of the guiding principles and 
the dimensions and metrics for their control. 
The review of the appetite framework is a process that takes place annually. In accordance with the best practices and main risks present in the Bank and 
the financial system. Through this process, areas and dimensions of risk are identified, as well as emerging risks (based on the risk identification and 
assessment process). 
 
F-117

--- Page 420 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 115 
 
Additionally, there is a monthly follow-up and monitoring process of risk appetite ratios, where the following activities are distinguished: 
● 
Monitoring, review, and consolidation of risk tolerance reports of the Bank and subsidiaries. 
● Review and monitoring of action plans associated with ratios at risk. 
● 
Sending of results report to risk owners. 
● 
Monthly monitoring report of risk appetite ratios to the Risk Appetite Council and the corresponding executive-level committees (Profitability 
and Capital Adequacy Committee, Operational Risk Committee. Assets and Liabilities Committee, among others). 
● 
Submission of monthly appetite report to the Management Committee (CDD) and Directors. 
● 
Presentation of the status of corporate risk appetite and the status of current plans in the Finance and Risk Committee. 
 
 
Figure N° 1: Monthly follow-up scheme and monitoring of risk tolerance ratios  
 
 
The material risks managed under the appetite framework are as follows: Credit, market and counterparty, liquidity, operational, compliance, strategic, 
capital adequacy, reputational, models and ESG risk. 
In the case of credit risk, they correspond to the economic losses assumed by the Bank and its subsidiaries as a result of non-compliance with the 
contractual obligations assumed by the counterparties. It is the most relevant risk for the Bank and its subsidiaries, its full and detailed understanding is 
essential for proper performance. 
Compliance with the credit limit for related debtors according to Art,84 No. 2 of the General Law of Banks and RAN 12-4 
In accordance with article 84 of the General Bank Law, the relationship of related debtors that affects both natural and legal persons with the Bank 
occurs when: 
a) Has a direct, indirect or through third party participation in the property of the institution greater than or equal to 5% of the capital. 
b) Participates in the management of the entity: corresponding to those people who, without necessarily having an ownership interest, exercise some 
degree of control over the decisions of the entity or any of its subsidiaries, Directors, the general manager, the assistant general manager, 
managers and assistant managers, agents, and persons who are general attorneys-in-fact or serve as advisers to the board of directors, a committee 
of directors, or management, such as also the prosecutor, the chief lawyer, and the comptroller. 
The global limit for all loans granted to groups of people related to the Bank by ownership or management as of March 31, 2024, is 6.49%. 
 
Indicator Name 
Regulatory 
Limit 
March-24 
% On Equity 
March-24 
MCh$ 
Total exposure related by management or ownership 
100% 
6.49% 
541,139 
Maximum group exposure related to management or ownership (Not Collateralized) 
5% 
1.34% 
111,743 
e) Collateral Guarantees and other credit enhancements obtained 
The maximum exposure to credit risk is reduced by guarantees, credit enhancements and other actions that mitigate the Bank's exposure. Therefore, the 
constitution of guarantees in favor of the Bank is a necessary mechanism, but not sufficient for the granting of a loan; therefore, the acceptance of the 
risk by the Bank will require the verification of other variables such as the payment capacity or generation of resources to mitigate the risk incurred. 
The Bank has robust procedures for the management and valuation of its collateral guarantees, for which it has internal regulations, approved by the 
Corporate Risk Management. 
The BCI appraisal process is described below: 
The appraisal value corresponds to the value assigned to the asset to receive it as collateral, at the time the appraisal is requested, at a current market value, 
added to the risks of possible price fluctuations and difficulties in disposing of the asset in the event of having to be liquidated, due to default by the 
debtor. 
Therefore, the value obtained by the appraiser is given by taking into account the different records compiled for its evaluation, taking into account the 
real transaction values, "offer value according to the market", as well as complementary records of leases or manufacturing of goods, similar 
characteristics and conditions, existing in the market at the time of appraisal, excluding considerations based on mere expectations regarding the 
improvement of future conditions. 
 
Cascading and 
definition of limits
Monitoring
Mitigation 
Action Plan
Performance 
Report
Risk Appetite 
Review
Risk Appetite 
Statement
F-118

--- Page 421 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 116 
Appraisal Methodology 
The Bank uses various methodologies to determine the value of the appraisal, such as the comparative method or market value, depending on the type 
of asset to be appraised. 
Regardless of the valuation method used. The so-called "settlement value" will be generated, which will consider adjustments to the value of the collateral 
asset to incorporate in it some of the following aspects, which could affect its value in the future: 
● Expected depreciation or obsolescence 
● Price Fluctuation Risk 
● Execution expenses and marketing costs 
● Economic, social, health or war crisis 
Types of guarantees 
The guarantees can be grouped between real guarantees and personal guarantees, within the first ones are: 
● Property 
 
They are things that cannot be transported from one place to another, such as land, for example, things or objects that adhere permanently, to which they 
cannot be transported, such as solid material buildings, bridges, sewers, are also considered real estate, wells, tunnels, aqueducts, etc. 
● Movable property 
Under this denomination, transferable assets such as machinery, vehicles or any other asset of the company that does not comply with being real estate 
are understood. 
● Financial guarantees 
They correspond to representative documents of value such as term deposits, pledges on mutual funds, stand-by credit letter or other financial instruments 
whose issuers are recognized by the CMF. 
The so-called personal guarantees include guarantees and solidarity bonds granted by natural or legal persons to support credit operations of third parties. 
8. 
OPERATIONAL RISK 
Introduction 
BCI has adopted the Basel Committee's definition of Operational Risk, which defines it as the "risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal 
processes, personnel and systems or from external events". This definition includes technology risk, legal risk and regulatory compliance risk. 
Additionally, the Bank has considered reputational risk as an independent risk for management. 
 
Operational risk is a risk inherent to all banking products and services, processes and systems and accordingly, effective management of this risk is a 
critical component of the Bank's risk management program. 
 
Description of operational risk policies 
Our Operational Risk Policy establishes the management framework for this risk, which contains the necessary elements for its governance, executed 
through the actions of different committees defined in this policy, which aim to build a robust culture for effective management; through the process of 
identifying and managing risk on an ongoing basis; measuring; defining strategies for its mitigation; reporting and operational risk culture, establishing 
clear roles and responsibilities based on the three lines of defense approach. 
The principles of the policy are as follows: 
• 
The Board of Directors and senior management promote the generation of a healthy risk culture in all Bci's operational risk collaborators. 
• 
Bci has a framework for operational risk management consistent with the volume and complexity of its activities, which is implemented 
throughout the organization. 
• 
Bci manages operational risk based on the three lines of defense approach, where all employees assume and understand their roles and 
responsibilities with respect to operational risk management. 
• 
For Bci, operational risk management is a fundamental element for the achievement of the business strategy, by strengthening the internal 
control environment, we promote the generation and maintenance of safe, simple processes with effective controls to reduce losses, claims, 
operational and technological incidents, improve the customer experience, and protect BCI’s assets and reputation. 
 
The policy considers the guidelines and requirements established by the Financial Market Commission and the recommendations of the Basel Committee 
regarding good operational risk management practices. 
 
Operational risk management structure 
Governance is pivotal for a robust operational risk management and culture. Such governance is performed through the actions of different committees 
made up of directors, senior management and the management areas compromising management for daily management actions.  
 
The detail of the roles and responsibilities of the committees indicated in this policy are described in the bylaws approved and published by each 
particular committee. 
 
F-119

--- Page 422 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 117 
Committees formed by Directors: 
 
 
The committees formed by directors that have a direct relationship with operational risk management are as follows. 
Executive Committee of the Board of Directors:  
 
• 
Responsible for the approval of operational risk policies that address the relative importance of operational risks considering the volume and 
complexity of transactions and supervising their compliance.  
• 
Approval of the Risk Appetite.  
• 
Approval of the operational risk management strategy, understanding operational risk as a category different from traditional risks. 
• 
Foster the implementation of a definition of operational risk and recognize it as a risk that can be managed. 
 
Finance and Corporate Risk Committee: 
 
• 
Responsible for monitoring operational risks levels. 
 
Directors' Committee:  
 
• 
Takes cognizance of the operational risks reported by the Comptroller's Office, Non-Financial Risk Management, External Auditors and other 
sources, for which purpose it examines the action plans or measures that have been defined or are being implemented for such purposes. 
 
Operational and Technology Risk Committee:  
 
At the meeting of the Board of Directors of Bci, held on October 24, 2023, the directors agreed to create a new Operational and Technology Risk 
Committee. This Committee is composed of five Directors and is chaired by the Bank’s Chairman.  
 
This new committee is  responsible for reviewing the Bank's operational and technology risk management program, as well as the results from its 
performance.  
 
 The information is presented as follows: 
 
• 
Risk appetite evolution of indicators and management of action plans to ensure that risks are within the limits of the risk appetite established.  
• 
Operational and technology risk management programs, progress, results from performance, implementation of action for continuous improvement 
and risk reduction. 
 
Committees formed by Senior Management: 
The committees formed by the General Manager and/or first level managers reporting to the General Manager that have a direct relationship in the 
management of operational risk are as follows: 
Operational Risk and Information Security Committee 
 
• 
This committee is chaired by Bci's Chief Executive Officer and is responsible for operational risk management for the Bank and its subsidiaries.  
 
Corporate Compliance and Prevention Committee 
 
• 
Committee chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and responsible for the management of Corporate Compliance for the Bank and its Subsidiaries. 
 
Operational Risk and Information Security Committee of Banks  
 
• 
Committee chaired by the first level Manager reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of the Business and Support Units and responsible for 
operational risk management in each Business (Finance, Wholesale, Retail and MACH). 
 
Committees specializing in the management of specific operational risks 
The purpose of these committees is the specific and specialized management of operational risks: 
Information Security and Cybersecurity Committee:  
 
• 
Committee responsible for the governance of the information security and cybersecurity management system.  
 
Risk Management Committee for Outsourced Services:  
 
• 
Committee responsible for the governance of operational risk management in services provided to third parties and strategic suppliers.  
 
Corporate Business Continuity Risk Committee:  
 
• 
Committee responsible for the governance of business continuity management, disaster recovery plan and crisis management. 
Operational risk management in subsidiaries 
With respect to operational risk management in the subsidiaries, the operational risk work methodologies have been continuously reinforced with the 
risk management teams of the Bank's subsidiaries, who execute the risk management program in each subsidiary with an independent corporate 
governance, coordinated and aligned with the policies, risk appetite framework and corporate risk governance.  
 
F-120

--- Page 423 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 118 
Non-Financial Risk Management 
It is responsible for designing policies, programs, and methodologies for the adequate management of non-financial risk, understood as the different 
types of operational risks and compliance risks, among which are the prevention of money laundering and regulatory risks. The role of this management 
is to mobilize the execution of the activities of this risk management program, measure and monitor the level of risk independently from the first line, 
Responsible for the development of governance committees and the reporting of risk levels. 
Non-Financial Risk Management is actively involved in: 
• 
Operational Incident Management 
The Bank has systems, procedures, organization, and governance in place to identify operational incidents. assess their impact, mitigate their effects, 
monitor security and operations, and report them in a timely manner. Incidents are a source of root cause analysis and implementation of improvement 
plans, which are shared with the CMF. 
• 
Information Security and Cybersecurity 
An Information Security Management System has been implemented with the purpose of highlighting the relevance of data and information for the 
Bank. This management system provides the essential criteria and guidelines regarding the administration, custody and use of the information and means 
required for its treatment, in order to ensure its availability, confidentiality and integrity. 
 
The Information Security Management System has a specific policy, from which Information Security Regulations are derived, which form the regulatory 
framework that provides the Corporation's security guidelines on specific matters, emphasizing the controls, roles and responsibilities that all the Bank's 
units must implement to safeguard the information and associated resources.  
 
In addition, this security management system has been complemented by the use of the FFIEC's Cyber Security Assessment Tool (CAT), which allows 
the Bank to continuously measure the level of exposure to cybersecurity risk and the maturity of the controls required to keep such risks within acceptable 
levels. 
 
• 
Business continuity and crisis management 
The Bank has implemented a Business Continuity Management System within the framework of the Business Continuity Policy, in order to define the 
essential criteria and processes to be considered in the preparation, maintenance and testing of Business Continuity Plans, Disaster Recovery Plan and 
Crisis Management Plan, in order to limit the impacts of a disaster event, maintaining the service levels defined as tolerable for customers and the 
community. 
 
• 
Fraud Prevention 
 
External Fraud Prevention 
 
The Bank has implemented a fraud prevention strategy that safeguards the assets of our customers, the Bank and the Bank's reputation and image. For 
such purpose, processes, technologies, methodologies and analytical models are constantly reinforced to verify the identity of customers in a robust 
manner, to prevent, predict and detect fraud risks, to ensure, full compliance with current regulatory requirements and reinforce the culture and adherence 
to the ethical framework in the actions of the Bank's employees and its subsidiaries.  
 
The Bank's fraud risk strategy is also focused on establishing a healthy balance between the operational risk variables and customer experience, ensuring 
that customers have a memorable experience when using payment methods and banking services. 
 
Internal Fraud Prevention 
 
The Bank intends that its employees permanently live a culture of comprehensive fraud prevention, focused on the principles and values that the Bank 
has forged over time, based on a permanent rejection of any behavior that may break trust. 
 
For such purpose, continuous education on fraud issues is driven. A clear and determined attitude of zero tolerance to internal fraud helps prevent and 
face this type of risk. While searching for keeping a mitigated risk, we analyze unusual patterns of internal fraud risks, using robust predictive tools and 
models for prevention and detection of abnormal behaviors, which allow us to anticipate and timely detect non-compliance with regulations, bad 
practices, control weaknesses and possible internal frauds. 
• 
Operational risk management in outsourced services 
For making decisions to engage a service, operational risk aspects must be considered to prevent impacts, particularly for outsourced services, strategic 
or sensitive activities for the Bank's operations.  
 
For such purpose, a Risk Management Policy for Outsourced Services has been implemented, which establishes a process for the classification of 
outsourced services, evaluation and monitoring of services and suppliers, which allows managing the different risks in the services provided to third 
parties. 
• 
Insurance 
The Bank has risk mitigation programs through insurance policies that transfer the risk of high-severity losses. 
• 
Security procedures and controls 
The Bank has adequate security controls for the physical protection of cash, negotiable instruments, precious metals, and client assets. 
• 
Regulatory Risk Prevention: 
Regulatory management 
  
The Bank has implemented procedures, programs and processes that ensure that all its activities are perform strictly complying with applicable external 
and internal regulations, and regarding all the countries and jurisdictions in which it operates, contemplating the processes of control and continuous 
monitoring of the management of several risks such as Crime Prevention, which ensures due compliance with the Law on Criminal Liability of Legal 
Entities; the Protection of Free Competition; the Protection of Consumer Rights and the Protection of Personal Data. In addition, it has a continuous 
process for the review of new external regulations so that these are incorporated into the internal regulatory framework. 
 
F-121

--- Page 424 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 119 
 
Crime prevention program 
Bci has a crime prevention program certified by an independent organization, established in accordance with the provisions of Law No. 20,393 on 
Criminal Liability of Legal Entities, which establishes a corporate organization to prevent the commission of these and other crimes by some of the 
members of Bci, Therefore, it seeks to prevent and avoid the commission of behaviors described in this regulation and to guarantee that, in the event that 
any employee engages in any of these behaviors, he/she will do so not only in contradiction with the corporate culture, but also in spite of the efforts 
made by the company to prevent it. 
 
Program for the Protection of Free Competition 
The objective of the Program for the Protection of Free Competition is to avoid anti-competitive practices, which are established in DL 211, because 
they can delay the development of new goods and services, the efficient allocation of resources, the adequate satisfaction of needs, and the participation 
of new and better suppliers of goods and services in the different markets.  
Exposure to losses from Operational Risk events 
 
Figures are in millions of Chilean pesos and correspond to the accumulated between January and March 2024: 
Event type 
Net Loss 
Recovery 
Net recovery 
(loss) 
Internal fraud 
(31) 
1 
(30) 
External fraud 
(4,112) 
1,049 
(3,063) 
Labor practices and business safety 
(341) 
- 
(341) 
Customers, products and business practices 
(333) 
3 
(330) 
Damage to physical assets 
(44) 
66 
22 
Business interruption and system failures 
(112) 
2 
(110) 
Process execution, delivery and management 
(185) 
16 
(169) 
Totals 
(5,158) 
1,137 
(4,021) 
 
 
F-122

--- Page 425 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 120 
 
NOTE 48 – INFORMATION ON REGULATORY CAPITAL AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY RATIOS 
a) Regulatory capital strategy and objectives 
The management of the Bank's regulatory capital seeks to ensure: (i) a level of capital adequacy in the short, medium, and long term, (ii) a profitability 
commensurate with the risks assumed by the business units, (iii) compliance with strategic financial objectives and (iv) compliance with internal limits 
and the regulatory framework. 
To this end. The main ratios and metrics associated with capital management are periodically generated, analyzed, and reported to the relevant governing 
bodies (Profitability and Capital Adequacy Council, Executive Committee and Board of Directors) and the necessary action plans are drawn up. 
BCI defines its capital management objectives considering the level of effective equity that the entity considers necessary to maintain both now and, in 
the future, formally contemplated in its capital planning process and that is consistent with the risks inherent to its activity, to the economic environment 
in which it operates, its governance, risk management and control systems, its strategic business plan, the quality of the available assets and the real 
possibilities of obtaining greater own resources. 
As from December 31, 2023, the minimum regulatory capital requirement is 11.38%, in accordance with the transitory provisions applicable to the 
systemic charge and conservation buffer, indicated in the Basel III implementation schedule for Chile. 
 
Banco BCI´s minimum capital requirements as of March 31, 2024 under Basel III guidelines: 
 
Capital CET1 
Capital T1 
Capital T2 
Total Regulatory Capital 
Pillar I 
4.50 
1.50 
2.00 
8.00 
Pillar II 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Systemic charge (1) 
0.88 
0.00 
0.00 
0.88 
Conservation buffer (2) 
2.50 
0.00 
0.00 
2.50 
Countercyclical buffer 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Total 
7.88 
1.50 
2.00 
11.38 
(1) Systemic charge: considers the gradual incorporation (50% as of December 23) of the total charge of 1.75% of core capital with respect to total risk-weighted assets as established in 
the transitory provisions defined in chapter 21-11 of the RAN. 
(2) Transitional provisions for the conservation buffer are not considered, considering that they do not apply to compliance with the conditions required in chapter 1-13 of the RAN to 
maintain an A solvency rating. 
b) Policies and processes for capital management 
To achieve the objectives, regulatory capital management will be articulated based on the following essential elements, in line with chapter 21-13 of the 
RAN on the evaluation of the sufficiency of effective equity of banks: 
Identification and evaluation of risks: Senior Management must perform the corporate risk identification and evaluation process to assess the material 
risks to which the Bank and its subsidiaries are exposed. 
Tolerance framework: There must be a tolerance framework that ensures the conduct of business within the established and approved risk ranges. The 
most relevant risks must have limits and regular monitoring by Senior Management. 
Determination of an internal capital objective: The Bank must establish an internal capital objective higher than the minimum requirements 
established in article 66 of the LGB, which will be approved by the Board of Directors. 
Stress tests: There must be a corporate stress testing program that identifies possible vulnerabilities and allows analysis of the ability to generate results 
and the adequacy of capital under severe, low probability but plausible scenarios. Additionally, the bank must have capital recovery plans that allow it to 
meet the target solvency levels. 
Corporate strategic planning and monitoring process: The strategic planning process must be developed continuously considering a reflection and 
adaptation of the strategy, the prioritization of resource allocation, the definition of financial planning with a prospective vision, the setting of goals and 
the monitoring of strategic objectives. 
Monitoring and follow-up: Adequate monitoring and follow-up systems must be established for risk assessment that allow effective supervision of 
compliance with business plans and determine how the incidence of changes in the risk profile could translate into capital requirements, additional. 
Internal control: The internal control structure is a fundamental part of the capital evaluation process, Effective control over the capital evaluation 
process must incorporate an independent review, and when required, the involvement of internal auditors and/or an external audit firm. 
c) External capital requirement 
BCI manages the capital considering the definition of articles 66, 55 and 55bis of the LGB and chapter 21-1 of the RAN on equity for legal and regulatory 
purposes and is made up of basic capital (common equity tier 1 capital or CET1), additional tier 1 capital (AT1) and tier 2 capital (T2). 
 
The CET1 corresponds to subscribed and paid shares plus the other items that are part of the accounting equity of the banks, with a floor of 4.5% of the 
RWA. 
 
AT1 is defined in chapter 21-2 of the RAN and corresponds to preferred shares and bonds without a fixed maturity date, subordinated to T2 and subject 
to capitalization, depreciation and re-appreciation or expiration, depending on the issuance conditions. The LGB imposes a floor of 6% of the RWAs 
for Tier 1 capital (CET1+AT1). 
T2 is made up of fixed-term bonds, subordinated to other obligations, for up to 50% of CET1, plus voluntary provisions (whatever exceeds the specific 
ones) for up to 1,25% of APRC, net of required provisions, when the banks use standardized methodologies to calculate the denominator, or 0.625%, in 
the case of using their own methodologies. 
 
The minimum effective regulatory capital is specific to each bank and depends on the base capital requirement. Its systemic quality (systemic charge) 
and the additional capital required for the assessment of the adequacy of effective capital (Pillar 2). 
 
On top of this specific minimum for each bank, basic capital buffers are added: the conservation and counter-cyclical buffer for solvency level A 
classification. 
 
 
F-123

--- Page 426 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 121 
 
On March 31, 2024, the CMF approved to maintain the systemic quality of six banks in Chile, of which the Bank is among them. This rating is governed 
by requirements framed in RAN 21-11, which considers a systemic importance index per entity, the factors considered are the following: 
 
• Bank size 
• Interconnection with other financial entities 
• Difficulty of replacing the Bank in the provision of financial services 
• Complexity of its business model and operating structure 
 
For the Bank, the additional core capital charge was maintained at 1.75%. These requirements are applied gradually, so that the additional core capital 
charges due in December 2023 will be equivalent to 50% of such percentage. 
 
Additionally, on May 23, 2023, the board of the Central Bank of Chile, at its financial policy meeting, agreed to activate the countercyclical capital 
requirement at a level of 0.5% of risk-weighted assets; this requirement will be enforceable within one year and must be included in the May 2024 
solvency report. The requirement is activated in accordance with the capital standards implemented by Basel III, which are in line with the provisions 
of the third paragraph of RAN 21-12, which frames the provisions of Article 66 ter of the General Banking Law. 
 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, total assets, risk-weighted assets, and components of effective equity are as follows: 
No. 
Item Description 
N° 
Item Description 
Global  
Consolidated 
Global  
Consolidated 
Local 
Consolidated 
Local 
Consolidated 
03-31-2024 
12-31-2023 
03-31-2024 
12-31-2023 
% 
% 
% 
% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
Leverage Indicator (T1_I18/T1_I7) 
7.377 
7.368 
6.613 
6.849 
1.b 
Leverage indicator that the bank must meet, considering the minimum requirements 
3.000 
3.000 
3.000 
3.000 
2 
Basic capital indicator (T1_I18/T1_I11.b) 
11.090 
11.079 
9.728 
10.098 
2.a 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital indicator that the bank must meet 
5.375 
5.375 
5.375 
5.375 
2.b 
Capital buffer shortfall 
0.000 
0.000 
0.000 
0.000 
3 
Tier 1 capital indicator (T1_I25/T1_I11.b) 
11.967 
11.079 
10.984 
10.098 
3.a 
Level 1 capital indicator that the bank must meet, considering the minimum requirements 
6.000 
6.000 
6.000 
6.000 
4 
Effective equity indicator (T1_I31/T1_I11.b) 
15.084 
14.421 
15.433 
14.757 
4.1 
Effective equity indicator that the bank must meet, considering the minimum requirements 
8.000 
8.000 
8.000 
8.000 
4.b 
Effective equity indicator that the bank must comply with, considering the charges for article 35 bis, if applicable 
8.875 
8.875 
8.875 
8.875 
4.c 
Effective equity indicator that the bank must meet, considering the minimum requirements, the conservation buffer, and 
the cyclical buffer 
9.875 
9.875 
9.875 
9.875 
5 
Solvency rating (Level A, B or C) 
A 
A 
A 
A 
 
 
 
 
Regulatory compliance indicators for solvency 
 
 
6 
Voluntary provisions (additional) imputed in Tier 2 capital (T2) in relation to APRC (T1_I26 /(T1_I8.a or 8.b )) 
0.774 
0.856 
1.157 
1.212 
7 
Subordinated bonds imputed in capital level 2 (T2) in relation to basic capital 
22.220 
23.647 
36.294 
36.531 
8 
Tier 1 additional capital (AT1) in relation to basic capital (T1_I24/T1_I18) 
7.907 
0.000 
12.915 
0.000 
9 
Voluntary provisions (additional) and subordinated bonds that are charged to additional tier 1 capital (AT1) in relation 
to RWAs ((T1_I19+T1_I 20)/ T1_I11.b) 
0.000 
0.000 
0.000 
0.000 
 
 
Global 
Consolidated 
Global 
Consolidated  
Local  
Consolidated 
Local 
Consolidated 
03-31-2024 
12-31-2023 
03-31-2024 
12-31-2023 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
1 
Total assets according to the statement of financial position 
 86,363,789  
 79,301,150  
 63,239,226  
 58,604,114  
2 
Investment in subsidiaries that are not consolidated 
 -  
 -  
 2,593,531  
 2,194,630  
3 
Assets discounted from regulatory capital, other than item 2 
 719,675  
 625,736  
 464,172  
 413,059  
4.a 
Financial derivatives 
 9,500,296  
 8,000,370  
 9,419,257  
 7,940,817  
4.b 
Credit Equivalents 
 2,857,440  
 2,488,995  
 2,692,382  
 2,355,274  
5 
contingent loans 
 5,203,224  
 5,130,516  
 4,054,263  
 4,106,104  
6 
Assets generated by the intermediation of financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
7 
= (1-2-3-4a+4b+5-6) Total assets for regulatory purposes 
 84,204,482  
 78,294,555  
 57,508,911  
 54,516,986  
8.a 
Assets weighted by credit risk, estimated according to the standard methodology (APRC) 
 47,241,608  
 43,894,152  
 31,023,914  
 29,628,033  
8.b 
Assets weighted by credit risk, estimated according to internal methodologies (APRC) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
9 
Assets weighted by market risk (APRM) 
 4,487,560  
 3,965,708  
 4,509,218  
 3,859,249  
10 
Assets weighted by operational risk (APRO) 
 4,281,252  
 4,203,656  
 3,559,538  
 3,490,709  
11th 
= (8.a/ 8.b +9+10) Risk-Weighted Assets (APR) 
 56,010,420  
 52,063,516  
 39,092,670  
 36,977,991  
11.b 
= (8.a/ 8.b +9+10) Risk-weighted assets, after applying the output floor (APR) 
 56,010,420  
 52,063,516  
 39,092,670  
 36,977,991  
12 
owners' assets 
 6,550,229  
 6,065,795  
 6,550,229  
 6,065,795  
13 
Non-controlling interest 
 1,874  
 1,581  
 3  
 2  
14 
Goodwill 
 177,587  
 158,641  
 20,715  
 18,982  
15 
Excess minority investments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
16 
= (12+13-14-15) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (CET1) 
 6,374,516  
 5,908,735  
6,529,517  
 6,046,815  
17 
Additional deductions to ordinary capital level 1, other than item 2 
 162,934  
 140,375  
 133,038  
 118,224  
18 
= (16-17-2) Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
 6,211,582  
 5,768,360  
 3,802,948  
 3,733,961  
19 
Voluntary provisions (additional) imputed as additional capital level 1 (AT1) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
20 
Subordinated bonds imputed as additional capital level 1 (AT1) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
- 
21 
Preferred shares allocated to additional tier 1 capital (AT1) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
22 
Bonds without a fixed term of maturity imputed to additional capital level 1 (AT1) 
491,140 
 -  
 491,140  
 -  
23 
Discounts applied to AT1 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
24 
= (19+20+21+22-23) Additional tier 1 capital (AT1) 
491,140 
 -  
 491,140  
- 
25 
= (18+24) Capital level 1 
6,702,722 
 5,768,360  
 4,294,088  
 3,733,961  
26 
Voluntary provisions (additional) imputed as Tier 2 capital (T2) 
 365,536  
 375,900  
 359,000  
 359,000  
27 
Subordinated bonds imputed as Tier 2 capital (T2) 
 1,380,232  
 1,364,048  
 1,380,232  
 1,364,048  
28 
Equivalent tier 2 capital (T2) 
 1,745,768  
 1,739,948  
 1,739,232  
 1,723,048  
29 
Discounts applied to T2 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
30 
= (28-29) Tier 2 capital (T2) 
 1,745,768  
 1,739,948  
 1,739,232  
 1,723,048  
31 
= (25+30) Effective equity 
 8,448,490  
 7,508,308  
 6,033,320  
 5,457,009  
32 
Additional basic capital required for the constitution of the conservation buffer 
 1,050,195  
 976,191  
 732,988  
 693,337  
33 
Additional basic capital required to set up the countercyclical buffer 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
34 
Additional basic capital required for banks qualified as systemic 
 980,182  
 911,112  
 684,122  
 647,115  
35 
Additional capital required for the evaluation of the adequacy of effective equity (Pillar 2) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
F-124

--- Page 427 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and the periods ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Interim Consolidated Financial Statements March 2024 / 122 
NOTE 49 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
Between April 1, 2024 and the date of issuance of these Interim Consolidated Financial Statements, there have been no other subsequent events that may 
affect the presentation of these Interim Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Alfredo Mendoza Osorio 
Eugenio Von Chrismar Carvajal  
Chief Accounting Officer 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
F-125

--- Page 428 ---
F-126

--- Page 429 ---
ERROR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022  
 
 
CONTENT 
 
Consolidated Statements of  Financial Position  
Consolidated Statements of Income 
Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity  
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-127

--- Page 430 ---
© KPMG Auditores Consultores Limitada, a Chilean limited liability company
(sociedad de responsabilidad limitada) and a member firm of the KPMG global 
organization of independent members firms affiliated with KPMG International 
Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved.
Santiago
Av. Presidente Riesco 5685, 
piso 15, Las Condes 
 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
 
 
The Shareholders and Directors of  
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones: 
 
Opinion 
 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Banco de Crédito e Inversiones 
and its Subsidiaries, which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position as of December 31, 
2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income, other comprehensive income, 
changes in equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated 
financial statements. 
 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material 
respects, the financial position of Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 
2023 and 2022, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in 
accordance with accounting standards and instructions issued by the Chilean Financial Market 
Commission. 
 
Basis for the opinion 
 
We conducted our audits in accordance with Auditing Standards Generally Accepted in Chile. Our 
responsibilities under those standards are further described in paragraphs under section "Auditors 
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements" of our report. We are independent 
of Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and its Subsidiaries in accordance with the ethical requirements that 
are relevant to our audits of the consolidated financial statements, and we have fulfilled our ethical 
responsibilities in accordance with these and other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these 
requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide 
a basis for our audit opinion. 
 
Management's responsibility for the consolidated financial statements 
 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial 
statements in accordance with the standards and instructions provided by the Chilean Financial Market 
Commission. This responsibility includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control 
relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, Management is responsible for assessing whether 
events or conditions exist, which, considered as a whole, may cast significant doubt as to Banco de 
Crédito e Inversiones and its Subsidiaries' ability to continue as a going concern for, at least, twelve 
months from the reporting period, without limiting to such period. 
F-128

--- Page 431 ---
© KPMG Auditores Consultores Limitada, a Chilean limited liability company (sociedad de responsabilidad limitada) and a member firm of the KPMG 
global organization of independent members firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights
reserved.
 
 
Auditors' responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements 
 
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as 
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors' 
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a 
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Generally Accepted Auditing Standards in Chile will 
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement 
resulting from fraud is higher than for the one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, 
intentional omissions, concealment, mis representations or Management's override of controls. A 
misstatement is considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, it could influence the judgment of a 
reasonable user of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
As part of an audit conducted in accordance with Generally Accepted Auditing Standards in Chile, we 
also: 
 
• 
Exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. 
• 
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, 
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. 
Those procedures include an examination, on a test basis, of evidence supporting the amounts and 
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 
• 
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the 
effectiveness of the internal control of Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and its Subsidiaries. 
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
• 
We evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant 
accounting estimates made by Management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the 
consolidated financial statements. 
• 
We conclude whether, in our judgment, events or conditions exist that may cast significant doubt on 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and Subsidiaries' ability to continue as a going concern for a 
reasonable period of time. 
 
We are required to communicate to those charged with governance, among other matters, the planned 
timing and scope of the audit, and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies and 
material weaknesses in internal control that we identified during our audit. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ernesto Guzman V. 
KPMG Ltda. 
 
Santiago, February 27, 2024 
F-129

--- Page 432 ---
Table of contents 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF  FINANCIAL POSITION ........................................................................................................................................................................... 1 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME ..................................................................................................................................................................................................... 3 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME .................................................................................................................................................... 4 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY ............................................................................................................................................................................. 5 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS ........................................................................................................................................................................................... 6 
NOTE 1 – REPORTING ENTITY .............................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 8 
NOTE 2 – BASIS OF ACCOUNTING ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 8 
NOTE 3 – NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS ISSUED AND ADOPTED, OR ISSUED BUT NOT YET ADOPTED ...................................................................... 27 
NOTE 4 – ACCOUNTING CHANGES ................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 31 
NOTE 5 – SIGNIFICANT EVENTS ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................ 32 
NOTE 6 – BUSINESS SEGMENTS ......................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 34 
NOTE 7 – CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ..................................................................................................................................................................................................... 36 
NOTE 8 – FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD FOR TRADING AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS .................................................................................................. 36 
NOTE 9 – FINANCIAL ASSETS NOT HELD FOR TRADING MANDATORILY MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS .................................... 37 
NOTE 10 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS ...................................................................................................... 37 
NOTE 11 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ...................................................................................................... 38 
NOTE 12 – FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES CONTRACT FOR ACCOUNTING HEDGE ...................................................................................................................................... 39 
NOTE 13 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTIZED COST ................................................................................................................................................................................. 44 
NOTE 14 – INVESTMENTS IN COMPANIES ....................................................................................................................................................................................................... 60 
NOTE 15 – INTANGIBLE ASSETS ........................................................................................................................................................................................................................ 61 
NOTE 16 – PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................................................................................................................................... 63 
NOTE 17 – RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES ...................................................................................................................................................................... 64 
NOTE 18 – CURRENT TAXES AND DEFERRED TAXES .................................................................................................................................................................................. 65 
NOTE 19 – OTHER ASSETS ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 69 
NOTE 20 – NON-CURRENT ASSETS AND DISPOSAL GROUP HELD FOR SALE AND LIABILITIES INCLUDED IN DISPOSAL GROUP HELD FOR SALE ........... 69 
NOTE 21 – FINANCIAL LIABILITIES HELD FOR TRADING AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS ........................................................................................ 70 
NOTE 22 – FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT AMORTIZED COST ........................................................................................................................................................................ 71 
NOTE 23 – REGULATORY CAPITAL FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED ................................................................................................................................................. 76 
NOTE 24 – PROVISIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES .............................................................................................................................................................................................. 77 
NOTE 25 – PROVISIONS FOR DIVIDENDS. INTEREST PAYMENTS AND REVALUATION OF REGULATORY CAPITAL FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ................ 78 
NOTE 26 – SPECIAL PROVISIONS FOR CREDIT LOSS .................................................................................................................................................................................... 79 
NOTE 27 – OTHER LIABILITIES .......................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 80 
NOTE 28 – EQUITY................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 80 
NOTE 29 – CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS ....................................................................................................................................................................................... 83 
NOTE 30 – INTEREST INCOME AND EXPENSES .............................................................................................................................................................................................. 85 
NOTE 31 – INFLATION-INDEXATION INCOME AND EXPENSES ................................................................................................................................................................. 86 
NOTE 32 – FEE INCOME AND EXPENSES ......................................................................................................................................................................................................... 87 
NOTE 33 – NET FINANCE INCOME (EXPENSE) ................................................................................................................................................................................................ 88 
NOTE 34 – INCOME FROM INVESTMENTS IN COMPANIES .......................................................................................................................................................................... 89 
NOTE 35 – INCOME FROM NON-CURRENT ASSETS AND DISPOSAL GROUPS HELD FOR SALE NOT ADMISSIBLE AS DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS ......... 89 
NOTE 36 – OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES ............................................................................................................................................................................ 90 
NOTE 37 – EXPENSES FOR EMPLOYEE BENEFITS OBLIGATIONS .............................................................................................................................................................. 91 
NOTE 38 – ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES ......................................................................................................................................................................................................... 91 
NOTE 39 – DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION ......................................................................................................................................................................................... 92 
NOTE 40 – IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS ................................................................................................................................................................................ 92 
NOTE 41 – EXPENSES FOR CREDIT LOSSES .................................................................................................................................................................................................... 93 
NOTE 42 – PROFIT OR LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS ............................................................................................................................................................ 94 
NOTE 43 – RELATED PARTIES DISCLOSURES ................................................................................................................................................................................................ 95 
NOTE 44 – FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES ........................................................................................................................................................... 99 
NOTE 45 – MATURITY OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AS PER THEIR REMAINING TERMS .......................................................................................... 102 
NOTE 46 – FINANCIAL AND NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES BY CURRENCY ................................................................................................................ 103 
NOTE 47 – RISK MANAGEMENT AND REPORTING ...................................................................................................................................................................................... 105 
NOTE 48 – INFORMATION ON REGULATORY CAPITAL AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY RATIOS ........................................................................................................... 127 
NOTE 49 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS ................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 129 
 
F-130

--- Page 433 ---
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 1 
 
 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022   
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
 
 
Note 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
Cash and bank deposits 
7 
 3,619,715  
4,256,396 
Transactions in the course of collection 
7 
 475,440  
404,209 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 7,088,697  
7,680,615 
Financial derivative contracts 
8 
 6,000,937  
6,770,653 
Debt financial instruments 
8 
 974,506  
770,101 
Other 
8 
 113,254  
139,861 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
9 
 58,963  
71,282 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
10 
 -  
- 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
 8,991,137  
10,477,361 
Debt financial instruments 
11 
 8,991,137  
10,477,361 
Other 
11 
 -  
- 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
12 
 1,999,433  
1,788,851 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
 
 53,769,837  
49,830,891 
Rights for reverse repurchase agreements and securities lending 
13 
 207,114  
182,061 
Debt securities 
13 
 4,322,383  
3,581,998 
Loans and advances to banks 
13 
 680,190  
767,700 
Loans and receivables from customers - Commercial 
13 
 31,940,712  
29,276,944 
Loans and receivables from customers - Mortgage 
13 
 13,740,355  
12,809,381 
Loans and receivables from customers - Consumer 
13 
 2,879,083  
3,212,807 
Investments in companies 
14 
 163,136  
175,736 
Intangible assets 
15 
 446,546  
411,009 
Property and equipment 
16 
 253,614  
249,105 
Right-of-use assets 
17 
 143,886  
152,886 
Current tax assets 
18 
 159,318  
138,066 
Deferred tax assets 
18 
 492,461  
482,714 
Other assets 
19 
 1,592,985  
1,895,064 
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale 
20 
 45,985  
34,934 
TOTAL ASSETS 
 
 79,301,153  
78,049,119 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes Nos, 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-131

--- Page 434 ---
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 2 
 
 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022  
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
 
 
Note 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
LIABILITIES 
 
Transactions in the course of payment 
7 
 429,959  
330,138 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
21 
 5,625,481  
6,584,736 
Financial derivative contracts 
21 
 5,625,481  
6,584,736 
Other 
21 
 -  
- 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
10 
 -  
- 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
12 
 2,535,841  
2,590,468 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
 
 59,937,499  
59,760,444 
Deposits and other on-demand liabilities 
22 
 23,810,298  
24,122,165 
Deposits and other term deposits 
22 
 18,442,271  
18,245,965 
Liabilities for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
22 
 706,623  
384,883 
Bank borrowings 
22 
 7,125,985  
6,661,071 
Debt financial instruments issued 
22 
 8,112,510  
8,107,260 
Other financial liabilities 
22 
 1,739,812  
2,239,100 
Lease liabilities 
17 
 129,349  
136,448 
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
23 
 1,551,291  
1,499,299 
Provisions for contingencies 
24 
 199,775  
227,716 
Provisions for dividends, payment of interests and revaluation of regulatory capital financial 
instruments issued 
 
25 
 204,740  
246,247 
Special provisions for credit loss 
26 
 452,398  
491,055 
Current taxes 
18 
 33,659  
17,493 
Deferred taxes 
18 
 2,106  
1,612 
Other liabilities 
27 
 2,131,679  
1,386,662 
Liabilities included in disposal groups held for sale 
20 
 -  
- 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 
 73,233,777  
73,272,318 
 
 
EQUITY 
 
Share capital 
28 
 5,383,715  
4,225,332 
Reserves 
28 
 -  
(26,640) 
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
28 
 204,352  
2,211 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
28 
 395  
(182) 
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss 
28 
 203,957  
2,393 
Retained earnings from prior years 
28 
 -  
- 
Profit for the year 
28 
 682,468  
820,822 
Less: Provisions for dividends, payment of interests and revaluation of regulatory capital financial 
instruments issued 
 
28 
 (204,740) 
(246,247) 
Owners of the bank 
28 
 6,065,795  
4,775,478 
Non-controlling interests 
28 
 1,581  
1,323 
TOTAL EQUITY 
 
 6,067,376  
4,776,801 
 
 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 
79,301,153 
78,049,119 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes Nos, 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-132

--- Page 435 ---
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 3 
 
 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022  
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
 
  
  
  
 Note 
December 31 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
  
  
 
 
Interest income 
  
 4,102,634  
 2,903,692  
Interest expenses 
  
 (2,539,336) 
(1,343,274) 
Net interest income 
30 
 1,563,298  
 1,560,418  
  
  
 
  
Inflation-indexation income 
  
 884,492  
 1,476,901  
Inflation-indexation expenses 
  
 (426,479) 
(727,603) 
Net inflation-indexation income 
31 
 458,013  
 749,298  
  
  
 
  
Fee income 
  
 512,405  
 508,328  
Fee expense 
  
 (171,600) 
 (141,417) 
Net fee income 
32 
 340,805  
 366,911  
  
  
 
  
Finance income for: 
 
 
  
Financial assets and liabilities held for trading 
  
 247,786  
 23,774  
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
  
 (13,750) 
 (24,090) 
Financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
  
 -  
 -  
Loss (income) arising from derecognition of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized cost 
and financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
  
 (12,105) 
 8,399  
Foreign currency changes. Inflation-indexation, and hedge accounting 
  
 (141,510) 
 (56,135) 
Reclassification of financial assets due to change in business model 
  
 -  
 -  
Other finance income 
  
 -  
 -  
Net finance income (expense) 
33 
 80,421  
 (48,052) 
  
  
 
  
Income from investments in companies 
34 
 16,018  
 7,404  
Income from non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale not admissible as discontinued 
operations 
35 
 10,232  
9,702  
Other operating income 
36 
 51,542  
 53,406  
TOTAL OPERATING INCOME 
  
 2,520,329  
2,699,087  
  
  
 
 
Expenses for employee benefit obligations 
37 
 (665,866) 
 (638,989) 
Administrative expenses 
38 
 (498,105) 
 (422,520) 
Depreciation and amortization 
39 
 (113,016) 
 (113,643) 
Impairment of non-financial assets 
40 
 (2,547) 
 (21,009) 
Other operating expenses 
36 
 (23,565) 
 (96,153) 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
  
 (1,303,099) 
(1,292,314) 
  
  
 
  
OPERATING INCOME BEFORE CREDIT LOSSES 
  
1,217,230 
1,406,773 
  
  
 
 
Credit loss expense for: 
  
 
 
Provisions for credit loss of loans and advances to banks and loans and receivables from customers 
  
 (508,542) 
(484,580) 
Special provisions for credit loss 
  
 39,126  
 (81,910) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
  
 77,158  
 78,217  
Impairment due to credit loss of other financial assets at amortized cost and financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
  
 (6,997) 
(6,597) 
Credit loss expense 
41 
 (399,255) 
(494,870) 
  
  
 
 
OPERATING PROFIT 
817,975 
911,903 
  
  
 
  
Profit from continuing operations before tax 
  
 817,975  
 911,903  
Income tax 
 18  
 (135,404)
 (90,879) 
 
 
 
 
Profit from continuing operations after tax 
  
682,571 
821,024 
  
  
 
  
Profit from discontinued operations before tax 
  
 -  
- 
Discontinued operations tax 
42 
 -  
- 
  
  
 
 
Profit from discontinued operations after tax 
  
 -  
- 
  
  
 
  
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
  
682,571 
821,024 
Attributable to: 
  
 
 
Owners of the Bank 
  
 682,468  
820,822 
Non-controlling interests 
  
 103  
202 
Earnings per share: 
  
 
 
Basic earnings 
  
3,639 
5,664 
Diluted earnings 
  
3,639 
5,664 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes Nos, 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements, 
F-133

--- Page 436 ---
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 4 
 
 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
For the year ended as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
 
  
  
  
Note 
December 31 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
 
682,571 
821,024 
  
 
 
  
Other comprehensive income from the period: 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
ITEMS THAT WILL NOT BE RECLASSIFIED TO PROFIT OR LOSS 
 
 
  
Remeasurements of defined benefit liability (asset) and actuarial results for other employee benefit 
plans 
28 
91 
 (132) 
Changes in fair value of equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income 
28 
486 
 (50) 
Movements in fair value of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss attributable to 
changes in the credit risk of the financial liability 
 
 
 -  
 -  
Other 
 
 -  
 -  
  
 
 
  
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME THAT WILL NOT BE RECLASSIFIED TO 
INCOME BEFORE TAX 
 
577 
(182)  
  
 
 
 
Income tax on other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
- 
- 
  
 
 
 
TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME THAT WILL NOT BE RECLASSIFIED TO 
PROFIT OR LOSS AFTER TAX 
28 
577 
(182) 
  
 
 
 
ITEMS THAT MAY BE RECLASSIFIED TO PROFIT OR LOSS 
 
 
 
Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
28 
 130,117  
 (384,996) 
Translation differences for foreign operations 
28 
 73,469  
 (19,997) 
Hedge of net investments in foreign operations 
 
 -  
 -  
Cash flow hedges 
28 
 33,086  
 (36,129) 
Undesignated items of accounting hedge instruments 
 
 -  
 -  
Other 
 
 -  
 -  
  
 
 
  
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME THAT MAY BE RECLASSIFIED TO PROFIT OR 
LOSS BEFORE TAX 
28 
236,672 
(441,122) 
  
 
 
 
Income tax on other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to profit or loss 
28 
(35,108) 
154,260 
  
 
 
  
TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME THAT MAY BE RECLASSIFIED TO 
PROFIT OR LOSS AFTER TAX 
28 
201,564 
(286,862) 
 
 
  
TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
 
202,141 
(287,044) 
 
 
  
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE CONSOLIDATED YEAR ENDED  
 
884,712 
533,980 
Attributable to: 
  
 
  
Owners of the Bank 
  
 884,609  
 533,778  
Non-controlling interests 
  
 103  
 202  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes Nos, 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-134

--- Page 437 ---
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 5 
 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
For the year ended as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
 
 
Equity attributable to owners 
Non- 
controlling 
interests 
Total 
equity 
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
Total 
Retained earnings 
Share capital 
Reserves 
Re-measurement of net 
defined benefit 
liabilities (assets) 
Net changes in fair value of 
equity instruments at fair 
value through other 
comprehensive income 
 
Changes in fair value of 
financial assets at fair 
value through other 
comprehensive income 
 
Translation 
differences for 
foreign operations 
 
 
Cash flow hedges 
 
 
Income tax 
 
Retained 
earnings 
 
Profit for 
the year 
 
Provision for 
minimum 
dividends 
 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Closing balances as of December 31, 2021 
3,862,386 
(26,806) 
- 
- 
(242,905) 
405,367 
177,037 
(36,959) 
302,540 
- 
520,391 
(156,117) 
4,502,394 
1,400 
4,503,794 
Effects of changes in accounting policies 
3,706 
(13,285) 
(13,285) 
- 
- 
- 
(9,579) 
- 
(9,579) 
As of January 1, 2022 
3,862,386 
(23,100) 
- 
- 
(256,190) 
405,367 
177,037 
(36,959) 
289,255 
- 
520,391 
(156,117) 
4,492,815 
1,400 
4,494,215 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer to retained earnings 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
520,391 
(520,391) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other equity movements 
- 
(3,540) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(3,540) 
(279) 
(3,819) 
Common shares issued with release of capitalization payment 
362,946 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(362,946) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Payment of ordinary share dividends 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(157,445) 
- 
156,117 
(1,328) 
- 
(1,328) 
Provision for payment of ordinary share dividends 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(246,247) 
(246,247) 
- 
(246,247) 
Subtotal of transactions with the owners in the period 
4,225,332 
(26,640) 
- 
- 
(256,190) 
405,367 
177,037 
(36,959) 
289,255 
- 
- 
(246,247) 
4,241,700 
1,121 
4,242,821 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
820,822 
- 
820,822 
202 
821,024 
Other comprehensive income 
- 
- 
(132) 
(50) 
(384,996) 
(19,997) 
(36,129) 
154,260 
(287,044) 
- 
- 
- 
(287,044) 
- 
(287,044) 
Subtotal comprehensive income 
- 
- 
(132) 
(50) 
(384,996) 
(19,997) 
(36,129) 
154,260 
(287,044) 
- 
820,822 
- 
533,778 
202 
533,980 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Closing balance as of December 31, 2022 
4,225,332 
(26,640) 
(132) 
(50) 
(641,186) 
385,370 
140,908 
117,301 
2,211 
- 
820,822 
(246,247) 
4,775,478 
1,323 
4,776,801 
Effects of changes in accounting policies 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
As of January 1, 2023 
4,225,332 
(26,640) 
(132) 
(50) 
(641,186) 
385,370 
140,908 
117,301 
2,211 
- 
820,822 
(246,247) 
4,775,478 
1,323 
4,776,801 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transfer to retained earnings 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 820,822  
 (820,822) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other equity movements 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 155  
 155  
Common shares subscribed and fully paid 
 617,457  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 617,457  
 -  
 617,457  
Common shares issued with release of capitalization payment 
 540,926  
 26,640  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (567,566) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Payment of ordinary share dividends 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (253,256) 
 -  
 246,247  
 (7,009) 
 -  
 (7,009) 
Provision for payment of ordinary share dividends 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (204,740) 
 (204,740) 
 -  
 (204,740) 
Subtotal of transactions with the owners in the period 
 5,383,715  
 -  
 (132) 
 (50) 
 (641,186) 
 385,370  
 140,908  
 117,301  
 2,211  
 -  
 -  
 (204,740) 
 5,181,186  
 1,478  
 5,182,664  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profit for the year 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 682,468  
 -  
 682,468  
 103  
 682,571  
Other comprehensive income 
 -  
 -  
 91  
 486  
 130,117  
 73,469  
 33,086  
 (35,108) 
 202,141  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 202,141  
 -  
 202,141  
Subtotal comprehensive income 
 -  
 -  
 91  
 486  
 130,117  
 73,469  
 33,086  
 (35,108) 
 202,141  
 -  
 682,468  
 -  
 884,609  
 103  
 884,712  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Closing balance as of December 31, 2023 
 5,383,715  
 -  
 (41) 
 436  
 (511,069) 
 458,839  
 173,994  
 82,193  
 204,352  
 -  
 682,468  
 (204,740) 
 6,065,795  
 1,581  
 6,067,376  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes Nos, 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-135

--- Page 438 ---
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 6 
 
 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
For the year ended as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
 
 
Note 
December 31 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
A) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT BEFORE TAX FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
 
817,975 
911,903 
Debit (credit) to profit or loss that do not represent movements in cash flows 
 
Depreciation and amortization 
39 
 113,016  
 113,643  
Impairment of non-financial assets 
40 
 2,547  
 21,009  
Provisions for credit loss 
 
 469,416  
 566,490  
Adjustment to market value of financial instruments 
 
 (34,621) 
 (8,837) 
Net loss on investment in companies 
34 
 (16,018) 
 (7,404) 
Net loss on sale of assets received in payment 
35 
 (2,769) 
 (186) 
Net loss on sale of property and equipment 
35 
 (823) 
 (96) 
Net gain on sale of property and equipment 
35 
 1  
 312  
Write-off of assets received in payment 
35 
 2,080  
 1,160  
Net interest income 
30 
 (1,563,298) 
 (1,560,418) 
Net inflation-indexation income 
31 
 (458,013) 
 (749,298) 
Net fee income 
32 
 (340,805) 
 (366,911) 
Other debit (credit) that do not represent movements in cash flows 
 
 183,503  
 94,640  
Changes due to increases/decreases in operating assets and liabilities: 
 
(Increase) decrease in loans and advances to banks 
 
 94,266  
 (120,952) 
(Increase) decrease in loans and receivables from customers 
 
 (3,357,856) 
 (3,819,805) 
(Increase) decrease in financial investments 
 
 (1,243,367) 
 (614,208) 
Increase (decrease) in other on-demand liabilities 
 
 (311,696) 
 (3,536,163) 
Increase (decrease) in repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 
 386,490  
 289,954  
Increase (decrease) in deposits and other term deposits 
 
 70,453  
 6,899,121  
Increase (decrease) in bank borrowings 
 
 (46,064) 
 (7,932) 
Increase (decrease) in other financial liabilities 
 
 (504,810) 
 1,209,421  
Loans from the Central Bank of Chile (long-term) 
 
 59,411  
 -  
Repayment of loans from the Central Bank of Chile (long term) 
 
 -  
 (25,812) 
Long-term foreign loans 
 
 444,338  
 -  
Repayment of long-term foreign loans 
 
 -  
 (281,741) 
Income tax 
 
(125,729)  
 (309,643) 
Interest and inflation-indexation received 
 
 4,987,126  
 4,380,594  
Interest and inflation-indexation paid 
 
 (2,965,815) 
 (2,070,876) 
Fees received 
32 
 512,405  
 508,328  
Fees paid 
32 
 (171,600) 
 (141,417) 
Total net cash (used in) from operating activities 
 
(3,000,257) 
1,374,876 
 
B) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 
Acquisition of investments in companies 
14 
 -  
 (55,990) 
Sale of investments in companies 
14 
  23,613  
 1,319  
Dividends received from investments in companies 
14 
 3,945  
 3,668  
Acquisition of property and equipment 
16 
 (20,849) 
 (19,002) 
Sale of property and equipment 
 
 422  
 1,745  
Acquisition of intangible assets 
15 
 (111,373) 
 (71,957) 
Sale of intangible assets 
 
 -  
 -  
Sale of goods received in payment or awarded 
 
 11,411  
 7,269  
Net increase (decrease) in other assets and liabilities 
 
881,303 
 (293,969) 
Total net cash from (used in) investing activities 
 
788,472 
(426,917) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes Nos, 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-136

--- Page 439 ---
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 7 
 
 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
For the year ended as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
 
 
Note 
December 31 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
C) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 
Attributable to interest of the owners: 
 
Issue of letters of credit 
 
 -  
 -  
Redemption and payment of interest / principal of letters of credit 
 
 (1,225) 
 (2,493) 
Issuance of current bonds 
 
 553,307  
 1,196,446  
Redemption and payment of interest / principal of current bonds 
 
 (1,102,645) 
 (1,433,026) 
Issue of mortgage bonds 
 
 -  
 -  
Redemption and payment of interest / principal of mortgage bonds 
 
 -  
 -  
Payment of interest / principal of lease liabilities 
 
 (2,639) 
 (2,897) 
Issue of subordinated bonds 
 
 -  
 -  
Payment of interest and principal of subordinated bonds 
 
 (71,499) 
 (59,127) 
Issue of bonds with no fixed maturity date 
 
 -  
 -  
Redemption and payment of interest on bonds with no fixed maturity date 
 
 -  
 -  
Issue of preferred shares 
 
 -  
 -  
Redemption of preference shares and payment of preference share dividends 
 
 -  
 -  
Increase in share capital for the issuance of ordinary shares 
 
 617,457  
 -  
Payment of ordinary shares dividends 
28 
 (253,256) 
 (157,445) 
Attributable to non-controlling interests: 
 
 
 
Dividend payment and/or withdrawals of share capital related to subsidiaries corresponding to 
non-controlling interest 
 
- 
 -  
Total net cash used in financing activities 
 
(260,500) 
(458,542) 
 
 
 
NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
  
 (2,215,382) 
 1,091,210  
EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE FLUCTUATIONS 
  
 (256,903) 
 (601,793) 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD 
  
 7,309,537  
 6,820,120  
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE PERIOD 
7 
 4,837,252  
 7,309,537  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes Nos, 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-137

--- Page 440 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 8 
 
 
NOTE 1 – REPORTING ENTITY 
 
a) 
The Bank 
 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones (hereinafter “BCI” or “the Bank”) is a company incorporated in Chile, regulated by the Financial Market Commission, 
hereinafter the “CMF”. In accordance with the amendments to the General Banking Law under Law No. 21,130, which defines this commission as 
regulatory entity from June 1, 2019 (Official Gazette Publication No. 42,343 of Thursday, May 2, 2019). Its registered office is at Avenida El Golf 125, 
in the municipality of Las Condes. The Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended December 31, 
2023 and 2022 include the Bank and its subsidiaries detailed in the following paragraph as well as the Miami Branch. The Bank is involved in all the 
businesses and operations that the General Banking Law allows it, such as personal, corporate, and real estate banking, large and medium-sized 
companies banking, private banking, and asset management services.  
 
NOTE 2 – BASIS OF ACCOUNTING 
 
a) 
Basis of preparation of the financial statements 
 
These Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks (CNCB) and 
instructions issued by the Financial Market Commission (hereinafter "CMF"), a regulatory body that in accordance with Law No. 21,000 that " Creates 
the Financial Market Commission”, provides in number 6 of article 5 that the Financial Market Commission may “set the standards for the preparation 
and presentation of the annual reports, balance sheets, statements of financial position and other financial statements of the regulated entities and 
determine the principles to which they must keep their accounting and in everything that is not treated by it if it does not contradict their instructions, they 
must adhere to the generally accepted accounting policies, which correspond to the technical standards issued by Colegio de Contadores de Chile AG, 
matching the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) agreed upon by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). In case of 
discrepancies between the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and the accounting policies issued by the CMF in its Compendium of 
Accounting Standards for Banks and Instructions, the latter will prevail. 
 
The notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contain additional information to that presented in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, 
the Consolidated Statements of Income, the Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated Statements of Changes in 
Equity and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
b) 
Controlled entities (subsidiaries) 
 
The Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 include the financial statements of the Bank and the controlled companies 
(subsidiaries), Control is obtained when the Bank is exposed, or has the right to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the 
ability to influence those returns through its power over the investee. 
 
Specifically, the Bank controls an investee only if it meets the following elements: 
 
I. 
Power over the investee (that is, it has rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee) 
II. exposure, or right., to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and 
III. ability to use its power over the investee to influence the amount of the investor's returns. 
 
When the Bank has less than most of the voting rights over an investee; but such voting rights are sufficient to have the practical ability to direct the 
relevant activities unilaterally, then it will be concluded that the Bank has control. The Bank considers all relevant factors and circumstances in assessing 
whether the voting rights are sufficient to obtain control, these include: 
 
● 
The size of the Bank’s voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders. 
● 
The potential voting rights held by the investor, other vote holders or other parties. 
● 
Rights arising from other contractual arrangements. 
● 
Any additional facts and circumstances that indicate the investor has or does not have. The current ability to direct the relevant activities at the 
time those decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders' meetings. 
 
The Bank reassesses whether it has control over an investee when the facts or circumstances indicate that there are changes in one or more of the control 
elements listed above. 
 
Loss of control generates de-recognition of assets and liabilities of the former subsidiary in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and the 
recognition of the loss or gain associated with the loss of control. 
 
The Consolidated Financial Statements consider the separate (stand-alone) financial statements of the Bank and of the companies included in the 
consolidation and include the necessary adjustments and reclassifications to standardize the accounting policies and valuation criteria applied by the 
Bank, together with the elimination of all balances and transactions between the consolidated companies. 
 
Additionally, the participation of third parties in the equity of the consolidated Bank is presented as "non-controlling interest" in the Consolidated 
Statements of Financial Position, their share of profits for the period is presented as "Profit attributable to non-controlling interest" in the Consolidated 
Statements of Income for the year ended. 
The following table shows the composition of the entities over which the Bank can exercise control, therefore, they are part of the scope of consolidation: 
 
 
F-138

--- Page 441 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 9 
 
 
 
 
Entities controlled by the Bank 
Interest % 
Direct 
Indirect 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
% 
% 
% 
% 
BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos S.A. 
99.90 
99.90 
0.10 
0.10 
BCI Asesoría Financiera S.A. 
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A. 
99.95 
99.95 
0.05 
0.05 
BCI Corredores de Seguros S.A. 
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
BCI Factoring S.A. 
99.97 
99.97 
0.03 
0.03 
BCI Securitizadora S.A. 
99.90 
99.90 
- 
- 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones Miami Branch 
100.00 
100.00 
- 
- 
Servicio de Normalización y Cobranza, Normaliza S.A. 
99.90 
99.90 
0.10 
0.10 
BCI Securities INC. 
99.90 
99.90 
0.10 
0.10 
BCI Corredores de Bolsa de Productos S.A. 
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
BCI Financial Group. Inc. and Subsidiaries 
100.00 
100.00 
- 
- 
Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales S.A. 
99.98 
99.98 
0.02 
0.02 
Administradora de Tarjetas Servicios Financieros Limitada 
99.99 
99.99 
0.01 
0.01 
SSFF Corredores de Seguros y Gestión Financiera Limitada 
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
Servicios y Cobranzas SEYCO Limitada 
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
BCI Perú S.A. 
99.99 
99.99 
- 
- 
 
The lines of business of the entities controlled by the Bank are as follows: 
 
BCI Asset Management Administradora de Fondos S.A., was incorporated by public deed dated January 7, 1988. Its line of business is the 
management all types of mutual funds, investment funds and individual portfolios regulated by Law 20,712, including the development of plans 
voluntary pension savings and collective voluntary pension savings, other supplementary activities authorized by the CMF through Circular No. 1,566 
of 2001, and the administration of third-party investment funds and portfolios, authorized by Circular No. 1,897 of 2008. 
 
BCI Asesoría Financiera S.A. was incorporated as a closely held shareholders’ corporation via public deed dated October 23, 1992. Its line of business 
is the provision of advisory on the study, analysis, evaluation, and search for alternative sources of financing, the restructuring of liabilities, the 
negotiations to acquire, capitalize, sell, or merge companies, the issuance and placement of bonds and debentures, and the placement of funds in the capital 
market. 
 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A. was incorporated by public deed dated July 24, 1987. Its line of business is the intermediation and brokerage of securities, 
and in general all those activities permitted by law in its capacity as stockbroker. 
BCI Corredores de Seguros S.A. was incorporated by public deed dated January 15, 1997. Its line of business is the remunerated brokerage of general 
and life insurance contracts with any insurance company located in the country, and the provision of advice and services related to contracting insurance 
policies. 
 
BCI Factoring S.A. was incorporated by public deed dated December 13, 1994. Its lines of business is the provision of all types of factoring services, 
being able to purchase and discount documents, bills of exchange and. In general, develop and exploit the factoring business. Under its different forms and 
types. Invest, reinvest and acquire quotas, shares or rights, in all types of movable, tangible or intangible property, real estate and in companies, whether 
civil, commercial, communities or absorptions and in all class of titles or transferable securities, manage and exploit said goods in any capacity and receive 
their benefits. 
 
BCI Securitizadora S.A. was incorporated as a shareholders’ corporation. As stated in a public deed dated March 1, 2001. Its line of business is the 
acquisition of credits referred to in Article No. 135 of Law No. 18,045 or the regulations that substitute, replace, or complement it, and the issuance of 
debt securities, short or long term, originating for each issue, the formation of equity separate from the common equity of the company, which is under 
the supervision of the Financial Market Commission. 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones Miami Branch is a branch of Banco de Crédito e Inversiones. Incorporated in the state of Florida in the United States 
of America. The company was initially authorized to operate as an international banking agency by the Department of Banking and Finance of the State 
of Florida on May 10, 1999. The Branch is not a separate legal entity, it conducts banking activities that provide a full range of banking services to 
national and foreign individuals and legal entities, mainly from Latin America. 
 
Servicio de Normalización y Cobranza, Normaliza S.A. is a closely held shareholder’s corporation. Incorporated via public deed dated June 8, 1990, 
and its line of business is the provision of out-of-court collection services. On its own or on behalf of third parties of any document representing liabilities, 
as well as the background check of natural persons or legal entities and the delivery of commercial reports and any other business that the partners agree 
to perform. 
 
BCI Securities INC. a subsidiary incorporated in the state of Florida in the United States on July 6, 2011. The company’s line of business is the purchase 
and sale of shares, mutual funds, corporate debt, United States government bonds, sovereign debt and call and put options for its clients residing primarily 
in South America. The Company may establish network agreements with banks, savings banks or savings and credit cooperatives. This investment was 
authorized by the Financial Market Commission on January 10, 2013, and by the Central Bank of Chile on February 21, 2013. It began operations on 
March 1, 2016. 
BCI Corredores de Bolsa de Productos S.A. was incorporated by public deed on April 16, 2015. The company’s purpose is the intermediation of 
products, understanding as such, what is stated in articles 4th and 5th of Law No. 19 .920. In his capacity as a stockbroker of products, including the 
purchase or sale of products on the stock market on its own with the intention of transferring rights over them,  the brokering of off-exchange products, 
and the supplementary activities authorized by the Financial Market Commission, for which it may perform all acts and enter into all contracts and 
transactions typical of brokers of products. In accordance with the current regulations or those that will be put into force in the future. 
F-139

--- Page 442 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 10 
 
 
BCI Financial Group. Inc. and Subsidiaries, parent company of City National Bank (CNB), acquired in 2015, CNB is a financial institution 
incorporated in 1946 based on the city of Miami, which offers a wide range of financial products, including real estate, commercial and retail banking to 
more than 61,000 customers, with 32 branches distributed in four Florida counties. Also, during 2017, the Financial Market Commission approved the 
lease transaction operations through a new subsidiary of CNB on March 10, 2017, through letter No. 02751 issued by this regulatory body. The new 
subsidiary of CNB is a corporation that started operations on June 28, 2017, under the business name City National Capital Finance Inc. (CNCF). On 
August 1, 2018, the subsidiary City National Capital Finance. Inc. (CNCF) changed its business name to BCI CAPITAL. Inc. 
Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales S.A. acquired in December 2018, was incorporated as a limited liability company 
via public deed dated November 4, 1997, and has been subject to various modifications. Its current line of business is /i/ the issuance of credit cards and 
the performance of activities complementary to said specific line of business authorized by the Financial Market Commission, or the body that succeeds 
it in its attributions and competences, by means of a general standard to credit card issuers, and /ii/ the granting of general loans as a subsidiary of a 
bank. 
Administradora de Tarjeta Servicios Financieros Limitada, acquired in December 2018, was incorporated as a shareholders’ corporation via public 
deed dated August 6, 1998, and has been subject to various modifications. Its current line of business is the provision of services and the development of 
all type of activities related to the operation of debit, credit and payment cards with provision of funds, issued in accordance with the Compendium of 
Financial Regulations of the Central Bank of Chile and other applicable regulations. Including but not limited to: /i/ the provision of services linked to 
the physical issuance of credentials or any other material and immaterial support of all types of payment cards; /ii/ the provision, maintenance and 
administration of computer channels and systems for the issuance and operation and /iii/ all other types of related, supplementary, required or convenient 
activities for the issuance or operation of payment cards. To the extent that said services and activities do not involve settlement and/or payment of 
benefits owed to affiliated entities for the use of said instruments. 
 
Servicios y Cobranzas SEYCO Limitada, acquired in December 2018, was incorporated as a limited liability company via public deed dated December 
31, 2010, and has been subject to various modifications. 
 
Its current line of business is: /a/ the provision of prejudicial and judicial collection services regarding all types of payment obligations, whatever their 
cause or origin; /b/ the provision of collection and payment services in general, including, but not limited to, the collection and payment on behalf of 
third parties of the payment of all types of accounts and obligations; /c/ the provision of custody services for all types of documents and administrative 
procedures in general; / d / the provision of marketing services, programming or execution of campaigns, preparation of databases, in all its forms and 
by all existing means or that in the future will be created for that purpose, all insofar as it is conducive, necessary or recommended for the proper provision 
of credit collection services; /e/ the provision of services for the collection, storage, custody, administration, processing, studies and analysis of data, 
background and/or information of any type that is related, comes from, has been provided or is necessary for the development of the services of credit 
collection, whatever the element or support material of the same, and /f/ acquire or acquire interest in other companies, subject to the requirements and 
limitations established in the current regulations. 
 
All the activities outlined in the line of business may be performed by the company, by itself or through third parties, by contracting or subcontracting 
them. For the fulfillment of its purpose. The company may execute all the necessary contracts for the indicated purposes or for the development of its 
business. 
 
SSFF Corredores de Seguros y Gestión Financiera Limitada, acquired in December 2018, was incorporated as a limited liability company via public 
deed dated November 17, 2004, and has been subject to various modifications. Its current line of business is /a/ the remunerated intermediation of 
general and life insurance policies with any national insurance company based in the country and the advisory services inherent to this type of contract with 
respect to all types of natural persons and legal entities, Notwithstanding the foregoing, the company may perform activities such as home assistance, 
route and travel assistance, legal and medical assistance, extended warranty regarding goods and services sold or provided by third parties and of a similar 
nature; /b/ provide pension advisory service, in accordance with the provisions of Decree Law No.3,500, subject to the provisions of article 70 bis of 
the General Banking Law, or the one that succeeds or replaces it. For the fulfillment of its purpose, the company may execute all the necessary contracts 
for the indicated purposes, the development of its business or trade or the investment of the funds available to the company. 
 
Banco BCI Perú S.A. was incorporated via public deed dated September 14, 2021, In the Republic of Peru and registered with the Registry of Legal 
Entities of Lima and Callao on September 28, 2021. Likewise, on August 20, 2021, the Superintendence of Banking, Insurance and Pension Fund 
Administrators through SBS Resolution No. 02454-2021 authorized the incorporation of the banking company called Banco BCI Perú. The line of 
business of Banco BCI Perú will be operating as a bank in accordance with the provisions of the General Laws of the Financial System (LGSF) and other 
applicable regulations. 
 
The Bank may carry out all operations and provide all services through the corresponding modalities and forms that are applicable, as established in the 
legal provisions that regulate banking companies in Peru. 
 
And without this reference being limiting, it may carry out the operations and provide the services indicated in articles 221 and 283 of the LGSF, as 
well as in the amending or substituting provisions of said rule. Likewise, it may perform all those operations and services authorized or that may be 
developed according to its uses, practices and customs that are applicable to banking companies in Peru, including operations of derivative financial 
products for hedging and/or negotiation purposes, with the prior authorization of the Superintendence of Banking, Insurance and Pension Fund 
Administrators (SBS). 
 
Additionally, the Bank may enter into other acts and supplementary and related contracts related to the operations it enters into or in which it participates, 
as well as all acts and contracts that are required for its proper functioning and operation. 
 
On 29 April 2022, the Superintendency of Banking, Insurance and Pension Fund Administrators (hereinafter the SBS) issued SBS Resolution No. 
1440-2022 authorizing the Bank to operate as a banking company with multiple operations. On July 15, 2022, the Bank commenced operations in the 
Peruvian financial system. 
 
i. Entities consolidated by the Bank through other considerations: 
 
Despite not holding the majority of the voting rights and/or not having any interest, the following companies have been consolidated on the basis that 
the Bank, directly or through some of its subsidiaries, has some type of influence over them: 
 
Entities consolidated by the Bank through other considerations: 
Interest % 
Direct 
Indirect 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
% 
% 
% 
% 
BCI Activos Inmobiliarios Fondo de Inversión Privado (1) 
40.00 
40.00 
- 
- 
Fondo de Inversión Privado BCI LMV II (2) 
100.00 
100.00 
- 
- 
Incentivos y Promociones Limitada (3) 
EE 
EE 
EE 
EE 
 
(1) Fund in which the subsidiary BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos SA has influence and/or control. 
(2) Fund that has been organized and constituted by the subsidiary BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos SA, which manages it in its entirety. 
(3) Structured Entity (EE) in charge of promoting credit and debit card products. The Bank has no interest in said company and does not exercise control; however. Its 
revenue depends on the Bank. 
 
 
F-140

--- Page 443 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 11 
 
 
 
c) 
Associates and joint arrangements 
 
Associates are those entities in which the Bank has significant influence, but no control. Significant influence is the power to participate in financial and 
operating policy decisions, but not control or joint control over those policies. 
 
A joint arrangement is an arrangement in which there is joint control, which exists only when the strategic decisions of the activities, both financial and 
operating, require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. Investments in joint arrangements may be classified as a business or as a joint 
operation. 
 
A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement (i.e., joint ventures) have rights to the assets, and 
obligations for the liabilities, related to the arrangement. 
 
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement (i.e., participants in a joint venture) have rights to 
the net assets of the arrangement. 
 
Investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method and are initially recognized at cost, and their carrying amount is 
increased or decreased to recognize the corresponding share of profit or loss for the year ended and in comprehensive income. The dividends received 
are recognized by reducing the investment. 
 
If the acquisition cost is less than the fair value of the net assets of the acquired associate. The difference is recognized directly in profit or loss and is 
presented under Other Gains (Losses). Investments in associates and joint ventures are presented in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
under the item “Investment in companies”. Only if the investor has incurred legal or constructive obligations or has made payments on behalf of the 
associate or the joint venture, should recognize a liability, otherwise, leaving the investment at zero until the moment it generates profits that reverse the 
negative equity generated previously as a result of the losses generated. Otherwise, a liability is not recognized, but the investment is also left at zero, 
 
The following entities are considered “Associates”: 
 
Company 
Interest % 
2023 
2022 
% 
% 
Redbanc S.A. 
12.71 
12.71 
Combanc S.A.  
13.30 
13.30 
Transbank S.A.  
8.72 
8.72 
Servicio de Infraestructura de Mercado OTC S.A. 
13.61 
13.61 
Administrador Financiero del Transantiago S.A. 
20.00 
20.00 
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
33.33 
33.33 
Sociedad Interbancaria de Depósitos de Valores S.A. 
7.03 
7.03 
Pagos y Servicios S.A. 
49.90 
49.90 
 
The following entities are considered “Joint Ventures”: 
 
Company 
Interest % 
2023 
2022 
% 
% 
Servipag Ltda. 
50.00 
50.00 
Artikos Chile S.A. 
50.00 
50.00 
 
For companies in which they have less than 20% interest, the Bank appoints a director on the board of such companies, which is why Management has 
concluded that it has significant influence over them. 
 
d) 
Equity instruments for minority investments in companies 
 
This caption includes those entities in which the Bank has no control or significant influence, includes minority permanent investments in companies in 
the country and abroad that are recorded and presented subsequent to the initial recognition at fair value, with the variations recognized in Other 
Comprehensive Income in accordance with IFRS 9. 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022. The Bank presents shares in BLADEX. 
 
Additionally, the Bank presents other equity instruments for minority investments at their acquisition cost less any impairment in accordance with IFRS 
9, considering that the cost is a reasonable approximation of the fair value. 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Bank presents the following investments in other companies: SWIFT, FHLB and FRB shares. 
 
e) 
Basis of consolidation 
 
These Consolidated Financial Statements comprise the Financial Statements of the Bank and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
The  Financial Statements of the subsidiaries (including the entities controlled by the Bank through other considerations) have been standardized in 
accordance with the standards established in the Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks and Instructions issued by the CMF. 
 
The uniformity of accounting policies also includes investments recognized under the equity method. 
 
Intra-group balances and unrealized gains or losses arising from intra-group transactions between entities included in the consolidation are eliminated 
during the preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements. Unrealized gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted investees are 
eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Bank's interest in these companies. 
 
The translation of the financial statements of the companies with a functional currency other than the Chilean peso is performed as follows: 
 
a. Assets and liabilities, using the exchange rate effective at the reporting date. 
b. Items in the statements of income and comprehensive income, using the average monthly exchange rate (unless this average is not a reasonable 
approximation of the cumulative effect of the exchange rates existing on the dates of the transactions, in which case the exchange rate at the date 
of each transaction is used). 
c. The equity is maintained at the historical exchange rate at the date of its acquisition or approval, and the retained earnings according to letter b 
above. 
d. The exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements are recorded in the caption “Profit (loss) on accumulated 
adjustment for translation difference” in the Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income for the year ended. 
e. Non-controlling interest 
 
The non-controlling interest represents the portion of gains or losses and net assets, of which, directly or indirectly, the Bank does not own, the non-
controlling interest is presented separately in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended, Consolidated Statements of Other 
Comprehensive Income for the year ended and the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 
F-141

--- Page 444 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 12 
 
 
 
f. 
Functional currency 
 
The Bank has determined the Chilean peso (Ch$) as its functional and presentation currency, as well as all the Group entities, except for the subsidiaries 
BCI Financial Group. Inc., and Subsidiaries and BCI Securities INC., which have determined the US dollar as their functional currency as well as BCI 
Peru, which uses the Peruvian sol as its functional currency. 
 
All information presented in Chilean pesos has been rounded to the nearest million. 
 
g. 
Foreign currency transactions 
 
Balances and transactions in currencies other than the Chilean peso are considered “foreign currency.” Transactions performed by each entity in a 
currency other than its functional currency are recorded at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. During the period, differences between the 
exchange rate accounted for and that effective at the following collection or payment date are recognized as exchange differences in the Consolidated 
Statements of Income for the year ended. 
 
Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign currency balances into the functional currency are recorded in the account "Net foreign exchange result" 
in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended. 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Bank's foreign currency assets and liabilities are presented at their equivalent value in Chilean pesos, calculated 
at the exchange rate of Ch$874.50 as of December 31, 2023 and Ch$849.25 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
h. 
Business segments 
 
The Bank's business segments are determined based on the different business units, considering the following: 
 
(i) 
That it engages in business activities from which it may earn revenue and incur expenses (including transactions with other components of 
the same entity). 
(ii) 
whose operating income (loss) is reviewed on a regular basis by the unit's highest authority in making operating decisions. To decide on 
the resources that should be assigned to the segment and evaluate its performance; and 
(iii) 
in relation to which differentiated financial information is available. 
 
These business units deliver products and services subject to different risks and returns and, therefore, the Bank's key decision-making bodies evaluate 
their performance separately. 
 
i. 
Classification and measurement of financial instruments 
 
Financial instruments are classified and measured in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standard 9 (IFRS 9) – Financial Instruments, 
which established a guide for financial information on financial assets and financial liabilities that will present relevant and useful information to users of 
the financial statements for its evaluation of the amounts, timing, and uncertainty of an entity's future cash flows. 
 
j. 
Classification of financial assets 
 
Financial assets are classified into a measurement category based on both the Bank's business model for managing the financial asset and the contractual 
cash flow characteristics of the financial asset. 
 
In accordance with IFRS 9, the business models are: 
 
a) Holding assets to collect contractual cash flows: Financial assets held in the business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect 
contractual cash flows are managed to produce cash flows by collecting contractual payments over the life of the instrument. The business 
model may be to hold assets to collect cash flows, even if the entity sells financial assets whether there has been an increase in the assets’ credit 
risk; and for sales made to manage credit concentration risk. 
 
b) Holding assets to collect contractual cash flows and sell financial assets: Financial assets under this business model achieve the objective by 
collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets, which implies a higher frequency and value of sales than the previous business 
model. 
 
c) Other business models: the financial assets held in this business are intended to generate cash flows through the sale of the assets. The Bank 
makes decisions based on the fair values of the assets and manages the assets to realize those fair values. 
 
The evaluation of the contractual cash flows determines if the cash flows of the financial asset meet the SPPI criterion (solely payments of principal and 
interests), i.e., if the contractual terms of the financial asset generate. On specific dates, cash flows of cash that are solely payments of principal and 
interest. Principal is the fair value of financial assets at initial recognition, and interest is consideration for the time value of money. The credit risk 
associated with the outstanding principal, and may also include liquidity risk, administrative expenses, and profit margin. 
 
For the classification process, the Bank performs the SPPI test, which assesses the contractual term to identify if it meets the SPPI criteria, i.e., The 
contract is a basic lending arrangement, the Bank applies judgment and considers relevant factors such as the currency in which the financial asset is 
denominated and the period for which the interest rate is set. 
 
The business model refers to how the Bank manages its financial assets to generate cash flows. The Bank determined its business model in the initial 
application of IFRS 9 at the level that best reflects how it manages the groups of financial assets to achieve its business objective. 
The Banks' business model is not assessed instrument by instrument, but at a higher level of aggregate portfolio and is based on observable factors such 
as: the performance of financial assets. The risk that affects performance and the expected frequency, value, and time of sales. 
 
i. Classification of financial liabilities 
 
The Bank classifies all financial liabilities as subsequently measured at amortized cost, except for derivatives that are liabilities, which are measured at 
fair value through profit or loss. 
 
 
F-142

--- Page 445 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 13 
 
 
 
ii. Reclassification 
 
The reclassification of financial assets is required when, and only when. The objective of the Bank's business model to manage these financial assets 
changes, financial liabilities cannot be reclassified. 
 
iii. Initial Measurement 
 
At initial recognition, financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at the transaction price, i.e., the fair value of the consideration given or 
received (IFRS 13). In the case of financial instruments that are not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs are directly attributable to the 
acquisition or issue of the financial asset or financial liability. 
 
iv. Subsequent measurement of financial assets 
 
After initial recognition, the Bank shall measure a financial asset at: 
 
a) 
Financial assets at amortized cost (CA) 
 
Financial assets that are held in a business model to collect contractual cash flows and contain contractual terms that give rise to cash flows that are 
SPPI on specific dates, are measured at amortized cost. 
 
The effective interest method is used in calculating the amortized cost of a financial asset or financial liability and in allocating and recognizing interest 
income or interest expense in profit or loss during the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future 
cash payments or receipts through the expected useful life of the financial asset or financial liability to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset or 
the amortized cost of a financial liability. 
 
The caption financial assets at amortized cost presents the following: 
 
- 
Rights for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
- 
Debt financial instruments 
- 
Loans and advances to banks 
- 
Loans and receivables from customers 
 
 
b) Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) 
 
● 
Debt financial instruments 
 
Financial assets that are debt instruments held in a business model that is achieved through collection of contractual cash flows and sale, and that contain 
contractual terms that give rise to cash flows that are SPPI on specific dates, are measured at FVOCI, Subsequently, they are re-measured at fair value 
and changes in them (except those related to impairment. Interest income and foreign currency gains and losses) are recognized in other comprehensive 
income, until the assets are sold. At the time of disposal. The accumulated gains, and losses in OCI are recognized in the statements of income. 
 
● 
Equity financial instruments 
 
For certain equity instruments. The Bank may make an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair 
value of the instrument, except for dividend income that is recognized in profit or loss. Gains or losses on the derecognition of these equity instruments are 
not transferred to profit or loss. 
 
c) 
Financial asset held for trading at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL) 
 
Includes financial assets whose business model aims at generating benefits through purchases and sales or generate short-term profit or loss, Financial 
assets that do not contain contractual terms that give rise to cash flows that are SPPI on specific dates, or if the financial assets, is not held in a business 
model that is (i) a business to collect the contractual cash flows or (ii) a business model that is achieved by collecting the contractual cash flows and 
selling them. 
 
Gains and losses are recognized in the statement of income under financial income for financial assets held for trading at fair value. 
 
● 
Derivative financial instruments 
 
Derivative financial instruments are also classified under financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, which include foreign currency forwards 
and Unidades de Fomento, interest rate futures, currency and interest rate swaps, currency options and interest rate and other derivative financial 
instruments, are initially recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at their fair value (including transaction costs), except for those 
classified as level 3 of the hierarchy (when applicable), and subsequently measured at its fair value. The fair value is obtained from market quotations, 
cash flow discount models and option valuation models, as appropriate. Derivative contracts are reported as an asset when their fair value is positive and 
as a liability when it is negative, in the line “Financial derivative contracts” under the caption financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit 
or loss. 
 
The purpose of the credit valuation adjustment (CVA) is to determine the expected losses due to counterparty risk in OTC derivative contracts. The 
CVA of a derivative is defined as the difference between the value of the derivative free of counterparty risk (equivalent to the original derivative but 
without risk of default by any of the parties) and the value of the risky derivative (which corresponds to the original derivative, which has an inherent 
risk) that considers the possibility of default by the counterparty. In this way, the CVA of a client can be obtained from the expected exposure (EE) due 
to counterparty risk (how much is expected to lose) and the expected loss rate (EP) associated with the default of the counterparty. 
 
The valuation adjustment due to the existence of the bid-offer spread in the financial instrument markets that is applied to all financial instruments that 
are recognized at their market value both under normal market conditions and under financial stress conditions, is based on the best practices. The 
recommendations of the Basel Committee and the requirements of the CMF and the Central Bank of Chile. 
 
In order to carry out the bid-offer adjustment to the valuation of financial instruments belonging to Banco de Crédito e Inversiones own portfolios, the 
following methodology was established: 
 
 
F-143

--- Page 446 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 14 
 
 
 
i. Define condition of market makers or customer of the Bank 
 
On an annual basis, the condition of the Bank will be redefined to be considered market makers (the Bank must be among the 4 main market operators) or 
clients in each of the financial products that it operates. 
 
This will be done with information from the two main brokers in the national market: Tradition and ICAP. 
 
ii. Condition of market makers 
 
For products (markets) where the Bank is a liquidity provider, they will be valued at mid-price and no bid-offer adjustment will be made to their 
valuation. 
 
iii. Condition of customer 
 
For products (markets) where the Bank is considered that the Bank is a requestor of instruments of a different nature, they will be valued at mid-price and 
the bid-offer adjustment will be made to their valuation or they will be valued at bid if there are liquid peaks. 
 
The Bank also makes an adjustment associated with the FVA (Funding Valuation Adjustment) financing risk was added, which captures the financing 
differential of unsecured derivatives above the risk-free rate and other technical considerations. 
 
iv. Subsequent measurement of financial liabilities 
 
After initial recognition, the Bank will measure a financial liability at amortized cost. 
 
v. Derecognition of financial assets and liabilities  
 
Financial assets are derecognized when, and only when: 
 
- 
The contractual rights to the cash flows of the financial asset expire, or 
- 
The Bank transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, and therefore the Bank derecognizes the financial 
asset and separately recognizes the rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. 
 
In some cases, the Bank enters into transactions for which it retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of the financial asset, but assumes the 
contractual obligation to pay the cash flows in an agreement that meets all the required conditions, that is, the Bank only transfers amounts collected 
from original assets, the sale or pledge of original assets is prohibited, and the Bank is required to remit the cash flows collected without significant 
delay. 
 
When a financial asset is sold and the Bank agrees to buy it (or an asset that is substantially the same) at a fixed price at a future date, the Bank continues 
to recognize the financial assets in full in the statements of financial position, because it retains substantially all risks and rewards of ownership, the cash 
consideration received is recognized as a financial asset, and a financial liability is recognized for the obligation to pay the repurchase price. 
 
Financial liabilities are derecognized when, and only when, they are discharged, canceled, or expire. 
 
vi. Impairment of a financial asset according to IFRS 9 
 
The Bank applies the value impairment requirements for the recognition and measurement of a loss allowance to financial assets according to the model 
of "expected credit losses" (ECL) to assets financial assets measured at amortized cost and fair value through other comprehensive income (FROCI), 
excluding loans ("Loans and advances to banks" and "Loans and receivables from customers commercial, residential and consumer "), of the caption 
"Financial assets at amortized cost", or on “Contingent Loans”, since the criteria for these issues are dealt with in accordance with Chapters B-1 on 
provisions for credit loss B-3 on contingent loans of the Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks, respectively. 
 
The new model uses a dual measurement approach, whereby the loss margin is measured as: 
 
- 
12-month expected credit losses. 
- 
Lifetime expected credit losses. 
 
The measurement basis depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in accordance with changes in 
credit quality since initial recognition. IFRS 9 describes a “three-stage” impairment model according to the following table: 
 
Change in credit quality since initial recognition 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Initial recognition 
Significant increase in credit risk 
since initial recognition 
Credit-impaired assets 
12-month ECL 
Lifetime ECL 
Lifetime ECL 
 
 
At the end of each reporting period, the Bank assessed whether the credit risk of financial instruments has increased significantly since initial recognition 
or whether an asset is considered credit-impaired and, consequently, is classified as a financial instrument at the respective stage: 
 
- 
Stage 1: Financial assets that have not significantly increased their credit risk with respect to their assessment at origination, 12-month ECL are 
recognized. 
 
- 
Stage 2: When a Financial asset has shown a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the Bank records an allowance for lifetime ECL, 
Loans in this stage also include facilities, where the credit risk has improved, and the loan has been returned to stage 2. 
 
- 
Stage 3: Financial instruments that are considered to be in default are included in this stage, Similar to stage 2, the allowance for credit losses is 
made on the basis of the expected credit losses over the life of the instrument. 
 
The Bank considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort and that may affect the credit risk in a financial 
instrument, including forward-looking information to determine a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Forward-looking 
information includes past events, current conditions, and forecast of future economic conditions (macroeconomic data). 
 
 
F-144

--- Page 447 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 15 
 
 
 
Credit risk assessment and forward-looking information (including macroeconomic factors), includes quantitative and qualitative information based on 
the Bank's historical experience, some examples are: 
 
i. 
Financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant change in the borrower's ability to meet its debt obligations. 
ii. 
An actual or expected internal credit rating downgrade for the borrower or a behavioral rating downgrade. 
iii. An actual or expected significant change in the operating results of the borrower. 
iv. IV, Significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same borrower. 
v. 
Significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in the quality of third-party guarantees or credit enhancements. 
vi. Reductions in financial support from a parent entity or other affiliate. 
vii. Expected changes in loan documentation, including expected breach of contract that may lead to covenant waivers or amendments, interest rate 
step-ups, requiring additional collateral or guarantees, or other changes in the contractual framework of the instrument. 
 
I. 
Measurement of expected credit losses 
 
ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses, i.e., the present value of all cash shortfalls. 
 
A cash shortfall is the difference between the cash flows that are due to an entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the entity 
expects to receive. The three main components for measuring the ECL are: 
 
PD: The probability of default is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a particular time horizon, A default can only occur at a certain time 
during the evaluated period if the operation has not previously been derecognized and is still in the portfolio. 
 
LGD: The loss given default that arises in the event that a default occurs at a given time. It is based on the difference between the contractual cash 
flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, even from the realization of any collateral. 
 
EAD: Exposure at default is an estimate of exposure at a future default date, considering expected changes in exposure after the reporting date, 
including repayments of principal and interest, whether contractually scheduled or otherwise. The expected withdrawal of the committed facilities 
and accrued interest for late payments. 
 
To measure 12-month and lifetime ECL, cash shortfalls are identified as follows: 
 
- 
12-month expected credit losses: the portion of lifetime expected credit losses that represents expected credit losses that result from default events 
on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. 
 
- 
Lifetime expected credit losses: the expected credit losses that result from all possible default events during the expected useful life of a financial 
instrument. 
 
A financial asset is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is objective evidence of impairment. Such asset is impaired if there is 
objective evidence that one or more events have had a future negative effect on the asset. 
 
An impairment loss in respect of financial assets measured at amortized cost is calculated as the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and 
the present value of the estimated cash flows, discounted at the effective interest rate. 
An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is calculated by reference to its fair value. 
 
All impairment losses are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Any accumulated loss in relation to a financial asset at fair value through 
other comprehensive income previously recognized in equity, is transferred to the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
An impairment loss is reversed only if it can be related objectively to an event occurring after it was recognized. The reversal of an impairment loss 
cannot exceed the carrying amount that could have been obtained had no impairment loss been recognized for that asset in prior periods. The reversal is 
recognized in profit or loss for the period, except for financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, in which case the 
accumulated impairment loss recognized in other comprehensive income will be reclassified from equity to profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment, 
even if the financial asset has not been derecognized. 
 
k. 
Operations with reverse repurchase, repurchase and securities lending agreements 
 
Reverse repurchase agreement operations are performed as a form of investment. Under these agreements, financial instruments are purchased, which 
are included as assets in the caption “Repurchase agreements and securities lending”, which are measured according to the agreed interest rate. 
 
Repurchase agreements are also performed as a form of financing. In this regard, investments that are sold subject to a repurchase obligation and that 
serve as collateral for the operation, are part of their respective captions "financial assets at fair value through profit or loss" or "financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income-” 
 
l. 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedges 
 
The Bank has chosen to continue using the guidelines of IAS 39 for hedge accounting. If the derivative instrument is classified for hedge accounting 
purposes, it can be: (1) a fair value hedge of existing assets or liabilities or firm commitments, or (2) a cash flow hedge related to existing assets or 
liabilities or expected transactions, A hedging relationship for hedge accounting purposes shall meet all the following conditions: (a) at the inception of 
the hedge, there is formal designation and documentation of the hedging relationship; (b) the hedge is expected to be highly effective; (c) the effectiveness 
of the hedge can be reasonably measured and (d) the hedge is highly effective relative to the hedged risk on a continuous basis throughout the hedging 
relationship. 
 
 
F-145

--- Page 448 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 16 
 
 
 
When a derivative hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of an existing asset or liability, the latter is recognized at its fair value in relation to 
the specific hedged risk. The gain or loss from re-measuring the fair value, both hedged item and of the hedging derivative, are recognized in profit or 
loss for the period. 
 
If the hedged item in a fair value hedge is a firm commitment, changes in the fair value of the commitment with respect to the hedged risk are recognized 
as an asset or liability with effect on profit or loss for the period. The gain or loss from re-measuring the hedging instrument at fair value are recognized 
in profit or loss the period. When an asset or liability is acquired as a result of the commitment, the initial recognition of the acquired asset or liability 
is adjusted to incorporate the cumulative change in the fair value measurement of the firm commitment that was recognized in the Consolidated 
Statements of Financial Position. 
 
When a derivative hedge the exposure to changes in the cash flows of existing assets or liabilities or expected transactions, the effective portion of the 
changes in fair value with respect to the hedged risk is recognized in equity. Any ineffective portion is recognized directly in profit or loss for the period. 
 
The amounts recognized directly in equity are accounted for in profit or loss in the same periods in which hedged assets or liabilities affect profit or loss. 
 
When a fair value hedge of interest rates is made for a portfolio and the hedged item is a currency amount rather than individual assets or liabilities. The 
gains or losses from the fair value measurement of both the hedged portfolio and of the hedging derivative, are recognized with effect to profit or loss 
for the period, but the measurement at fair value of the hedged portfolio is presented in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position under the 
captions "Other assets" or "Other liabilities", depending on the hedged portfolio position at a point in time. 
 
m. 
Loans and receivables from customers (loans and advances) 
 
Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market and that the Bank 
does not intend to sell immediately or in the short term. 
 
Loans and receivables are initially measured at fair value plus direct transaction costs and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective 
interest rate method. These include commercial and foreign trade loans, consumer, and mortgage loans, among others. 
 
i. Lease agreements: 
Receivables from lease agreements, included in the caption "Loans and receivables from customers", correspond to the periodic rental payments of 
agreements that meet the requirements to be classified as finance leases and are presented at their present value. 
ii. Factoring operations: 
 
The Bank, through its subsidiary BCI Factoring SA, performs operations with its customers, whereby it receives invoices and other commercial papers 
representing the credit with or without recourse to the transferor, paying the transferor a percentage of the total amount’s receivable from the debtor for the 
transferred documents. 
 
n. 
Provisions for credit loss of loans and contingent loans 
 
The allowances required to cover the risk of credit losses have been established following the standards and instructions issued by the CMF. 
 
Loans are recorded net of such allowances or showing the deduction. In the case of the provisions for contingent loans, they are presented as liabilities 
in the “Allowances” caption. 
 
The Bank and its subsidiaries use models or methods, based on the individual and group analysis of the debtors, which were approved by the Board of 
Directors to establish the loan allowances indicated in the Compendium of Accounting Standards of the Financial Market Commission. 
 
i. 
Allowances for individual assessment: 
 
The individual assessment of debtors is necessary when dealing with clients that, due to their size, complexity, or exposure level, required to be known and 
analyzed in detail. 
Naturally, the analysis of debtors should focus on their capacity and willingness to meet their credit obligations, through sufficient and reliable 
information, and must also analyze their credits in terms of guarantees, terms, interest rates, currency, adjustability, etc. 
For establishing the allowance, debtors and their operations related to loans and receivables and contingent loans must be classified in the corresponding 
categories, with the prior assignment to one of the following three portfolio categories: normal, substandard, and non-performing. 
 
- 
Regular and substandard performance portfolios: 
 
The regular performance portfolio includes those debtors whose payment ability allows them to meet their obligations and commitments, and according 
to the assessment of their economic-financial situation, it is not expected that this condition will change. The classifications assigned to this portfolio are 
categories A1 to A6. 
 
The substandard portfolio will include debtors with financial difficulties or a significant deterioration of their ability to pay and on which reasonable 
doubt exists as to the repayment of principal and interest in the contractual terms agreed, showing low margins to meet their short-term financial 
obligations. 
 
This portfolio also includes debtors, which recently have shown delinquency (payments overdue) in excess of thirty days. The classifications assigned 
to this portfolio are categories B1 to B4 of the rating scale. 
 
 
F-146

--- Page 449 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 17 
 
 
 
As a result of the individual analysis of these debtors, they must be classified in the following categories; subsequently assigning them the probability of 
default and loss given default percentages that result in the subsequent loss percentage: 
 
Type of portfolio 
Debtor rating 
Probability of default (PD) (%) 
Loss given default (LGD) (%) 
Expected loss (%) 
 
 
Regular portfolio 
A1 
0.04 
90.00 
0.036000 
A2 
0.10 
82.50 
0.082500 
A3 
0.25 
87.50 
0.218750 
A4 
2.00 
87.50 
1.750000 
A5 
4.75 
90.00 
4.275000 
A6 
10.00 
90.00 
9.000000 
 
Substandard portfolio 
B1 
15.00 
92.50 
13.875000 
B2 
22.00 
92.50 
20.350000 
B3 
33.00 
97.50 
32.175000 
B4 
45.00 
97.50 
43.875000 
 
Provision on regular and substandard performance portfolios: 
 
To determine the amount of the allowances that must be established for the regular and substandard performance portfolios. The exposure subject to 
provisions should first be estimated, to which the respective loss percentages (expressed in decimals) will comprise the probability of default (PD) and 
loss given default (LGD) established for the category within which the debtor and/or its qualified co-debtor is included, as applicable. 
The exposure subject to provisions corresponds to loans plus contingent loans, less amounts that would be recovered by means of executing guarantees, 
Likewise, placement is understood as the carrying amount of the loans and receivables from the corresponding debtor, while for contingent loans. The 
value resulting from the application of the provisions stated in No. 3 of Chapter B-3 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards. 
 
- Non-performing portfolio: 
 
It includes debtors and their loans whose recovery is deemed to be remote, because their ability to pay is deteriorated or non-existent. Those debtors with 
clear indications of a possible bankruptcy are part of this portfolio, as well as those in which a forced restructuring of debts is necessary to avoid default 
and. In addition, any debtor whose repayment of principal and interest of a credit is overdue for a period equal or exceeding 90 days. 
 
This portfolio comprises debtors from categories C1 to C6 of the classification scale established below and all loans, including 100% of the amount of 
contingent loans, held by those same debtors. 
 
For purposes of establishing allowances on the non-performing portfolio, the use of allowance percentages that must be applied to the amount of the 
exposure is established, which corresponds to the sum of loans and contingent loans held by the same debtor. To apply this percentage, an expected loss 
rate must first be estimated, deducting from the amount of the exposure the amounts recoverable through the execution of the guarantees and, if there is 
specific background information that justifies it, also deducting the present value of the recoveries that can be obtained by exerting collection actions, net 
of the expenses associated with them. This loss rate must fall into one of the six categories defined according to the range of losses effectively expected 
by the Bank for all operations of the same debtor. 
 
These categories, their range of loss as estimated by the Bank and the allowance percentages that should ultimately be applied on the amounts of the 
exposures, are indicated in the following table: 
 
Type of portfolio 
Risk Scale 
Expected Loss Range 
Allowance (%) 
 
 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
C1 
Until 3 % 
2 
C2 
More than 3% up to 20% 
10 
C3 
More than 20% up to 30% 
25 
C4 
More than 30% up to 50% 
40 
C5 
More than 50% up to 80% 
65 
C6 
More than 80% 
90 
 
  
ii. 
Allowances for group assessment: 
 
The group assessment is aimed at group commercial loan portfolios classified in the model of group, consumer, and home mortgage allowances. 
For the determination of allowances of the group portfolio, groups of loans with homogeneous characteristics in terms of the type of debtor and agreed 
conditions are analyzed. In this way, allowances are established based on the expected losses derived from a certain probability of default (PD) and a 
percentage of severity of the loss, or loss given default (LGD), both parameters based on historical analysis and technically based estimates. 
 
The amount of allowances to establish will be obtained by multiplying the total amount exposed in the respective group by the percentages of estimated 
default and loss given default. 
 
a. Group commercial loans: 
 
The Bank applies the standard model of allowances for commercial loans of the group portfolio, whether corresponds to commercial lease transactions, 
student loans or other types of commercial loans. 
 
Commercial lease transactions 
 
For these transactions, the allowance factor must be applied to the current value of the commercial lease transactions (including the purchase option) and 
will depend on the delinquency of each operation. The type of leased asset and the relationship, at the closing of each month, between the current value of 
each operation and the value of the leased asset (PVB), as indicated in the following tables: 
 
Probability of Default (PD) applicable according to delinquency and type of asset (%) 
Past due days of the operation at the end of 
the month 
Type of Good 
Residential 
Non-residential 
0 
0.79 
1.61 
01-29 
7.94 
12.02 
30-59 
28.76 
40.88 
60-89 
58.76 
69.38 
Non-performing portfolio 
100.00 
100.00 
 
 
 
F-147

--- Page 450 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 18 
 
 
 
 
Loss Given Default (LGD) applicable according to PVB tranche and type of asset (%) 
PVB = Current value of the operation / Value of the leased asset 
PVB Section 
Residential 
Non-residential 
PVB <= 40% 
0.05 
18.20 
40% < PVB <= 50% 
0.05 
57.00 
50% < PVB <= 80% 
5.10 
68.40 
80% < PVB <= 90% 
23.20 
75.10 
PVB > 90% 
36.20 
78.90 
 
The determination of the PVB ratio will be made considering the appraisal value, expressed in UF for residential and in pesos for non-residential, 
recognized at the time they corresponding loan is granted, taking into account possible situations that at that time may be causing transitory increases in 
the prices of the good. 
 
Student loans 
 
For these transactions, the allowance factor must be applied on the student loan and the exposure of the contingent loan, when applicable. The 
determination of said factor depends on the type of student loan and the demand for payment of principal or interest, at the end of each month. When 
payment is due, the factor will also depend on its delinquency. 
 
For loan classification purposes, a distinction is made between those granted to finance higher education in accordance with Law No. 20,027 (CAE) 
and. On the other hand, CORFO-guaranteed loans, or other student loans.  
 
Probability of Default (PD) applicable according to payment enforceability, delinquency, and type of loan (%) 
Presents enforceability of the 
payment of principal or interest 
at the end of the month 
Days past due at the end of the month 
Type of Student Loan 
CAE 
CORFO or other 
 
 
Yes 
0 
5.20 
2.90 
01-29 
37.20 
15.00 
30-59 
59.00 
43.40 
60-89 
72.80 
71.90 
Portfolio in Default 
100.00 
100.00 
No 
n/a 
41.60 
16.50 
 
Loss given the Default (LGD) applicable according to payment enforceability and type of loan 
Presents enforceability of the 
payment of principal or interest at 
the end of the month 
Type of Student Loan 
CAE 
CORFO or other 
Yes 
70.90 
No 
50.30 
45.80 
 
Generic commercial loans and factoring 
 
For factoring transactions and other commercial loans, the allowance factor, applicable to the amount of the loan and to the exposure of the contingent 
loan, will depend on the delinquency of each operation and the relationship that exists, at the end of each month, between the obligations that the debtor 
has with the bank and the value of the real guarantees that protect them (PTVG). As indicated in the following tables: 
 
 
Probability of Default (PD) applicable according to delinquency and PTVG (%) tranche 
Days past due at the end of 
the month 
With guarantee 
Without guarantee 
PTVG<=100% 
PGTV>100% 
0 
1.86 
2.68 
4.91 
01-29 
11.60 
13.45 
22.93 
30-59 
25.33 
26.92 
45.30 
60-89 
41.31 
41.31 
61.63 
Non-performing portfolio 
100.00 
100.00 
100.00 
 
Loss Given Default (PDI) applicable according to PTVG (%) tranche 
(With/without) 
guarantees 
PTVG 
Generic commercial 
transactions or 
factoring without 
recourse of the 
transferor 
Factoring with recourse of 
the transferor 
With guarantee 
PTVG <= 60% 
5.00 
3.20 
60% < PTVG <= 75% 
20.30 
12.80 
75% < PTVG <= 90% 
32.20 
20.30 
90% < PTVG 
43.00 
27.10 
Without guarantees 
56.90 
35.90 
 
 
The guarantees used for purposes of calculating the PTVG ratio of this method may be specific or general. Including those that are simultaneously 
specific and general. 
 
A guarantee may only be considered if, according to the respective hedge clauses, it was established in the first place in favor of the bank and only 
guarantees the debtor’s credits with respect to which it is debited (not shared with other debtors). The invoices assigned in the factoring transactions, or 
the guarantees associated with the residential loans of the mortgage portfolio, regardless of their coverage clauses, will not be considered in the 
calculation. 
 
 
F-148

--- Page 451 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 19 
 
 
 
To calculate the PTVG ratio. The following should be considered: 
 
I. 
Transactions with specific guarantees: when the debtor granted specific guarantees. For generic commercial loans and factoring, the PTVG ratio 
is calculated independently for each guaranteed transaction, as the division between the amount of the loan and the contingent loan exposure 
and the value of the actual guarantee that covers. 
 
II. 
Transactions with general guarantees: when the debtor granted general or general and specific guarantees, the Bank calculates the corresponding 
PTVG, jointly for all generic commercial loans and factoring and not included in i) above, as the result of the sum of the amounts of the loans and 
exposures of contingent loans and the general, or general and specific guarantees that, according to the scope of the remaining hedge clauses, 
protect the credits considered in the numerator of the aforementioned ratio. 
 
The amounts of the guarantees used in the PTVG ratio described above must be determined according to: 
 
- 
The last valuation of the guarantee, whether appraisal or fair value, depending on the type of real guarantee in question. 
 
To determine the fair value. The criteria indicated in Chapter 7-12 of the Updated Compendium of Standards must be considered. 
 
- 
Eventual situations that could be generating transitory increases in the values of the guarantees 
- 
Limitations to the amount of hedge established in their respective clauses 
- 
Provisions for deductible amount related to FOGAPE Covid-19 guarantees 
 
To determine the specific provisions of the loans guaranteed by the FOGAPE Covid-19 guarantee, the expected losses shall be determined by estimating 
the risk of each operation, without considering the substitution of the credit quality of the guarantor, according to the corresponding individual or group 
analysis method, in accordance with the provisions of Chapter B-1 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards. 
 
The loan amounts associated with such operations that had been written off must be added to the aforementioned expected losses, in accordance with 
the provisions established in Chapter B-2 of the Compendium. 
 
Therefore, the total amount of expected losses resulting from the aggregate calculation of each group of operations, including the amounts written off 
for that group as indicated in the preceding paragraph, shall be compared to the corresponding total amount of deductible amount, and perform the 
following: 
 
- 
Expected losses less than the deductible amount 
 
When the expected losses of the operations of a group to which the same deductible amount percentage applies, determined according to the procedure 
indicated above, are less than or equal to the aggregate amount of the deductible amount, the provisions will be determined without considering the 
FOGAPE Covid-19 coverage, 19, i.e., without substituting the credit quality of the direct debtor for that of the guarantor. 
 
- 
Expected losses greater than the deductible amount 
 
When the expected losses of the operations of a group to which the same deductible amount percentage applies, determined according to the procedure 
indicated above, are greater than the aggregate amount of the deductible amount, the provisions will be determined using the substitution method provided 
in 4,1 letter a) of Chapter B-1 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards. 
 
For these purposes, the proportion to be replaced will be the one that corresponds to the limits indicated in article 13 of the Regulations for the 
Administration of the Guarantee Fund for Small and Medium-sized Entrepreneurs, applicable to the COVID-19 Guarantee Lines. 
 
Additionally, the ratio associated with the deductible amount resulting from multiplying the guaranteed amount of the corresponding group by the 
percentage of the applicable deductible amount shall be determined. 
 
b. Consumer loans: 
 
Group portfolio credit risk allowance model 
 
According to chapter B-1 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards issued by the CMF. The credit risk allowance models are based on a look at 
expected losses, following "through the cycle" approach and not "at a point in time" approach. 
 
These expected loss (EL) models are used to estimate future portfolio losses and are based on three fundamental components: Probability of Default 
(PD), Loss Given Default (LGD) and Exposure at Default (EAD). The final objective is to establish a sufficient level of allowances to cover future expected 
losses: 
 
EL = Exposure * PD * LGD 
 
The allowance models are organized according to segments, which are defined according to the types of debtors and the types of loans: Consumer, 
Commercial and mortgage. Reasonableness criteria prevail in this macro-segmentation, depending on how customers and products are managed from a 
commercial and risk point of view. 
 
From these macro-segments, higher segmentation levels are generated to the extent that they improve the estimates of the parameters, and scores are 
given on these levels of segmentation to identify homogeneous groups of debtors, which allow better distribution of the risk in the customer portfolio. 
 
Currently, the Bank makes an allowance using the maximum value between the result obtained by the standard matrix, the Compendium of Accounting 
Standards, chapter B-1, and the internal models. 
 
c. Home mortgages: 
 
The home mortgage loan portfolio includes loans that have the following characteristics: their destination is the financing of the acquisition, expansion, 
repair, or construction of a house. The debtor is the natural person who buys or owns the house, and the value of the mortgage guarantee covers all the 
loan. 
 
 
F-149

--- Page 452 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 20 
 
 
 
The Bank uses the "Standard Method of Allowances for Mortgage Loans for Housing", which establishes the applicable allowance factors, represented 
by the expected loss on the amount of mortgage loans for housing, applied based on the delinquency of each loan and the ratio at the end of each month, 
between the amount of outstanding principal of each loan and the value of the mortgage guarantee (PVG) that covers it. As indicated in the following 
table: 
 
Allowance factor applicable according to delinquency and PVG 
PVG Tranche 
Concept 
Days past due at the end of the month 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
Current 
01-29 
30-59 
60-89 
 
PVG≤ 40% 
PD (%) 
1.0916 
21.3407 
46.0536 
75.1614 
100.0000 
LGD (%) 
0.0225 
0.0441 
0.0482 
0.0482 
0.0537 
EL (%) 
0.0002 
0.0094 
0.0222 
0.0362 
0.0537 
 
40%<PVG≤ 80% 
PD (%) 
1.9158 
27.4332 
52.0824 
78.9511 
100.0000 
LGD (%) 
2.1955 
2.8233 
2.9192 
2.9192 
3.0413 
EL (%) 
0.0421 
0.7745 
1.5204 
2.3047 
3.0413 
 
80%<PVG≤ 90% 
PD (%) 
2.5150 
27.9300 
52.5800 
79.6952 
100.0000 
LGD (%) 
21.5527 
21.6600 
21.9200 
22.1331 
22.2310 
EL (%) 
0.5421 
6.0496 
11.5255 
17.6390 
22.2310 
 
PVG>90% 
PD (%) 
2.7400 
28.4300 
53.0800 
80.3677 
100.0000 
LGD (%) 
27.2000 
29.0300 
29.5900 
30.1558 
30.2436 
EL (%) 
0.7453 
8.2532 
15.7064 
24.2355 
30.2436 
Where: 
PD = Probability of default  
LGD = Loss given default  
EL = Expected loss 
LtV = Outstanding principal/Value of the mortgage guarantee 
 
In the event that the same debtor maintains more than one home mortgage loan with the Bank and one of them is 90 days or more past due, all these 
loans will be assigned to the non-performing portfolio, calculating the allowances for each of them according to their respective percentages of PVG. 
 
i. 
Loan write-off: 
 
As a general rule, write-offs should be made when the contractual rights to the cash flows expire. In the case of loans, even if the foregoing does not 
occur, the corresponding asset balances will be written off in accordance with the provisions of title II of Chapter B-2 of the Compendium of Accounting 
Standards issued by the CMF. 
 
The write-offs in question refer to the derecognition in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position of the asset corresponding to the respective 
transaction. Including, therefore, that part that may not be due if it were a credit payable in installments or payments, or a lease transaction (No partial 
write-offs exist). 
 
Write-offs are always accounted for with a debit to the provisions for credit loss established. In accordance with the provisions of Chapter B-1 of the 
Compendium of Accounting Standards, regardless of the reason for which the write-off is made. Subsequent payments obtained from written-off 
operations will be recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the period as recoveries of written-off loans. 
 
The write-offs of loans and receivables are performed on overdue, past due and current installments, and the period must be considered from the 
beginning of their delinquency, that is, performed when the delinquency period of an installment or portion of loan transaction reaches the write-off term. 
As provided below: 
 
Type of loan 
Term 
Consumer loans – secured and unsecured 
6 months 
Other transactions - unsecured 
24 months 
Commercial loans - secured 
36 months 
Residential mortgage loans 
48 months 
Consumer lease agreement 
6 months 
Other non-real estate lease transactions 
12 months 
Real estate lease agreement (commercial or residential) 
36 months 
 
The term corresponds to the time elapsed from the date on which the payment of all or part of the past due liability became due. 
 
ii. 
Recovery of written-off loans: 
 
Recoveries of written-off loans are recognized in profit or loss  as recoveries of written-off loans. 
 
o. 
Fee income and expense 
Fee income and expense are recognized in revenue according to the 5-step approach established by IFRS 15:  
 
Step 1: Identify the contract with the customer; 
Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract;  
Step 3: Determine the transaction price; 
Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations of contracts;  
Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. 
 
p. 
Impairment 
 
For the assets in the caption "Loans and receivables from customers". The impaired portfolio is defined according to Chapter B-2 of the Compendium 
of Accounting Standards issued by the CMF as "loans from debtors for which there is evidence that they will comply with any of their obligations in 
the agreed payment conditions, regardless of the possibility of recovering the amount owed by resorting to guarantees, through the period of judicial 
collection actions or agreeing on different conditions”. 
 
The policies on impairment measurement. Assessed on a monthly basis, consider the following criteria: 
 
i. 
Addition to impaired portfolio: 
 
Transactions included by credit risk rating classified as substandard in categories B3 and B4, and the non-perform portfolio are recorded in individually 
classified transactions. 
 
 
F-150

--- Page 453 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 21 
 
 
 
The rest of the transactions are classified in groups and are added when they are: 
 
- 
Credit transactions that are past due for a period greater than or equal to 90 days. 
- 
Renegotiated transactions. 
- 
100% of the transactions associated with the customer are carried over to the impaired portfolio. 
 
Operations linked to residential mortgage loans or loans to finance higher education are not included in Law N. 20027, which may be excluded as long 
as they do not present the conditions of non-compliance established in Circular No. 3454 of December 10, 2008. 
 
The behavior in the financial system is not considered to determine the addition to the impaired portfolio. 
 
Removal conditions 
- 
Individual case: for having improved their risk rating over the B3 category of the individual classification. 
- 
Group case: 
 
a) Non-renegotiated transactions: credit transactions included in impaired portfolio may return to the normal portfolio, only if the transaction in 
question meets the following conditions: 
 
- 
Register at least six consecutive payments of principal and interest, paying them at maturity or within the next 30 days. 
- 
That it is up to date with all its obligations and has no other credit transaction in an impaired portfolio. 
- 
In any case, it must not record any delinquency in the rest of the financial system for the last 90 days (last three years reported to the CMF 
at the date of consultation). 
 
b) Renegotiated operations: may be removed from the impaired portfolio, only if the operation in question meets the following conditions: 
 
- 
Register at least six consecutive payments of principal and interest, paying them at maturity or within the next 30 days. 
- 
That it is up to date with all its obligations and has no other credit transaction in an impaired portfolio. 
- 
That it does not have another renegotiated transaction during the last nine months. 
- 
In any case. It must not record any delinquency in the rest of the financial system in the last 90 days (last three years reported in the CMF 
at the date of consultation). 
 
c) Renegotiated group portfolio from write-off: written-off commercial transactions that have been renegotiated, may be removed from the 
impaired portfolio, and added to the normal portfolio, only if the transaction in question meets the following conditions: 
 
- 
Payment of 30% of the originally renegotiated transaction (total balance of the renegotiated transaction) or that first six payments have 
been made, agreed in the renegotiated commercial transaction. 
- 
Be up to date with the principal and interest payments. 
- 
Have no other transaction in the impaired portfolio. 
- 
Register no delinquency in the rest of the financial system in the last 90 days. 
 
ii. 
Non-financial assets: 
 
The carrying amount of the Bank's non-financial assets, other than investment properties and deferred tax assets, is reviewed at each reporting date to 
determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indications exist, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In the case of 
goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives or not yet available for use, the recoverable amounts are estimated at each presentation 
date. 
In accordance with IAS 36 "Impairment of Assets", the entity shall assess at the end of each reporting period whether there is any indication of 
impairment of its intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, as well as of the goodwill acquired in a business combination. On the other hand, the 
Financial Market Commission (CMF) requires that "the valuations of goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible assets must be supported by two 
reports issued by professionals independent of the bank and its external auditors. Both reports support the initial value of intangible assets and valuations 
as of December 31 of each year. 
 
An impairment loss in relation to goodwill is not reversed. In relation to other assets, impairment losses recognized in prior periods are assessed at each 
reporting period whether there is any indication that the loss may have decreased or disappeared. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a 
change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does 
not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, had no impairment loss been recognized. 
 
On a quarterly basis, the Bank follows up on intangible assets and goodwill generated from the business combination of its subsidiaries BCI Servicios 
Financieros and City National Bank in Chile and the United States, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, a loss of MCh$2,530 was recorded in the 
Financial Services CGU, which arises from two concepts, the first equivalent to MCh$1,499 associated with the relationship with customers and the 
second associated with Goodwill of MCh$1,031 (see further detail in Note No. 15, letter b). As of December 31, 2022, the Bank recognized an 
impairment loss associated with goodwill assigned to the Financial Services CGU of MCh$20,442 (see further detail in Note No. 15, letter b). 
 
q. 
Interest and inflation-indexation income and expense 
 
Interest and inflation-indexation income and expenses are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income based on the accrual principle using the 
effective interest method. 
 
The effective interest rate is the discount rate that exactly matches the estimated cash flows receivable or payable over the expected life of the financial 
instrument (or, where appropriate, in a shorter period) with the net carrying amount of the financial asset or liability. To calculate the effective interest rate, 
the Bank determines the cash flows taking into account all the contractual conditions of the financial instrument, the calculation of said rate includes all 
commissions and other concepts paid or received that are part of it. 
 
Transaction costs include incremental costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of a financial asset or financial liability. 
 
However, in the case of past due loans and current loans with a high risk of irrecoverability, the prudent criterion of suspending the accrual of interest and 
inflation-indexation has been followed; and are recognized when received. 
 
 
Amount to be suspended: 
 
The amount of income to be suspended on an accrual basis corresponds to that calculated between the date of suspension and the cut-off date of the 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, which corresponds to the last day of the month. 
 
 
F-151

--- Page 454 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 22 
 
 
 
 
Suspension date: 
 
The Bank will stop recognizing income on an accrual basis for the assets at amortized cost "Loans and advances to banks" and "Loans and receivables 
from customers" in the Statement of Income when the loan or one of its installments is 90 days past due. 
 
The suspension of the recognition of income on an accrual basis implies that, from the date on which it must be suspended and until such loans are no 
longer in the impaired portfolio, the corresponding assets will not be increased with interest, inflation-indexation or fees in the Consolidated Statements 
of Financial Situation and no income will be recognized for these concepts in the Consolidated Statements of Income, unless they are actually received. In 
this regard, income actually received from interest, inflation-indexation or fees shall be recognized as indicated in Chapter C-3 of the CNCB. 
 
For the determination of the gross assets on which the provisions for credit loss are calculated according to chapter B1, suspended interest, adjustments 
and commissions will not be included. 
 
r. 
Intangible assets 
 
i) 
Software 
The software acquired by the Bank is recognized at cost, less accumulated amortization, and accumulated impairment losses. 
 
Disbursements or expenses for internally developed software are recognized as assets when the Bank can demonstrate its intent and ability to complete 
its development and use it internally to generate future economic benefits, and the cost of completing its development can be measured reliably. The 
capitalization of internally developed software expenses includes all direct costs attributable to the development of the software and is amortized over 
its useful life. Internally developed software is recognized at capitalized cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses. 
 
The subsequent expenses of the recognized asset are capitalized only when the future economic benefits of the specific assets in the related areas increase. 
All other expenses are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
Amortization is recognized on a straight-line basis in profit or loss considering the estimated useful life of the software from the date it is available for 
use, which is generally six years. 
 
ii) 
Intangible assets acquired in business combinations 
 
As a consequence of the purchase process of BCI Financial Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries that was completed in October 2015, the merger between City 
National Bank of Florida and Total Bank completed on June 15, 2018, and the acquisition of the credit card business from Walmart (Financial Services) 
that was completed on June 4, December 2018, amortizable intangible assets with an indefinite useful life were recognized, which originated during the 
Purchase Price Allocation (PPA) process. The Bank permanently assesses its intangible assets for impairment. In this regard and, in accordance with the 
CMF regulations of the Compendium of Accounting Standards, Chapter A-2 number 7, two independent consultants of the Bank and different from the 
external auditors reviewed the basis of is valuation during the 2019 financial year. 
 
 
According to IFRS 3 "Business Combinations", for the acquisition of Total Bank the values were definitively determined on December 31, 2018, which 
were adjusted within the term established by the standard. 
 
According to IFRS 3 "Business Combinations", for the acquisition of BCI Servicios Financieros the values were definitively determined on December 
4, 2019, which were adjusted within the term established by the standard. 
 
Amortizable intangible assets recognized their portion of amortization on a straight-line basis according to the estimated useful life. 
 
iii) 
Goodwill 
 
The goodwill arising from a business combination will be allocated from the date of acquisition to each of the cash-generating unit (CGU) or group of 
CGUs of the acquirer, which are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination, regardless of whether other assets or liabilities of 
the acquiree are assigned to those units or groups of units. 
 
Goodwill is tested annually for impairment, and when circumstances indicate that it is carrying amount may be impaired.  
 
Impairment losses in respect of goodwill is not reversed in future periods. 
 
Intangible assets. Including goodwill, were subjected to impairment tests as indicated in IAS 36. 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Bank's Management estimated the recoverable amount of its Financial Services CGU that records balances in 
intangible assets, resulting in the recognition of an impairment loss associated with goodwill and customer relationship assigned to this CGU. For further 
information, refer to note 15, letter c). 
 
s. 
Business combinations 
 
Business acquisitions are accounted by applying the acquisition method, the consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair 
value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition date fair values of the assets transferred by the Company, the liabilities incurred by the acquirer to 
former owners of the acquiree, and the equity interests issued by the Company in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are 
recognized in profit or loss when incurred. 
 
In a business acquisition, an independent specialist is used to determine the fair value of the net assets acquired and the identification of intangible assets 
is considered. For the valuation of these intangible assets identified in a business combination, cash flow projections are used based on the performance 
estimates of the acquiree. 
 
At the acquisition date. The identifiable assets acquired, and liabilities assumed are recognized at fair value, except for the following: 
 
 
Deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit agreements are recognized and measured in accordance with 
IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19, respectively. 
 
liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment agreements of the acquiree, or share-based payment agreements of the company 
entered to replace the share-based payment agreements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 at the date of acquisition; and 
 
the assets (or group of assets for disposal) that are classified as held for sale. 
 
 
F-152

--- Page 455 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 23 
 
 
 
Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the fair 
value of the equity interest previously held by the acquirer (if any) in the acquiree over the net amounts at the acquisition date of the identifiable assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed. If, after a reassessment, the acquisition-date net amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed 
exceed the sum of the consideration transferred. The amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree, and the fair value of the interest previously 
owned by the acquirer in the acquiree (if any), such excess is immediately recognized in profit or loss as a gain from a bargain purchase. 
 
Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders a share to a proportionate share of the entity's net assets in the 
event of liquidation may be measured initially, either at fair value or the proportionate share of non-controlling interests, of the recognized amounts of 
the acquiree’s identifiable net asset. 
 
The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis. 
 
Remeasurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during the “measurement period” (which may not 
exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.  
 
t. 
Property and equipment 
 
Items of property and equipment, excluding real estate, are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. 
 
The cost includes expenses that have been directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset and any other cost directly attributable to the process of 
bringing the asset to a working condition. 
 
When part of an item of property and equipment has a different useful life. It is accounted for as a separate item (remodeling of real estate). 
 
Depreciation is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income based on the straight-line depreciation method over the useful lives of each part 
of an item of property and equipment. Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease period and their useful lives, unless it is certain that the 
Bank will obtain the property at the end of the lease period. 
The estimated useful lives as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, are as follows: 
 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
Buildings 
50 years 
50 years 
Machinery and equipment 
3 - 10 years 
3 - 10 years 
Facilities 
7 - 10 years 
7 - 10 years 
Furniture and fixtures 
7 years 
7 years 
Computing equipment 
3 - 6years 
3 - 6 years 
Real estate improvements 
10 years 
10 years 
Other property, plant, and equipment 
3 - 6 years 
3 - 6 years 
 
u. 
Assets received in lieu of payment 
 
They are classified under the caption "non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale", they are recorded at the lower of their foreclosure cost or 
the net realizable value, less regulatory write-offs required by the CMF and are presented net of allowances. Write-offs are required if the asset is not 
sold within 18 months of receipt. 
 
v. 
Personnel benefits 
 
i. 
Vacation: 
 
The annual vacation cost is recognized on an accrual basis. 
 
ii. Short term benefits: 
 
The Bank contemplates an annual incentive plan for its employees for meeting objectives, consisting of a certain number or portion of monthly 
remuneration and is provisioned based on the estimated amount to be distributed. 
 
iii. Severance indemnity payments: 
 
The Bank and its subsidiaries have not agreed with their staff to make severance indemnity payments to all events, except for the subsidiaries BCI 
Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales SA and BCI Administradora de Tarjeta Servicios Financieros Limitada, which have 
defined benefit plans in a collective agreement with part of their employees, these plans correspond to contracts with severance indemnity payments to all 
events, whose obligation is recorded at its actuarial value. 
 
These companies recognize a provision (see note 37) to reflect the obligation to pay severance indemnity to employees who are entitled to receive this 
benefit in any event. This provision has been calculated using an actuarial methodology that considers estimates of staff turnover, discount rate, salary 
increase rate and mortality. The liability for employee benefits is presented at present value using the projected unit credit method. In accordance with 
the provisions of "IAS 19 Employee Benefits". Actuarial gains or losses related to experience adjustments and changes in variables are recognized as 
other comprehensive income and form part of the balance of Other Equity Reserves. 
 
The cost of services for the current period is the increase in the present value of the defined benefit obligation, which occurs as a result of the services 
provided by employees in the current period. 
 
The financial cost is the increase produced during a period in the present value of the obligations for defined benefits, as a result of the fact that such 
benefits are a period closer to their expiration. 
 
A present obligation exists when, and only when. The Entity has no realistic alternative but to make the corresponding payments. 
 
 
F-153

--- Page 456 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 24 
 
 
 
The assumptions used are the following: 
 
Detail 
Source 
Mortality 
Mortality tables "RV-2014" and “CB-2014” established by the Financial Market Commission (CMF) were used 
Employee turnover 
The historical turnover for executives in the collective agreement, voluntary resignation or company needs is 3.33% 
Discount rate 
The discount rate used to discount benefit payment flows for severance indemnity corresponded to a real annual rate of 3.2%. This rate corresponds to the 20-
year BCU as of December 31, 2023. (Source: Central Bank) 
Salary increases rate 
The increase in salaries used for the projections, both for increase of the base salary and for total remuneration and corresponds to a real annual rate of 3.0% 
Retirement 
The retirement ages used to make the payment projections correspond to the minimum legal ages for retirement in Chile (DL,3500), ages that are generally 
used in the market, except when the reality of the company indicates otherwise. These ages correspond to 65 years for men and 60 years for women. 
 
As of December 31, 2023, because of changes in variables, a release against other reserves was made of MCh$91. As of December 31, 2022, because of 
changes in variables, the Bank made an adjustment against other reserves of MCh$132. 
 
w. 
Leases 
 
On the commencement date of a lease, the Bank recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability in accordance with the provisions of IFRS 16. 
 
i) 
Right-of-use assets 
 
The Bank leases a number of office and branch premises, which are necessary to perform its activities. Contract terms are individually negotiated and 
comprise a wide range of terms and conditions. 
 
Leases are recognized, measured, and disclosed in accordance with IFRS 16 “Leases”. This requires that a right-of-use asset and its corresponding 
liability be determined at the date the asset is available for use. Each lease payment is distributed between the liability and interest. The financial interest 
is charged to the financial margin during the period of the lease. As well as the right-of-use asset, which is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the 
term of the contract. 
 
The lease term includes the non-cancellable period established in the lease agreements, and generally have an automatic renewal clause, which are not 
included in the calculation of the financial liability. Additionally, each of the parties can terminate the agreement early, prior notice. For both concepts, 
only the current contractual period has been considered to calculate the impact of this new regulation. For lease agreements with an indefinite useful 
life. The Bank has determined to assign a useful life equal to the longest non-cancellable period of its lease contracts. 
 
The present value of the lease payments is determined using the discount rate that represents the Bank's incremental rate at the commencement of the 
contracts, based on the duration of each of them from the initial date of application. 
 
At the initial measurement, the Bank measures the right-of-use asset at cost. The rent of the lease contracts is agreed in UF (inflation-adjusted unit) and 
paid in Chilean pesos. In accordance with the provisions of Circular No. 3649 issued by the CMF, the monthly variation in UF that affects the contracts 
established in such monetary unit must be treated as a remeasurement, and therefore, the adjustments must be recognized as a modification to the 
obligation and at the same time the amount of the asset must be adjusted for the right of use assets. 
 
Contracts whose non-cancellable period is equal to or less than 12 months are treated as short-term leases, and therefore the associated payments are 
recorded as a linear expense, any modification in the terms or rental fee is treated as a remeasurement of the lease. 
 
The Bank has not entered into lease agreements with residual value guarantee clauses or variable lease payments. 
 
The Bank applies IAS 36 “Impairment of assets” to determine whether the right-of-use asset is impaired and to account for any identified impairment 
losses. 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022. The Bank has not identified impairment in the value of assets for the right of use assets. 
 
ii) 
Lease liability 
 
The Bank measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at that date. The lease payments are discounted using 
the interest rate implicit in the lease if that rate could be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the Bank shall use the incremental 
borrowing rate. Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise payments for the right to use the underlying asset during the 
lease term that are not paid at the measurement date, which include (a) fixed payments, less any lease incentives receivable; (b) variable lease payments 
that depend on an index or rate. Initially measured using the index or rate at the commencement date; (c) amounts expected to be payable by the lessee 
under residual value guarantees; (d) the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and (e) payments 
for penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease. 
 
After the commencement date, the Bank measures the lease liability to recognize (a) interest on the lease liability; (b) lease payments made; and (c) 
remeasurements or modifications to the lease, and to reflect revised in-substance fixed lease payments. 
 
The Bank remeasures the lease liability by discounting the revised lease payments, if, among others, (a) there is a change in the amounts expected to be 
payable under a residual value guarantee. 
 
A lessee shall determine the lease payments to reflect the change in amounts expected to be payable under the residual value guarantee; (b) a change in 
future lease payments results from a change in an index or rate used to determine those payments. 
 
The Bank remeasures the lease liability to reflect those revised lease payments only when there is a change in the cash flows. The Bank shall determine 
the revised lease payments for the remainder of the lease term based on the revised contractual payments. 
 
As of January 1, 2019. The date of implementation of the standard. The Bank measured the lease liability at the present value of discounted lease 
payments using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate. 
 
 
F-154

--- Page 457 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 25 
 
 
 
x. 
Statements of cash flows 
 
For the preparation of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, the indirect method has been used, in which, whereby taking profit or loss before tax 
for the period non-cash transactions are included, as well as income and expense associated with investing or financing cash flows. 
 
For the preparation of the Consolidated Cash Flow Statements, the following terms are used: 
 
 
Cash flows: inflows and outflows of cash and cash equivalents, understood as short-term, highly liquid investments with insignificant risk of changes 
in value, such as: deposits in the Central Bank of Chile, deposits in domestic banks and foreign deposits. 
 
 
Operating activities: are the principal revenue-producing activities of banks and other activities that are not investing or financing activities. 
 
 
Investing activities: are the acquisition and disposal of long-term assets and other investments not included in cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 
Financing activities: are activities that result in changes in the size and composition of equity and liabilities that are not operating and investing 
activities. 
 
y. 
Provisions and contingent liabilities 
 
Provisions are liabilities of uncertain timing and amount; these provisions are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position when the 
following requirements are met collectively: 
 
 
A liability is a present obligation arising from past events, at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements, it is likely that the Bank or its 
subsidiaries will have to use an outflow of economic benefits to settle the obligation and the amount of these outflows can be measured reliably. 
 
A contingent asset or liability is any obligation arising from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence of one or more 
uncertain future events occur not wholly within the control of the Bank. 
 
The provisions (which are measured considering the best information available on the outcome of the event that gave rise to them and are remeasured at 
each period-end) are used to meet the specific obligations for which they were originally recognized, proceeding to their reversal, totally or partially, when 
said obligations cease to exist or decrease. 
 
Provisions are classified according to the obligations hedged, and are as follows: 
 
 
Provisions for employee benefit obligations 
 
Provision for lawsuits and litigation 
 
Provisions for obligations of customer loyalty programs 
 
Provisions for operational risk 
 
Other provisions for other contingencies 
 
Provisions for country risk for operations with foreign debtors 
 
The Bank makes provisions for country risk in accordance with chapter B-6 of the CNCB to hedge the risk that has been assumed by maintaining or 
committing resources in a foreign country. Said provisions must be made based on the country ratings made by the Bank in accordance with the 
provisions of RAN 7-13 on country risk and country ratings.  
 
Provisions for credit loss for contingent loans 
 
Contingent loans correspond to transactions or commitments in which the Bank assumes a credit risk by committing itself to third parties in the event of 
a future event, to make a payment or disbursement that must be recovered from its customers. 
 
To calculate the provisions as indicated in Chapter B-1 of the CNCB, the amount of the exposure to be considered shall be equivalent to the percentage of 
the amounts of the contingent loans and which is established in Chapter B-3 of the CNCB. As indicated below: 
 
Type of contingent exposure: 
FCC 
Freely available, immediate payment revolving credit facility 
10% 
Contingent loans linked to the CAE 
15% 
Letters of credit for goods movement operations 
20% 
Other freely available revolving credit facilities 
40% 
Debt purchase commitments in local currency abroad 
50% 
Transactions related to contingent events 
50% 
Co-debtor and guarantees 
100% 
Other credit commitments 
100% 
Other contingent loans 
100% 
 
Provisions for operational risk 
The Bank constitutes provisions for operational risk in accordance with IAS 37 "Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets", in which 
losses due to operational risk events are recognized, including external costs and eventual pending losses with a direct relationship to the operational risk 
event as established by Chapter 21-8 of the RAN. 
 
i. 
Additional allowances: 
 
The CMF has defined those additional allowances are those not derived from the application of the portfolio assessment models of each bank or to 
compensate for their deficiencies and must be to protect against the risk of unpredictable economic fluctuations. 
 
The additional allowances are established to protect against the risk of macroeconomic fluctuations to anticipate situations of reversal of expansionary 
economic cycles that. In the future, could result in a worsening of the conditions of the economic environment and. In this way, function as an anti- 
cyclical mechanism of accumulation of additional allowances when the scenario is favorable and the use or allocation to specific allowances when 
conditions deteriorate. 
 
The Bank has formal criteria and procedures for their use and establishment for the determination of additional allowances, which are approved by the 
Board of Directors. 
 
 
F-155

--- Page 458 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 26 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 2023, the Bank has a stock of additional allowances of MCh$375,900 (MCh$415,022 as of December 31, 2022), which were made 
to anticipate the potential impairment of the loan portfolios arising from the crisis generated by the Covid-19 pandemic. During 2023, Management 
proposed and the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors approved a plan to release additional allowances, performed during the last quarter of 
MCh$50,000 in the commercial portfolio, which is explained by our counter-cyclical model and which, together with the experts’ analysis, indicate that 
the latent risk that justified making additional provisions in this portfolio has not materialized and is not expected to materialize. 
 
These allowances are in accordance with the provisions of Number 10 of Chapter B-1 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards issued by the 
Financial Market Commission, which will be presented in liabilities in the caption "Special provisions for credit loss" (see note 26). 
 
ii. Minimum allowances required for the normal individual portfolio: 
 
The CMF has defined that the Bank must maintain a minimum allowance percentage of 0.50% on loans and contingent loans of the normal individual 
portfolio in accordance with the provisions of number 2.1.3 of Chapter B-1 of the Compendium of accounting Standards, which are presented in liabilities.  
 
z. 
Use of estimates and judgments 
 
In preparing these Consolidated Financial Statements, the Bank’s Management has made judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the 
application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities. Income, and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates, 
which Management periodically evaluates and monitors. 
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed by the Bank's Senior Management on an ongoing basis to quantify certain assets, liabilities, income, 
expenses, and uncertainties. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future years 
affected. 
 
Information about most significant areas of estimation of uncertainties and critical judgments made in applying accounting policies that have the most 
significant effects on the amounts recognized in the Consolidates Financial Statements is included in the following notes: 
 
- 
Provisions for credit loss (notes 13 and 26) 
- 
Impairment losses on certain assets (note 40) 
- 
Valuation of financial instruments (notes 8,9, 10 and 11) 
- 
Useful life of intangible assets and property and equipment (notes 15 and 16) 
- 
Use of tax losses (note 18) 
- 
Contingencies and commitments (note 29) 
- 
Employee benefits (note 37) 
 
aa. 
Income tax and deferred taxes 
 
The determination of corporate income tax expense is made in accordance with IAS 12 and the Income Tax Law, whose legal rate is 27% for the general 
regime of art.14 letter A of the law, which both BCI and its subsidiaries in Chile follow. 
 
The Bank recognizes, when appropriate, deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future estimates of the tax effects attributable to differences between 
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax base. 
 
Deferred tax assets/liabilities are measured, in accordance with current Chilean tax legislation, at the tax rates that are expected to be applied in the year 
in which the asset and/or liability are realized or settle. Future effects from changes in tax legislation or income tax rate are recognized in deferred tax 
starting from the date in which the law approving such changes is enacted or substantially enacted. 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Bank has recognized net deferred tax assets and liabilities as Management has assessed that it expects to obtain 
taxable profit in the future that allow using existing temporary differences at each period-end. 
 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset in the Statements of Financial Position, if there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets 
against current tax liabilities, and only if these deferred taxes are related to income taxes corresponding to the same tax authority. 
 
In February 2010, in Washington D.C., Chile and the United States of America  entered into a tax treaty to avoid international double taxation, which 
was confirmed by the Chilean Congress in September 2015. 
 
On December 19, 2023, the U.S. Treasury Department announced the entry into force of the treaty, indicating that the applicable procedures have been 
fulfilled. In Chile, the agreement was published in the official gazette on January 27, 2024, and is effective beginning in 2024.  
 
 
 
bb. 
Dividends on ordinary shares 
 
Dividends on ordinary shares are recognized in equity in the year in which they were approved by the Bank's Shareholders' Meeting. 
 
The Bank recognizes in liabilities the share of profits for the year that will be distributed in compliance with the Law on Corporations, which establishes 
that at least 30% of the net income for the year will be distributed as a dividend, or in accordance with its dividend policy. 
 
cc. 
Earnings per share 
 
Basic earnings per share are determined by dividing net income attributable to the Bank for the year by the subscribed and fully-paid shares outstanding 
during the year. 
 
Diluted earnings per share is determined similarly to basic earnings per share, but subscribed and fully-paid shares outstanding are adjusted for the 
potential dilutive effect of share options and convertible debt. 
 
 
dd. 
Separate Equity performed by the subsidiary BCI Securitizadora SA 
 
Securitization companies can acquire assets on behalf of the separate equities that support the issuance of securitized bonds. These assets must have 
similar characteristics and each issue will form a separate equity. 
 
These assets can be from future cash flows (a "business plan" or future cash flows to be obtained from a specific asset or group of assets or company are 
securitized) or from an existing asset (a portfolio of receivables, mortgage loans, etc.). 
 
The above distinction is relevant on how the Bank's debt should be accounted for; in the first case of future cash flows. It must be accounted for in 
Separate Equity and to the originator, and in the case of existing assets only in Separate Equity. 
 
 
F-156

--- Page 459 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 27 
 
 
 
NOTE 3 – NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS ISSUED AND ADOPTED, OR ISSUED BUT NOT YET ADOPTED 
 
Standards approved and/or amended by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) 
 
a. The following new standards and interpretations and/or amendments have been adopted in these financial statements: 
 
New IFRS 
Mandatory implementation date 
IFRS 17. Insurance contracts 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. This 
date includes the exemption of insurers from the application 
of IFRS 9 to allow them to implement IFRS 9 and IFRS 17 at 
the same time. Early adoption is permitted for entities 
applying IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 on or before that date. 
Amendments to IFRS 
 
Accounting policy disclosures (Amendments to IAS 1 and 
Statement of Practice 2 Making Materiality-Related 
Judgments) 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. Early 
adoption is allowed. 
Definition of accounting estimate (IAS 8 amendments) 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. Early 
adoption is permitted and will be applied prospectively to 
changes in accounting estimates and changes in accounting 
policies that occur on or after the beginning of the first annual 
reporting period in which the company applies the 
modifications. 
Deferred tax on assets and liabilities arising from a single 
transaction (amendments to IAS 12) 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. Early 
adoption is allowed. 
Initial implementation of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 – Comparative 
information (Amendments to IFRS 17) 
The amendment is applicable from the application of IFRS 17 
Insurance Contracts. 
 
IFRS 17. Insurance contracts 
 
Issued on May 18, 2017, this Standard requires that insurance liabilities be measured at a current performance value and provides a more uniform 
approach to presentation and measurement for all insurance contracts. These requirements are designed to generate consistent, principle-based 
accounting. 
 
In March 2020, the International Accounting Standards Board (the Board) decided to defer the effective date of IFRS 17 to 1 January 2023, allowing 
early adoption if IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 have been adopted. The Board also decided to extend the temporary exemption to IFRS 9, granted to insurers that 
meet the specified criteria, until January 1, 2023. 
 
The application of this new regulation had no impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements, given that the companies in our consolidation radius do 
not issue insurance contracts. 
 
Disclosures of accounting policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and Statement of Practice 2 Making Materiality Judgments) 
 
In October 2018, the Council refined the definition of materiality to make it easier to understand and apply. This definition is aligned with the entire 
IFRS framework including the conceptual framework. The changes to the definition of materiality complement the non-mandatory Statement of Practice 
2 Making Materiality-Related Judgments issued by the Board in 2017, which outlines a four-step procedure that can be used to assist in making 
materiality judgments in the preparation of financial statements. 
 
In February 2021, the Board issued amendments to IAS 1 presentation of financial statements and an update to Practice Statement 2. 
 
The modifications include the following: 
 
• 
Requires companies to disclose their material accounting policies rather than meaningful accounting policies; 
• 
Clarify that accounting policies relating to intangible transactions, other events or conditions are themselves immaterial and therefore do not 
need to be disclosed; 
• 
 Clarify that not all accounting policies that are related to material transactions, other events or conditions, are themselves material to the 
company's financial statements. 
 
The amendments to Practice Statement 2 include two additional examples of the application of materiality in accounting policy disclosures. 
 
The application of this amendment had no impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Definition of accounting estimate (IAS 8 amendments) 
 
In February 2021,the Board issued amendments to IAS 8, Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors, to clarify how companies 
should distinguish between changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates, with the main focus on defining and clarifying 
accounting estimates. 
 
The amendments clarify the relationship between policies and accounting estimates, specifying that a company develops an accounting estimate to 
achieve the objective previously defined in an accounting policy. 
 
The implementation of this amendment had no significant impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Deferred tax relating to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction (IAS 12 amendments) 
 
In May 2021, the Board issued amendments to IAS 12 deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction, to clarify how 
companies should account for deferred tax in certain types of transactions where an asset and a liability are recognized, such as leases and 
decommissioning obligations. 
 
The amendments reduce the scope of the exemption in the initial recognition so that it does not apply to transactions that result in equal and countervailing 
temporary differences. As a result, companies will need to recognize a deferred tax asset and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences arising in 
the initial recognition of a lease and a retirement obligation. 
 
The implementation of this amendment had no significant impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 
F-157

--- Page 460 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 28 
 
 
 
Initial implementation of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 – Comparative information (Amendments to IFRS 17) 
 
In December 2021, the Board issued amendments to IFRS 17 Initial Application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 – Comparative Information, with the aim of 
alleviating the operational complexities between accounting for insurance contract liabilities and related financial assets in the initial application of IFRS 
17. 
 
The amendments allow the presentation of comparative information of financial assets related to insurance contracts to be presented in a manner 
consistent with the provisions of International Financial Reporting Standard 9 (IFRS 9) Financial Instruments. 
 
The application of this amendment had no impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements, given that the companies in our consolidation radius do not 
issue insurance contracts. 
 
b. The following new standards and interpretations have been issued but their implementation date is not yet in force: 
 
Accounting pronouncements issued not yet in force 
 
The following accounting statements issued are applicable to annual periods beginning after January 1, 2023, and have not been applied in the preparation 
of these consolidated financial statements. The Bank intends to adopt the accounting pronouncements that correspond to them on their respective dates 
of application and not in advance. 
 
Amendments to IFRS 
Mandatory implementation date 
Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current (Amendments to IAS 1) 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024. 
Early adoption is allowed 
Sale or Contributions of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint 
Venture (Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28) 
Effective date deferred indefinitely 
Liabilities for Leases in a Sale with Subsequent Lease (Amendments to IFRS 16) 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024. 
Early adoption is allowed 
Non-Current Liabilities with Covenants 
(Amendments to IAS 1) 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024. 
Supplier Financing Agreements 
(Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7) 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024. 
Lack of Exchangeability (Amendment to IAS 21) 
 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2025. 
Early adoption is permitted. 
 
Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current (Amendment to IAS 1) 
 
In order to promote uniformity of application and clarify the requirements for determining whether a liability is current or non-current. The International 
Accounting Standards Board has amended IAS 1, presentation of financial statements. As a result of this modification, banks must review their loan 
agreements to determine if their classification will change. 
  
The amendments include the following: 
 
• 
The right to defer cancellation must be substantiated: Current IAS 1 states that entities classify a liability as current when they do not have an 
unconditional right to defer cancellation of the liability for at least twelve months after the date of the reporting period. As part of its amendments. The 
IASB has removed the requirement that the right be unconditional and instead states that the right to defer cancellation must be substantiated and exist 
at the end of the reporting period. 
 
• 
The classification of revolving credit lines may change: institutions classify a liability as non-current if they are entitled to defer its cancellation 
for at least twelve months from the end of the reporting period. Now, the IASB has clarified that the right to deferment exists only if the company meets 
the conditions specified in the loan agreement at the end of the reporting period, even if the lender does not verify compliance until a later date. 
 
• 
Liabilities with equity cancellation characteristics: the amendments indicate that the cancellation of a liability includes the transfer of the entity's 
own equity instruments to the other party. The amendment clarifies how entities classify a liability that includes a conversion option of the other party, 
which could be recognized as equity or as a liability separately from the liability component in IAS 32 financial instruments: Presentation. 
 
The amendment is effective, retroactively. For annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024. Early application is allowed. However, companies 
should consider including disclosures in accordance with IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors in their subsequent 
annual financial statements. 
 
Management has not determined the potential impact of the application of this amendment on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Sale or Contributions of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture (Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28) 
 
On September 11, 2014, this amendment was issued which requires that, when transfers of subsidiaries are made to an associate or joint venture, the 
entire gain is recognized when the transferred assets meet the definition of "business" under IFRS 3 Business Combinations. The amendment establishes 
a strong pressure in the definition of "business" for recognition in results. The amendment also introduces new and unexpected postings for transactions 
that consider partial maintenance on assets that are not businesses. 
 
The effective date of application of this amendment has been postponed indefinitely. 
 
The Bank's Management is waiting for the new term to evaluate the potential effects of this modification. 
 
Leasing Liabilities on a Sale with Subsequent Lease (Amendments to IFRS 16) 
 
In September 2022, the Board issued amendments to IFRS 16 Leases – Lease Liabilities in a Subsequent Lease Sale, which establishes the requirements 
for how an entity should account for a subsequent leaseback sale after the transaction date. 
 
While IFRS 16 includes requirements on how to account for a sale with subsequent leaseback on the date the transaction takes place, the Standard does 
not specify what the subsequent measurement of this transaction would look like. The amendments issued by the Board are in addition to the requirements 
set out in IFRS 16 for sales with subsequent leaseback, and which support the consistent application of the Standard.  
 
The Company does not expect that the application of these amendments will have a significant effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 
F-158

--- Page 461 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 29 
 
 
 
Non-current liabilities with covenants (Amendments to IAS) 
 
The International Accounting Standards Board (the Board) issued in October 2022 the amendment to IAS 1 presentation of financial statements. In 
which it states that only covenants that an enterprise must comply with at or before the reporting date affect the classification of a liability as current or 
non-current.  
 
The covenants that the enterprise must comply with after the filing date (i.e., future covenants) do not affect the classification of a liability on that date. 
However, where non-current liabilities are subject to covenants, companies will now be required to disclose information to help users understand the 
risk that those liabilities may become repayable within 12 months of the filing date. 
 
The Bank's Management has not determined the potential impact of the application of this amendment on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Supplier Financing Agreements 
 
The International Accounting Standards Board issued in May 2023 amendments to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: 
Disclosures, which establish additional disclosure requirements to be incorporated in the notes. In relation to the Supplier Financing Agreements, which 
will complement the requirements currently established by IFRS and will provide information that will allow the Users (investors) assess the effects of 
these arrangements on the institution's liabilities and cash flows. As well as the institution's exposure to liquidity risk. 
 
It incorporates a requirement to disclose the type and effect of non-monetary changes in the carrying amounts of financial liabilities that are part of a 
supplier financing agreement. 
 
The incorporated amendments apply to vendor financing agreements that have all of the following characteristics: 
 
• 
The financing provider pays the amounts that a company (the buyer) owes to its suppliers. 
 
• 
The company agrees to pay under the terms and conditions of the agreements on the same date or a later date than its suppliers are paid. 
 
• 
The company has extended payment terms or suppliers benefit from advance payment terms, compared to the due date of the payment of the 
corresponding invoice. 
 
No changes are incorporated with respect to the classification and presentation of liabilities and related cash flows and do not apply to financing 
agreements related to accounts receivable or inventories. 
 
The Bank's Management has not determined the potential impact of the application of this amendment on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Lack of Exchangeability (Amendment to IAS 21) 
 
On August 15, 2023, the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) issued the amendment to IAS21 — The Effects of Changes in Foreign 
Exchange Rates, "Lack of Exchangeability" to respond to commentary from stakeholders and concerns on the diversity in practice when accounting for 
the lack of exchangeability between currencies. These amendments establish criteria that will allow companies to assess whether a currency is 
exchangeable into another currency and when it is not, so that they can determine the exchange rate to be used and the disclosures to be provided, in the 
event that the currency is not exchangeable. 
 
The amendments state that a currency is exchangeable into another currency at a measurement date when an entity can exchange that currency into 
another currency within a timeframe that includes a normal administrative delay and through a market or exchange mechanism in which the exchange 
transaction would create enforceable rights and obligations. If an entity can only obtain  an insignificant amount of the other currency at the measurement 
date for the specified purpose, the currency is not exchangeable into the other currency. 
 
The assessment of whether a currency is exchangeable into another currency depends on an entity's ability to obtain the other currency and not on its 
intention or decision to do so. 
 
When a currency is not exchangeable into another currency at a measurement date, an entity is required to estimate the spot exchange rate at that date. 
An entity's purpose when estimating the spot exchange rate is to reflect the rate at which an orderly exchange transaction would take place at the 
measurement date between market participants under economic conditions prevailing. The amendments do not specify how an entity estimates the spot 
exchange rate to meet that objective. An entity may use an observable exchange rate without adjustment or other estimation technique. Examples of an 
observable exchange rate include: 
 
- A spot exchange rate for a purpose other than that for which an entity assesses exchangeability. 
- The first exchange rate at which an entity can obtain the other currency for the specified purpose after currency exchangeability is restored (first 
subsequent exchange rate). 
 
An entity using another estimation technique may use any observable exchange rate (including rates of exchange transactions in foreign exchange 
markets or mechanisms that do not create enforceable rights and obligations) and adjust that exchange rate, as required, to meet the objective established 
previously. 
 
An entity is required to apply the amendments for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2025. Early adoption is permitted. If an 
entity applies the amendments for an earlier period, it is required to disclose that fact. 
 
The Bank's management has not determined the potential impact of the application of this amendment on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
c. Sustainability regulatory pronouncements not yet in force 
 
The following pronouncements issued are applicable for the preparation of sustainability reports. The Panel intends to adopt the pronouncements on 
their respective implementation dates and not in advance. 
 
New Sustainability IFRS 
Mandatory implementation date 
IFRS S1 General Requirements for Sustainability 
Disclosures Related to Financial Reporting 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024. Early adoption is 
allowed with the joint implementation of IFRS S2. 
IFRS S2 Climate-related disclosures 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024. Early adoption is 
permitted with the joint implementation of IFRS S1.  
 
 
 
F-159

--- Page 462 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 30 
 
 
 
IFRS S1 General Requirements for Sustainability Disclosures Related to Financial Reporting 
 
On 25 June 2023, the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) issued the first Sustainability Standards, IFRS S1 sets out the general disclosure 
requirements for information on sustainability issues related to financial reporting that is useful to key users in decision-making. 
 
This Standard requires an entity to disclose information on all relevant sustainability-related topics in the areas of governance, strategy, risk management, 
and metrics and objectives.  Additionally, it establishes disclosure requirements about sustainability-related risks and opportunities that could affect 
short, medium- or long-term cash flows, access to financing, or cost of capital. 
 
Its implementation date is effective. For annual periods beginning on, or after, January 1, 2024. Early adoption is permitted, with implementation in 
conjunction with IFRS S2 Climate-Related Disclosure. 
 
The Company expects that the application of this new standard has no significant effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
IFRS S2 Climate-related disclosures 
 
On 25 June 2023, the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) issued the first Sustainability Standards, IFRS S2 sets out the information that 
an entity must disclose about its exposure to significant climate-related risks and opportunities, in order to: 
 
 
Users of general-purpose financial information can assess the effect of risks and opportunities on the business value of the entity. 
 
Understand how the entity's use of resources and the corresponding inputs, activities, outputs and outcomes support the entity's response and 
strategy to manage its significant climate change-related risks and opportunities. 
 
Assess the entity's ability to adapt its planning, business model and operations to the risks and opportunities identified. 
 
Its implementation date is effective, for annual periods beginning on, or after, January 1, 2024. Its early adoption is allowed, with the application in 
conjunction with IFRS S1 General Requirements for Sustainability Disclosure related to Financial Reporting. 
 
The Company expects that the application of this new standard has no significant effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 
d. Standards and instructions issued by the CMF 
 
Circular No. 2,330: On January 13, 2023, the Financial Market Commission incorporated a new Chapter 21-14 to the Updated Compilation of Rules 
for Banks, which contains the provisions related to the development of the Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process (ILAAP) and the general 
requirements and conditions considered by the Commission for the assessment of the adequacy of the liquidity position of banks. 
 
The Bank's Management believes that the application of this standard will have no effect on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Circular No. 2,331: On February 7, 2023, the Commission has decided to incorporate and/or update its information systems to require the audited 
institutions the necessary information to evaluate the operation of the FOGAPE Chile Apoya program, developed within the framework of the provisions 
of Law No. 21,514 and Supreme Decree No. 435 of the Ministry of Finance. Accordingly, the institutions should prepare the following periodic 
information files:  
 
1. File C50 on operations associated with special FOGAPE guarantee programs. This is a modification to the current C50 file, which reports on a 
monthly basis the transactions subject to provisions for credit risk that have a FOGAPE COVID-19 and FOGAPE Reactivation guarantee, adding a 
code in field 16 to identify the transactions that have a FOGAPE Chile Apoya guarantee. 
2. New D61 file on daily interest rates of operations guaranteed by FOGAPE Chile Apoya. 
3. New E25 file on the detail of financing requests under the FOGAPE Chile Apoya program. 
 
The application of this standard had no effect on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Circular No. 2,333: On May 13, 2023, the CMF modified chapters 18-5 on debtor information of financial institutions. In order to improve the 
completeness of the information required from banks, banking support companies, credit card issuers and supervised credit unions, within the framework 
of the provisions of Article 14 of the General Banking Law, the Commission has deemed it appropriate to require them to continue reporting those 
transactions that, having been originated by them, are later assigned or sold to securitization companies or securitized credit funds. To the extent that the 
referred supervised institutions maintain the administration of such transactions. 
 
Accordingly, it is necessary to incorporate new codes in field 4 of file D10 and D27, which will allow this Commission to distinguish the operations 
assigned or sold, as well as the fields that identify them in files R04 and R05. 
 
The application of this standard had no effect on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Circular No. 2,336: on June 20, 2023, the Commission considered it appropriate to repeal the RAN Chapter 12-21 rules on measurement and control 
of interest rate risk in the banking book and readjustment, since its provisions became ineffective as of April 2023, as established by Circular No. 2.312. 
 
The application of this standard had no effect on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Circular No. 2,337: On July 2, 2023, the CMF has resolved to update the disclosure requirements for institutions inspected that grant financing under 
the Special Guarantee Fund (hereinafter FOGAES), to evaluate the operation of their programs, for such purposes, financial institutions should prepare 
the following files: 
 
- File C70 on accounting information of operations associated with FOGAES programs. 
- New file D62 on daily interest rates of operations guaranteed by FOGAES. 
- New file E26 on the detail of financing requests under FOGAES programs. 
 
The application of this standard had no effect on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 
F-160

--- Page 463 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 31 
 
 
 
General Standard No. 498: On October 11, 2023, the CMF issued a definition of the complementary activities that payment card operating companies 
may perform, as follows: 
 
1. Sales reporting and reconciliation or cash balancing services.  
2. Services related to the issuance of electronic receipts or invoices for transactions performed using any means of payment.  
3. The collection of payments on behalf of third parties and their processing, provided that these are made through electronic means of payment, including 
the issuance of vouchers and receipts. 
 
The Operator may offer the complementary services indicated in the list above only to companies with which it has contracts associated with its line of 
business; i.e. Issuers, other Operators, PSPs or to related and unrelated affiliated entities, and must provide them in compliance with the same principles 
established for the services included in its line of business. 
 
The application of this standard had no effect on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
General Standard No. 500: On December 12, 2023, the CMF issued instructions and a regulatory file for compliance with the provisions of Article 28 
of Law No. 14,908 on family abandonment and payment of alimony. Banks and banking support companies, Savings and Credit Cooperatives subject 
to oversight, Insurance Companies and Agents Administrators of Endorsable Mortgage Mutuals or any other provider of financial products and services 
subject to the oversight of CMF under Article 28 of Law No. 14,908, should consult the National Registry of Alimony Debtors (RNDPA) when entering 
into a loan transaction with a natural person in which the amount of the loan is equal to or higher than fifty Unidades de Fomento. In the event that the 
loan applicant has a current registration with the RNDPA, entities will be obliged to withhold from such funds an amount equivalent to fifty percent of 
the loan or such lesser amount sufficient to cover the total amount of alimony owed, in accordance with the information contained in the Register. 
 
Additionally, entities subject to oversight must send regulatory file T01 reporting all money loan transactions entered into with natural persons associated 
with article 28 of Law No. 14,908 within the reporting period, for amounts equal to or higher than 50 Unidades de Fomento, within the first 7 business 
days of the month following the month reported. 
 
The application of this standard had no effect on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Circular No. 2,342: on December 28, 2023, the CMF incorporated a new regulatory file C64 on "Transactions that enter the non-performing portfolio 
and renegotiations, recoveries and expenses of non-performing loans" to the Banks' Information Systems Manual. The first report must be submitted in 
January 2025 containing closing information referring to December 2024. 
 
The application of this standard will have no effect on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
NOTE 4 – ACCOUNTING CHANGES 
 
During the year ended December 31, 2023, there have been no changes in accounting policy compared to the prior year that significantly affect these 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 
F-161

--- Page 464 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 32 
 
 
 
NOTE 5 – SIGNIFICANT EVENTS 
 
a) Agreement for the distribution of profits for the year 2022 
 
On March 14, 2023, a Board of Directors meeting was held, where it was agreed to determine the distribution of the net profits obtained by the Bank in 
2022, which was approved at the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting held on April 4, 2023. 
 
The approved subjects are the following: 
 
Distribute the balance of net profits amounting to Ch$820,821,690,521 (MCh$820,822), as follows: 
 
 
Distribute a dividend of Ch$1,500 per share among the total of 168,837,345 shares issued and registered in the Shareholders' Registry, which 
implies allocating for this purpose the sum of Ch$253,256,017,500  (MCh$253,256), i.e., 30.85% of the distributable net income for the year 
2022; and 
 
Allocate the remaining balance of profits for the year to the reserve fund from profit, i.e., the sum of Ch$567,565,673,021  (MCh$567,566). 
 
At the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting held on April 4, 2023, the following was approved: 
 
- 
Capitalize reserves from profit of Ch$540,925,430,023 (MCh$540,925) as follows: 
 
 
The amount of Ch$540,925,422,275 (MCh$540,925), through the issuance of 21,700,678 paid-in shares without par value. 
 
The amount of Ch$7,748, without the issuance of shares, through the capitalization of reserve funds from profits. 
 
b) Issue and placement of bonds 
 
During 2023, no subordinated bond issues or placements have been, made.  
During 2023, the following issues and placements of Current Bonds in Chilean pesos were performed: 
Series 
Placement date 
Nominal 
Internal 
Return 
Rate 
(TIR) (%) 
Due date 
BBCIT40223 
02-24-2023 
35,000,000,000.00 
6.800 
02-01-2029 
BBCIT50223 
02-27-2023 
15,000,000,000.00 
6.580 
02-01-2031 
BBCIT50223 
02-28-2023 
10,500,000,000.00 
6.580 
02-01-2031 
BBCIT50223 
03-08-2023 
9,500,000,000.00 
6.520 
02-01-2031 
BBCIT10223 
03-09-2023 
5,000,000,000.00 
7.050 
02-01-2027 
BBCIT10223 
03-09-2023 
1,500,000,000.00 
7.050 
02-01-2027 
BBCIT60223 
04-11-2023 
31,000,000,000.00 
6.240 
02-01-2033 
BBCIT30223 
06-08-2023 
10,000,000,000.00 
6.520 
02-01-2028 
BBCIT30223 
06-13-2023 
8,500,000,000.00 
6.400 
02-01-2028 
BBCIT30223 
06-15-2023 
9,000,000,000.00 
6.340 
02-01-2028 
BBCIT30223 
06-16-2023 
1,000,000,000.00 
6.340 
02-01-2028 
BBCIT30223 
06-14-2023 
6,500,000,000.00 
6.400 
02-01-2028 
BBCIT60223 
04-04-2023 
4,000,000,000.00 
5.900 
02-01-2033 
BBCIV50723   
11-16-2023 
8,000,000,000.00 
6.470  
01-01-2030 
BBCIV50723   
11-22-2023 
4,500,000,000.00 
6.450  
01-01-2030 
BBCIT20223   
11-29-2023 
7,000,000,000.00 
6.360  
08-01-2027 
BBCIT20223   
12-05-2023 
9,000,000,000.00 
6.350  
08-01-2027 
BBCIT20223   
12-06-2023 
4,000,000,000.00 
6.300  
08-01-2027 
BBCIW50723   
12-20-2023 
5,000,000,000.00 
6.230  
07-01-2032 
BBCIT10223   
12-20-2023 
2,000,000,000.00 
6.170  
02-01-2027 
BBCIT20223   
12-21-2023 
10,000,000,000.00 
6.200  
08-01-2027 
BBCIT20223   
12-26-2023 
2,500,000,000.00 
6.200  
08-01-2027 
BBCIW50723   
12-28-2023 
4,000,000,000.00 
6.200  
07-01-2032 
 
During 2023, the following issues and placements of Current Bonds in UF were performed: 
 
Series 
Placement date 
UF 
Internal 
Return 
Rate 
(TIR) (%) 
Due date 
BBCIS40223   
07-04-2023 
550,000 
2.890  
02-01-2031 
BBCIS40223   
08-01-2023 
185,000 
3.000  
02-01-2031 
BBCIU40223   
08-29-2023 
3,000,000 
3.320  
02-01-2035 
BBCIU30223   
08-29-2023 
1,500,000 
3.310  
08-01-2034 
BBCIU30223   
08-29-2023 
350,000 
3.310  
08-01-2034 
 
During 2023, there have been no issues or placements of current Bonds in Japanese Yen. 
 
During 2023, there have been no issues or placements of Current Bonds in Australian Dollars. 
 
During 2023, there have been no issues or placements of Current Bonds in Euros. 
 
During 2023, the following issue and placement of Current Bonds in U.S. dollars was performed: 
 
Series 
Placement date 
US 
Internal 
Return 
Rate 
(TIR) (%) 
Due date 
XS2668166775 
08-18-2023 
35,000,000,00 
6.697  
08-18-2028 
 
During 2023, the following issue and placement of Current Bond in Swiss francs was performed: 
 
Series 
Date of issue 
CHF 
Internal 
Return Rate 
(TIR) (%) 
Due date 
CH1248666963 
03-22-2023 
135,000,000 
2.8925 
03-22-2028 
 
 
 
 
F-162

--- Page 465 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 33 
 
 
 
c) Capital increase BCI Peru 
 
On April 13, 2023, the shareholders of Banco BCI Peru agreed to a capital increase of which the Bank has contributed the amount of MCh$41,610. 
 
d) Capital increase BCI Securities 
 
On August 23, 2023, the shareholders of BCI Securities agreed to a capital increase to which the Bank contributed an amount of MCh$3,996. 
 
e) Capital increase in the Bank  
 
On July 4, 2023, the Bank's Board of Directors called an Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting on July 21, 2023 to, among other things, propose to 
increase the Bank's share capital by MCh$600,000 through the issuance of cash shares. On July 21, 2023, the shareholders at the Extraordinary 
Shareholders' Meeting approved to increase share capital by MCh$600,000 through the issuance of 28,066,236 cash shares. On October 21, 2023, the 
pre-emptive subscription period for the shares whose issuance was as a result of the capital increase approved at the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting 
of July 21, 2023, ended. At the end of this period, 26,572,739 shares were subscribed and paid amounting to MCh$ 584,600, equivalent to 94.68% of 
the issue. On October 25, 2023, the remaining unsubscribed and unpaid shares were auctioned, resulting in the full subscription and payment of the 
capital increase, raising a total sum of MCh$617,457. 
 
f) Capital increase BCI Financial Group 
 
On November 20, 2023, a capital increase was agreed at BCIFG, generating a contribution from the Bank of MCh$87,638. 
 
g) Capital increase at BCI Peru 
 
On November 28, 2023, the shareholders of Banco BCI Peru agreed to a capital increase of which the Bank has contributed MCh$25,946. 
 
h) Capital increase at BCI Securities 
 
On November 28, 2023, the shareholders of BCI Securities agreed to a capital increase of which the Bank contributed MCh$20,979. 
 
i) Resignation of Director 
 
On December 7, 2023, at an extraordinary meeting, the Bank's Board of Directors accepted the resignation of Mario Gómez Dubravcic, which occurred 
on December 31, 2023. During this same meeting, the directors agreed to appoint Ignacio Yarur Arrasate as Director beginning on January 1, 2024 and 
until the next ordinary shareholders' meeting.  
 
j) Capital increase at Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales S.A. 
 
On December 18, 2023, a capital increase was authorized for Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales S.A. On January 4, 2024, 
this capital increase was made where the Bank contributed MCh$34,994. 
 
 
F-163

--- Page 466 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 34 
 
 
 
NOTE 6 – BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
 
Pursuant to IFRS 8, the Bank has aggregated operating segments with similar economic characteristics based on the aggregation criteria indicated in the 
standard. Thus, a business segment comprises customers to whom a differentiated product offering is addressed, but who are homogeneous in terms that 
their performance is measured in a similar way and are therefore part of the same business segment. In general terms, such aggregation has no significant 
impact on understanding the nature and effects of the business activities in which the Bank engages and the economic environment in which it operates. 
 
The segment report is presented by the Bank based on the defined business structure, which is aimed at optimizing customer service with products and 
services, according to their relevant commercial characteristics. 
 
To reliably reflect the nature of the Bank's business in the segments in which it engages, the presentation of the note includes the following: 
 
The result of the Balance Sheet management is assigned to the commercial segments according to the composition of assets and liabilities of each 
business. 
 
Corporate expenses are assigned to commercial segments, based on assignment criteria for each of the units established as Corporate (Comptrollership, 
Accounting, General Management, among others). 
 
A minimum provision adjustment is assigned to the segments according to the classification of the customers that originated them. 
 
Voluntary (additional) provisions expense is allocated to the Commercial Segments: Consumer and Housing 100% to Individuals and Commercial based 
on the weight of the Commercial provisions stock of SMEs and Wholesale in the related period. 
 
In June 2021, Private Banking was integrated into Investment & Finance Banking to deepen our business model and enhance investment opportunities. In 
this way, Private Banking was transferred from the Wholesale segment to the Finance segment. 
 
The commercial structure is presented below, with the segments defined by the Bank: 
 
Retail: serves natural persons. Its business units are: Personal and Premium. 
 
SME: this segment includes companies with sales of up to UF 80,000 per year. 
 
Wholesale: considers all companies with sales of more than UF 80,000 per year. 
 
Finance: includes the intermediation of financial positions and the management of the Bank's own investment portfolio. It also considers high-net-worth 
clients and investors that require high-value financial services (Private Banking). 
 
BCI Financial Group: corresponds to business and operations performed in the United States through City National Bank of Florida (CNB), which 
operates as an independent unit, under the supervision of Management Control. 
 
Financial Services: corresponds to businesses associated with the issuance and operation of BCI Líder Mastercard and Presto credit cards, the 
origination of low and high-amount cash advances and personal insurance brokerage, among others, which operates as an independent unit, under the 
supervision of Management Control. 
 
Other: this concept includes expenses and/or income, which due to their nature are not directly identified with the business segments and therefore are 
not assigned. 
 
Allocation of results of subsidiaries by customer: 
 
Consistent with its customer-focused strategy, management of the segments considers in each one the income and expenses generated in the subsidiaries 
as a result of the attention/provision of services to the Bank's customers in each segment. As well as the distribution desk results. 
 
Allocation of balance sheet management result: 
 
To consider in each segment all, the benefits and costs associated with serving its customers, the result for managing currency and term mismatches is 
distributed to the segments. In proportion to the assets and liabilities of each segment. 
 
Allocation of expenses to commercial segments: 
 
Own expenses: correspond to the expenses of the commercial units that are divided into direct business expenses (personnel expenses, customer service, 
extra expenses, materials, and supplies, among others) and intercommercial expenses, which are assigned to the business by survey or ABC 
(transactions). 
 
Assigned expenses: expenses of support units (Operations, Risk, Management, etc.) that are assigned based on surveys (according to the services they 
provide to the business) or ABC (transactions). 
 
Technological expenses: correspond to technological expenses, whether depreciation, recurring expenses (software, licenses, maintenance, etc.) and 
expenses for new projects, which are grouped into the different technological applications of the Bank, which have a defined allocation driver for the 
banks based on their use (ABC model). 
 
These criteria have been applied for the periods ended December 31, 2023, and 2022. 
 
The management of the commercial areas indicated above is measured with the concepts presented in this note, which is based on the accounting 
principles applied to the Bank's Consolidated Statements of Income for the period. 
 
 
F-164

--- Page 467 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 35 
 
 
 
a) Profit (loss) in 2023: 
 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Retail 
SMEs 
Wholesale 
Finance 
Total 
Segments 
BCI Financial 
Group 
Financial 
Services 
Other 
Total 
Consolidated  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Net interest and Inflation-indexation income 
584,218 
199,653 
577,771 
129,071 
1,490,713 
395,443 
96,279 
38,876 
2,021,311 
Net fee income 
142,967 
36,250 
96,740 
4,223 
280,180 
28,054 
24,793 
7,778 
340,805 
Other operating income 
4,448 
11,726 
53,459 
55,647 
125,280 
42,173 
12,968 
(38,226) 
142,195 
Total operating income 
731,633 
247,629 
727,970 
188,941 
1,896,173 
465,670 
134,040 
8,428 
2,504,311 
Provisions for credit risk 
(235,917) 
(20,491) 
9,249 
424 
(246,735) 
(35,284) 
(116,027) 
(1,209) 
(399,255) 
Net operating income 
495,716 
227,138 
737,219 
189,365 
1,649,438 
430,386 
18,013 
7,219 
2,105,056 
Total operating expenses 
(438,243) 
(145,610) 
(221,883) 
(68,734) 
(874,470) 
(268,042) 
(84,000) 
(76,587) 
(1,303,099) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 
57,473 
81,528 
515,336 
120,631 
774,968 
162,344 
(65,987) 
(69,368) 
801,957 
 
Income from investments in companies 
16,018 
Profit before tax 
817,975 
Income tax 
(135,404) 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT FOR THE YEAR 
ENDED  
682,571 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Retail 
SMEs 
Wholesale 
Finance 
Total Segments 
BCI Financial 
Group 
Financial 
Services 
Total 
Consolidated  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
14,339,908 
2,756,126 
12,722,331 
26,082,253 
55,900,618 
22,864,395 
536,140 
79,301,153 
Loans and receivables from customers (1) 
14,071,306 
2,671,663 
12,367,448 
4,946,726 
34,057,143 
15,536,594 
494,145 
50,087,882 
LIABILITIES 
8,179,626 
2,557,461 
10,713,321 
30,510,595 
51,961,003 
20,807,674 
465,100 
73,233,777 
On-demand and term deposits (2) 
7,011,060 
2,337,343 
9,998,858 
4,465,011 
23,812,272 
18,437,355 
2,942 
42,252,569 
EQUITY 
6,067,376 
 
(1) Corresponds to loans receivable from customers plus loans and advances to banks, without deducting their corresponding allowances. 
(2) Corresponds to deposits and other on-demand liabilities and deposits and other term deposits. 
 
b) Profit (loss) in 2022: 
 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
Retail 
SMEs 
Wholesale 
Finance 
Total 
Segments 
BCI Financial 
Group 
Financial 
Services 
Other 
Total 
Consolidated  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Net interest and Inflation-indexation income 
636,270 
205,406 
550,144 
206,028 
1,597,848 
540,863 
119,378 
51,627 
2,309,716 
Net fee income 
174,296 
36,202 
85,443 
8,696 
304,637 
34,816 
30,166 
(2,708) 
366,911 
Other operating income 
9,581 
12,373 
45,204 
(86,820) 
(19,662) 
37,743 
19,844 
(22,869) 
15,056 
Total operating income (loss) 
820,147 
253,981 
680,791 
127,904 
1,882,823 
613,422 
169,388 
26,050 
2,691,683 
Provisions for credit risk 
(157,843) 
(59,366) 
(87,378) 
(3,415) 
(308,002) 
(26,142) 
(133,284) 
(27,442) 
(494,870) 
Net operating income 
662,304 
194,615 
593,413 
124,489 
1,574,821 
587,280 
36,104 
(1,392) 
2,196,813 
Total operating expenses 
(450,193) 
(143,691) 
(208,392) 
(90,457) 
(892,733) 
(261,689) 
(85,666) 
(52,226) 
(1,292,314) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 
212,111 
50,924 
385,021 
34,032 
682,088 
325,591 
(49,562) 
(53,618) 
904,499 
 
Income from investments in companies 
 
 
 
7,404 
Profit before tax 
 
 
 
911,903 
Income tax 
 
 
 
(90,879) 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT FOR THE YEAR 
ENDED 
 
 
 
821,024 
 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
Retail 
SMEs 
Wholesale 
Finance 
Total Segments 
BCI Financial 
Group 
Financial 
Services 
Total 
Consolidated 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
13,875,687 
2,866,589 
11,140,839 
28,088,401 
55,971,516 
21,419,140 
658,463 
78,049,119 
Loans and receivables from customers (1) 
13,581,676 
2,801,911 
10,824,273 
4,940,259 
32,148,119 
14,127,100 
669,739 
46,944,958 
LIABILITIES 
8,056,247 
2,486,766 
10,792,137 
31,641,120 
52,976,270 
19,703,651 
592,397 
73,272,318 
On-demand and term deposits (2) 
6,820,979 
2,212,342 
9,899,249 
6,220,091 
25,152,661 
17,212,364 
3,105 
42,368,130 
EQUITY 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
4,776,801 
 
(1) Corresponds to loans receivable from customers plus loans and advances to banks, without deducting their corresponding allowances. 
(2) Corresponds to deposits and other on-demand liabilities and deposits and other term deposits. 
 
c)  In addition, the Bank presents, as required by IFRS 8, information on revenues from its products and/or services, on the countries in which it obtains 
revenues and holds assets, on the most significant customers, regardless of whether this information is used by Management in making decisions on 
operations.  Information on revenues and assets by country is presented below: 
 
  
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Consolidated Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Total operating income  
1,985,064  
 516,652 
2,595 
2,504,311 
Assets 
51,759,330 
27,147,468 
394,355 
79,301,153 
 
  
 
As of December 31, 2022 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Consolidated Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Total operating income 
2,100,547  
 588,769 
2,367 
2,691,683 
Assets 
51,747,780 
26,177,219 
124,120 
78,049,119 
F-165

--- Page 468 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 36 
 
 
NOTE 7 – CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 
a) 
The detail of the balances included under cash and cash equivalents as of  December 31, 2023 and 20222, and reconciliation with the Consolidated 
Statements of Cash Flows at the end of each period, is as follows: 
 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Cash and bank deposits 
Cash 
428,503 
580,389 
Deposits in the Central Bank of Chile (i) 
1,008,523 
1,357,600 
Deposits in foreign central banks 
1,725,256 
2,128,274 
Deposits in local banks 
8,974 
8,250 
Deposits in foreign banks 
448,459 
181,883 
Subtotal - Cash and bank deposits 
3,619,715 
4,256,396 
Transactions in the course of collection or payment (ii) 
 45,481  
74,071 
Other cash equivalents (iii) 
 1,172,056  
2,979,070 
Total cash and cash equivalent 
4,837,252 
7,309,537 
 
(i) 
The level of funds in cash and in the Central Bank of Chile responds to regulations on reserve requirements that the bank must maintain as a monthly average. 
(ii) 
Transactions in the course of collection or payment correspond to transactions in which the settlement that will increase or decrease the funds in the Central Bank of Chile or in foreign banks 
is pending, normally within 12 or 24 working hours, which are detailed as follows. 
(iii) 
Refers to instruments that meet the criteria to be considered as "cash equivalent" as defined by IAS 7, that is, for classification as "cash equivalent", investments in debt financial instruments 
must be short-term and highly liquid with an original maturity 90 days or less from the date of acquisition, that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash from the date of initial investment, 
and that are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. 
 
b) 
The detail of the balances of operations with settlement in progress as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 ais as follows: 
 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets 
Notes payable to other banks (exchange) 
47,685 
57,687 
Transfer of current funds receivable 
427,755 
346,522 
Subtotal – assets 
475,440 
404,209 
Liabilities 
Transfer of funds in process to be delivered 
429,959 
330,138 
Subtotal - liabilities 
429,959 
330,138 
 
NOTE 8 – FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD FOR TRADING AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
 
a) 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022. The detail of financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss is as follows: 
 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts 
 6,000,937  
6,770,653 
Debt financial instruments 
 974,506  
770,101 
Other financial instruments 
 113,254  
139,861 
Total 
 7,088,697  
7,680,615 
 
b) 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022. The detail of financial derivatives is as follows: 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts 
Forwards 
 -  
 18,180,525  
 18,290,069  
 22,116,555  
 6,318,869  
 1,673,473  
 2,947,724  
 69,527,215  
 976,610  
Swaps 
 59,006  
 6,421,031  
 29,762,566  
 53,913,981  
 55,887,409  
 31,574,435  
 35,839,131  
 213,457,559  
 5,022,596  
Call options 
 -  
 9,958  
 15,359  
 65,421  
 5,483  
 -  
 -  
 96,221  
 1,709  
Put options 
 -  
 8,034  
 15,814  
 37,416  
 5,107  
 -  
 -  
 66,371  
 22  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 7,368  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 7,368  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 59,006  
 24,619,548  
 48,083,808  
 76,140,741  
 62,216,868  
 33,247,908  
 38,786,855  
 283,154,734  
6,000,937 
 
 
December 31, 2022 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts 
Forwards 
17,617 
12,711,403 
10,165,928 
16,814,959 
7,844,486 
1,589,739 
2,218,209 
51,362,341 
1,256,776 
Swaps 
162,974 
4,717,715 
13,435,556 
35,220,126 
44,734,107 
26,679,810 
27,825,048 
152,775,336 
5,507,865 
Call options 
- 
21,074 
50,119 
106,155 
1,699 
114 
- 
179,161 
1,133 
Put options 
- 
20,104 
48,269 
94,005 
1,189 
- 
- 
163,567 
4,879 
Futures 
- 
- 
- 
3 
- 
- 
- 
3 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
180,591 
17,470,296 
23,699,872 
52,235,248 
52,581,481 
28,269,663 
30,043,257 
204,480,408 
6,770,653 
 
 
 
 
F-166

--- Page 469 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 37 
 
 
 
c) 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the composition of debt instruments is as follows: 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
Of the Government and Central Bank 
of Chile 
 5,224  
 43,006  
 98  
 728  
 254,966  
 146  
 156,615  
 460,783  
 452,459  
Other debt financial instruments 
issued locally 
 -  
 28,140  
 10,633  
 262,236  
 174,285  
 20,420  
 15,192  
 510,906  
 489,240  
Debt financial instruments issued 
abroad 
 -  
 8  
 -  
 586  
 -  
 -  
 32,213  
 32,807  
 32,807  
Total 
 5,224  
 71,154  
 10,731  
 263,550  
 429,251  
 20,566  
 204,020  
 1,004,496  
 974,506  
 
 
December 31, 2022 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 
3 months 
More than 3 months 
up to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 
3 years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
Of the Government and Central Bank 
of Chile 
4,970 
6,844 
51,768 
159 
21,787 
188,636 
21,135 
295,299 
290,249 
Other debt financial instruments 
issued locally 
196,398 
10,148 
18,829 
83,624 
174,150 
2,324 
15,245 
500,718 
478,970 
Debt financial instruments issued 
abroad 
- 
882 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
882 
882 
Total 
201,368 
17,874 
70,597 
83,783 
195,937 
190,960 
36,380 
796,899 
770,101 
 
d) 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the composition of other financial instruments is as follows: 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
Investments in mutual funds 
 12,403  
 78,517  
 -  
 1,243  
 -  
 -  
 209  
 92,372  
 92,371  
Equity instruments 
 17,669  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 3,214  
 20,883  
 20,883  
Loans originated and acquired by the 
entity 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
Total 
 30,072  
 78,517  
 -  
 1,243  
 -  
 -  
 3,423  
 113,255  
 113,254  
 
 
December 31, 2022 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
Investments in mutual funds 
20,362 
57,340 
- 
1,130 
- 
- 
31,040 
109,872 
109,716 
Equity instruments 
27,688 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3,195 
30,883 
30,145 
Loans originated and acquired by the 
entity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
48,050 
57,340 
- 
1,130 
- 
- 
34,235 
140,755 
139,861 
 
 
NOTE 9 – FINANCIAL ASSETS NOT HELD FOR TRADING MANDATORILY MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT 
OR LOSS 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the composition of non-trading financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
is as follows: 
 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial debt instruments 
Government and Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
Other debt financial instruments issued in Chile 
- 
- 
Debt financial instruments issued abroad 
- 
- 
Subtotal debt financial instruments 
- 
- 
Loans originated and acquired by the entity 
58,963 
71,282 
Other 
- 
- 
Subtotal other financial instruments 
58,963 
71,282 
Total 
58,963 
71,282 
 
 
NOTE 10 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Bank has no financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.
F-167

--- Page 470 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 38 
 
 
 
NOTE 11 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
a) 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the detail of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income is as follows: 
 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
 3,836,396  
4,876,148 
Other debt financial instruments issued locally 
 913,670  
1,501,544 
Debt financial instruments issued abroad 
 4,241,071  
4,099,669 
Subtotal debt financial instruments 
 8,991,137  
10,477,361 
 
Loans originated and acquired by the entity 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
Subtotal other financial instruments 
- 
- 
 
Total 
8,991,137 
10,477,361 
 
b) 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 the movement in financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income is as follows: 
 
Changes in fair value 
Expected credit loss 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total stages 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total stages 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2023 
 10,473,214  
 4,147  
 -  
 10,477,361  
 30,464  
 821  
 -  
 31,285  
Purchases made in the period 
 3,079,882  
 87,027  
 -  
 3,166,909  
 10,192  
 8,106  
 -  
 18,298  
Transfers to stage 1 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 2 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 3 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Assets derecognized or matured 
 (4,777,377) 
 144  
 -  
 (4,777,233) 
 (11,678) 
 68  
 -  
 (11,610) 
Changes due to modifications not derecognized 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Exchange rate adjustments 
 123,980  
 120  
 -  
 124,100  
 644  
 24  
 -  
 668  
Final balance as of December 31, 2023 
 8,899,699  
 91,438  
 -  
 8,991,137  
 29,622  
 9,019  
 -  
 38,641  
 
Changes in fair value 
Expected credit loss 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total stages 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total stages 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
 10,796,000  
 17,647  
 -  
 10,813,647  
 30,688  
 3,770  
 -  
 34,458  
Purchases made in the period 
4,557,693  
 -  
 -  
4,557,693 
 6,357  
 -  
 -  
 6,357  
Transfers to stage 1 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 2 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 3 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Assets derecognized or matured 
 (4,772,759) 
 (13,393) 
 -  
 (4,786,152) 
(6,448)  
(2,926)  
 -  
(9,374)  
Changes due to modifications not derecognized 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Exchange rate adjustments 
 (107,720)  
 (107)  
 -  
 (107,827)  
 (133)  
(23)  
 -  
 (156)  
Final balance as of December 31, 2022 
 10,473,214  
 4,147  
 -  
 10,477,361  
 30,464  
 821  
 -  
 31,285  
 
c) 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the detail of the present value, fair value, unrealized gains and losses, corresponding financial instruments 
is as follows: 
 
December 31, 2023 
Present value 
Market value 
Unrealized gain 
Unrealized loss 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments: 
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
 3,930,868  
 3,836,396  
 38,833  
 133,305  
Other debt financial instruments issued locally 
 922,562  
 913,670  
 4,899  
 13,791  
Debt financial instruments issued abroad 
 4,854,439  
 4,241,071  
 2,207  
 615,575  
Subtotal 
 9,707,869  
 8,991,137  
 45,939  
 762,671  
Other financial instruments: 
Loans originated and acquired by the entity 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 9,707,869  
 8,991,137  
 45,939  
 762,671  
 
December 31, 2022 
Present value 
Market value 
Unrealized gain 
Unrealized loss 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments: 
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
5,029,641 
4,876,148 
8,035 
161,527 
Other debt financial instruments issued locally 
1,550,857 
1,501,544 
2,012 
51,325 
Debt financial instruments issued abroad 
4,804,003 
4,099,669 
582 
704,916 
Subtotal 
11,384,501 
10,477,361 
10,629 
917,768 
Other financial instruments: 
Loans originated and acquired by the entity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
11,384,501 
10,477,361 
10,629 
917,768 
 
 
F-168

--- Page 471 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 39 
 
 
NOTE 12 – FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES CONTRACT FOR ACCOUNTING HEDGE 
 
a) 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the detail of the portfolio of financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge is as follows: 
 
December 31, 2023 
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
On- 
demand 
Up to 1 
month 
More than 1 up 
to 3 months 
More than 3 months 
up to 1 year 
More than 1 
up to 3 years 
More than 3 up 
to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fair value hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Swaps 
 -  
 -  
 23,500  
 2,120,707  
 1,509,265  
 631,636  
 1,134,921  
 5,420,029  
 438,020  
Call options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 23,500  
 2,120,707  
 1,509,265  
 631,636  
 1,134,921  
 5,420,029  
 438,020  
Cash flow hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
 -  
 294,315  
 220,736  
 147,157  
 55,184  
 -  
 -  
 717,392  
 4,016  
Swaps 
 -  
 81,111  
 169,588  
 916,422  
 2,560,750  
 1,722,413  
 3,567,936  
 9,018,220  
 1,557,397  
Call options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 375,426  
 390,324  
 1,063,579  
 2,615,934  
 1,722,413  
 3,567,936  
 9,735,612  
 1,561,413  
Hedging derivative abroad 
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 -  
 375,426  
 413,824  
 3,184,286  
 4,125,199  
 2,354,049  
 4,702,857  
 15,155,641  
 1,999,433  
 
December 31, 2023 
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
On- 
demand 
Up to 1 
month 
More than 1 up 
to 3 months 
More than 3 months 
up to 1 year 
More than 1 
up to 3 years 
More than 3 up 
to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
Liabilities 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fair value hedging derivatives: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Forwards 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Swaps 
 -  
 -  
 23,500  
 2,074,151  
 1,314,855  
 617,457  
 1,094,066  
 5,124,029  
 227,454  
Call options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 23,500  
 2,074,151  
 1,314,855  
 617,457  
 1,094,066  
 5,124,029  
 227,454  
Cash flow hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
 -  
 293,440  
 220,422  
 148,468  
 56,613  
 -  
 -  
 718,943  
 5,864  
Swaps 
 -  
 121,405  
 230,451  
 1,020,886  
 3,292,295  
 1,756,713  
 3,910,191  
 10,331,941  
 2,302,523  
Call options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 414,845  
 450,873  
 1,169,354  
 3,348,908  
 1,756,713  
 3,910,191  
 11,050,884  
 2,308,387  
Hedging derivative abroad 
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 -  
 414,845  
 474,373  
 3,243,505  
 4,663,763  
 2,374,170  
 5,004,257  
 16,174,913  
 2,535,841  
 
 
 
F-169

--- Page 472 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 40 
 
 
 
December 31, 2022 
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
On- 
demand 
 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up 
to 3 months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
More than 5 
years 
 
Total 
 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fair value hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Swaps 
- 
- 
436,838 
920,149 
2,230,098 
1,546,913 
1,429,932 
6,563,930 
462,148 
Call options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Put options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
436,838 
920,149 
2,230,098 
1,546,913 
1,429,932 
6,563,930 
462,148 
Cash flow hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
- 
- 
35,111 
245,777 
- 
- 
- 
280,888 
14,684 
Swaps 
- 
131,441 
314,837 
971,526 
2,600,652 
2,031,387 
2,581,070 
8,630,913 
1,312,019 
Call options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Put options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
131,441 
349,948 
1,217,303 
2,600,652 
2,031,387 
2,581,070 
8,911,801 
1,326,703 
Hedging derivatives abroad 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
131,441 
786,786 
2,137,452 
4,830,750 
3,578,300 
4,011,002 
15,475,731 
1,788,851 
 
December 31, 2022 
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
On- demand Up to 1 month 
More than 1 
up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
More than 5  
years 
 
Total 
 
Liabilities 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fair value hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Swaps 
- 
- 
436,838 
835,549 
2,165,021 
1,421,602 
1,394,140 
6,253,150 
345,873 
Call options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Put options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
436,838 
835,549 
2,165,021 
1,421,602 
1,394,140 
6,253,150 
345,873 
Cash flow hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
- 
- 
31,292 
228,226 
- 
- 
- 
259,518 
43,365 
Swaps 
- 
150,411 
331,240 
1,232,501 
3,050,767 
2,126,869 
2,988,529 
9,880,317 
2,201,230 
Call options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Put options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
150,411 
362,532 
1,460,727 
3,050,767 
2,126,869 
2,988,529 
10,139,835 
2,244,595 
Hedging derivative abroad 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
150,411 
799,370 
2,296,276 
5,215,788 
3,548,471 
4,382,669 
16,392,985 
2,590,468 
 
b) Types of derivatives 
 
The Bank uses accounting hedges to manage the fair value and cash flow risk to which it is exposed. 
 
i) Fair value hedges: 
 
Fair value hedges for both foreign currency and local currency positions cover the fair value of the position against changes in the base rate, without 
considering the implicit credit spread. These operations reduce the risk of changes associated with fluctuations in their fair value as a result of changes in 
interest rate structures, among others. 
 
Considering the different items in the balance sheet as derivatives that comply with the function of hedging such risks, either by Cash Flow or Fair Value 
Hedges, the objective of these tables is to show the management of risk hedges in P&L, as their presented values exclude adjustments and interest 
accrual. 
 
 
F-170

--- Page 473 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 41 
 
 
 
A detailed summary of the hedging items and instruments used in fair value hedges as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 in notional amounts is presented 
below: 
 
December 31, 2023 
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
Fair Value 
On- 
demand 
 
Up to 1 
month 
More than 
1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 
1 year 
More than 1 
up to 3 years 
More than 3 
up to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
 
Total 
 
Assets 
 
Liabilities 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item: 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
Sensitivity 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 294,315  
 127,622  
 472,589  
 894,526  
 11,150  
 9,137  
Items set / loans 
 -  
 -  
 444,775  
 -  
 889,550  
 -  
 -  
 1,334,325  
 7,269  
 5,708  
Of the Government and Central Bank of 
Chile 
 -  
 -  
 23,500  
 471,000  
 -  
 168,000  
 322,885  
 985,385  
 11,544  
 37,533  
Other instruments issued locally 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 444,775  
 471,212  
 31,303  
 -  
 947,290  
 5,277  
 3,402  
Instruments issued abroad 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 9,666  
 52,471  
 219,837  
 281,974  
 1,434  
 28,510  
Consumer 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Mortgage 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Commercial 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 29,401  
 -  
 29,401  
 1,049  
 -  
Items set / liabilities 
 -  
 -  
 - 
 1,125,218  
 52,470  
 -  
 -  
 1,177,688  
 20,298  
 168  
Term deposit 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 119,474  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 119,474  
 45  
 1,853  
Current bonds 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 405,016  
 1,154,870  
 264,053  
 591,805  
 2,415,744  
 104,083  
 9,914  
Subordinated bonds 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Mortgage bonds 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign investment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 468,275  
 2,565,483  
 2,872,083  
 672,850  
 1,607,116  
 8,185,807  
 162,149  
 96,225  
 
 
 
Hedging instrument: 
 
 
 
Forwards 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
CCS 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 440,207  
 1,106,006  
 198,949  
 757,357  
 2,502,519  
 2,232  
 76,792  
IRS 
 -  
 -  
 468,275  
 2,125,276  
 1,766,077  
 473,901  
 849,759  
 5,683,288  
 101,730  
 93,557  
Options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Bonds 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 468,275  
 2,565,483  
 2,872,083  
 672,850  
 1,607,116  
 8,185,807  
 103,962  
 170,349  
 
December 31, 2022 
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
Fair Value 
On- 
demand 
Up to 1 
month 
More than 1 
up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 
up to 3 years 
More than 3 
up to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
Assets 
Liabilities 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item: 
Sensitivity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
395,666 
166,742 
562,408 
691 
20,267 
Items set / loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Of the Government and Central Bank of 
Chile 
- 
- 
25,000 
- 
- 
- 
442,385 
467,385 
3,319 
54,645 
Other instruments issued locally 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Instruments issued abroad 
- 
- 
- 
- 
40,380 
60,030 
253,404 
353,814 
- 
49,445 
Consumer 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Mortgage 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Commercial 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Items set / liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,156,838 
- 
- 
1,156,838 
78,617 
- 
Term deposit 
- 
- 
411,838 
343,484 
118,467 
- 
- 
873,789 
6,288 
2,486 
Current bonds 
- 
- 
- 
576,665 
920,973 
1,102,129 
729,590 
3,329,357 
177,121 
7,731 
Subordinated bonds 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Mortgage bonds 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign investment 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
436,838 
920,149 
2,236,658 
1,557,825 
1,592,121 
6,743,591 
266,036 
134,574 
Hedging instrument: 
Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
CCS 
- 
- 
- 
569,149 
879,658 
984,648 
631,053 
3,064,508 
19,730 
120,079 
IRS 
- 
- 
436,838 
351,000 
1,357,000 
573,177 
961,068 
3,679,083 
122,280 
145,200 
Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Bonds 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
436,838 
920,149 
2,236,658 
1,557,825 
1,592,121 
6,743,591 
142,010 
265,279 
 
c) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the estimation of the periods in which the cash flows by type of risk are expected to occur are as follows: 
 
i) Cash flow projections for interest rate risk: 
 
Cash flow projections for interest 
rate risk 
As of December 31, 2023 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 
up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 
1 year 
More than 1 
up to 3 years 
More than 3 
up to 5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 10,894  
 22,922  
 109,671  
 355,920  
 149,433  
 1,180,963  
 1,829,803  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (13,772) 
 (23,567) 
 (128,826) 
 (350,109) 
 (156,568) 
 (1,192,734) 
 (1,865,576) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 (2,878) 
 (645) 
 (19,155) 
 5,811  
 (7,135) 
 (11,771) 
 (35,773) 
 
Hedging instruments 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 13,772  
 23,567  
 128,826  
 350,109  
 156,568  
 1,192,734  
 1,865,576  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (10,894) 
 (22,922) 
 (109,671) 
 (355,920) 
 (149,433) 
 (1,180,963) 
 (1,829,803) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 2,878  
 645  
 19,155  
 (5,811) 
 7,135  
 11,771  
 35,773  
 
 
 
F-171

--- Page 474 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 42 
 
 
 
Cash flow projections for 
interest rate risk 
As of December 31, 2022 
 
On-demand 
 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
 
More than 5 years 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
Cash inflow 
- 
32,867 
102,860 
33,690 
237,916 
89,650 
177,565 
674,548 
Cash outflow 
- 
(27,947) 
(87,543) 
(10,382) 
(212,732) 
(71,366) 
(155,586) 
(565,556) 
Net cash flows 
- 
4,920 
15,317 
23,308 
25,184 
18,284 
21,979 
108,992 
 
Hedging instruments 
Cash inflow 
- 
27,947 
87,543 
10,382 
212,732 
71,366 
155,586 
565,556 
Cash outflow 
- 
(32,867) 
(102,860) 
(33,690) 
(237,916) 
(89,650) 
(177,565) 
(674,548) 
Net cash flows 
- 
(4,920) 
(15,317) 
(23,308) 
(25,184) 
(18,284) 
(21,979) 
(108,992) 
 
ii) Cash flow projection for inflation risk: 
 
Cash flow projection for 
inflation risk 
As of December 31, 2023 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 
5 years 
More than 5 years 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 381,740  
 303,109  
 660,003  
 2,601,567  
 941,123  
 2,043,188  
 6,930,730  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (363,411) 
 (315,067) 
 (678,928) 
 (2,443,850) 
 (999,462) 
 (1,865,065) 
 (6,665,783) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 18,329  
 (11,958) 
 (18,925) 
 157,717  
 (58,339) 
 178,123  
 264,947  
Hedging instruments 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 363,411  
 315,067  
 678,928  
 2,443,850  
 999,462  
 1,865,065  
 6,665,783  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (381,740) 
 (303,109) 
 (660,003) 
 (2,601,567) 
 (941,123) 
 (2,043,188) 
 (6,930,730) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 (18,329) 
 11,958  
 18,925  
 (157,717) 
 58,339  
 (178,123) 
 (264,947) 
 
Cash flow projection for 
inflation risk 
As of December 31, 2022 
 
On-demand 
 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 
3 months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up 
to 3 years 
More than 3 up to 
5 years 
More than 5 years 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
Cash inflow 
- 
64,999 
(150,310) 
1,345,828 
2,079,239 
1,393,146 
2,358,432 
7,091,334 
Cash outflow 
- 
(83,197) 
88,512 
(1,360,180) 
(2,013,063) 
(1,486,558) 
(2,195,749) 
(7,050,235) 
Net cash flows 
- 
(18,198) 
(61,798) 
(14,352) 
66,176 
(93,412) 
162,683 
41,099 
Hedging instruments 
Cash inflow 
- 
83,197 
(88,512) 
1,360,180 
2,013,063 
1,486,558 
2,195,749 
7,050,235 
Cash outflow 
- 
(64,999) 
150,310 
(1,345,828) 
(2,079,239) 
(1,393,146) 
(2,358,432) 
(7,091,334) 
Net cash flows 
- 
18,198 
61,798 
14,352 
(66,176) 
93,412 
(162,683) 
(41,099) 
 
iii) Cash flow projections for exchange rate risk: 
 
Cash flow projections for 
exchange rate risk 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
On-demand 
 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up to 
3 years 
More than 3 up to 
5 years 
More than 5 years 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 2,088  
 57,341  
 285,640  
 307,759  
 816,502  
 316,305  
 1,785,635  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (848) 
 (50,024) 
 (271,560) 
 (273,739) 
 (846,939) 
 (334,448) 
 (1,777,558) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 1,240  
 7,317  
 14,080  
 34,020  
 (30,437) 
 (18,143) 
 8,077  
 
Hedging instruments 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 848  
 50,024  
 271,560  
 273,739  
 846,939  
 334,448  
 1,777,558  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (2,088) 
 (57,341) 
 (285,640) 
 (307,759) 
 (816,502) 
 (316,305) 
 (1,785,635) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 (1,240) 
 (7,317) 
 (14,080) 
 (34,020) 
 30,437  
 18,143  
 (8,077) 
 
Cash flow projections for 
exchange rate risk 
As of December 31, 2022 
 
On-demand 
 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
More than 5 years 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
Cash inflow 
- 
1,702 
112,577 
83,099 
442,884 
780,459 
332,830 
1,753,551 
Cash outflow 
- 
(794) 
(132,189) 
(36,992) 
(401,345) 
(747,909) 
(343,000) 
(1,662,229) 
Net cash flows 
- 
908 
(19,612) 
46,107 
41,539 
32,550 
(10,170) 
91,322 
 
Hedging instruments 
Cash inflow 
- 
794 
132,189 
36,992 
401,345 
747,909 
343,000 
1,662,229 
Cash outflow 
- 
(1,702) 
(112,577) 
(83,099) 
(442,884) 
(780,459) 
(332,830) 
(1,753,551) 
Net cash flows 
- 
(908) 
19,612 
(46,107) 
(41,539) 
(32,550) 
10,170 
(91,322) 
 
 
 
F-172

--- Page 475 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 43 
 
 
d) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the valuation generated by those hedging instruments used in cash flow hedges whose effect was recognized in 
the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, specifically in the caption "Accumulated other comprehensive income", in cash flow hedges, is as 
follows: 
 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
Sensitivity 
 -  
- 
Items set / loans 
 175,430  
156,595 
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
 50,324  
70,770 
Other instruments issued locally 
 -  
- 
Instruments issued abroad 
 -  
- 
Consumer 
 -  
- 
Mortgage 
 -  
- 
Commercial 
 (21) 
(166) 
Items set / liabilities 
 699  
(63,422) 
Term deposit 
 (20,889) 
- 
Current bonds 
 (35,488) 
(21,955) 
Subordinated bonds 
 -  
- 
Mortgage bonds 
 -  
- 
Foreign investment 
 -  
- 
Dismantling 
 3,938  
(914) 
Deferred tax 
 (46,978) 
(38,045) 
Total 
 127,015  
102,863 
e) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, profit or loss generated by those cash flow derivatives whose effect was transferred from other comprehensive 
income to profit or loss for the period is as follows: 
 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
Sensitivity 
 -  
- 
Items set / loans 
 (848,814) 
(929,428) 
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
 (111,741) 
(82,667) 
Other instruments issued locally 
 -  
- 
Instruments issued abroad 
 -  
- 
Consumer 
 -  
- 
Mortgage 
 -  
- 
Commercial 
 (62) 
(110) 
Items set / liabilities 
 9,135  
8,097 
Term deposit 
 6,385  
- 
Current bonds 
 62,361  
9,603 
Subordinated bonds 
 -  
- 
Mortgage bonds 
 -  
- 
Foreign investment 
 -  
- 
Total 
 (882,736) 
(994,505) 
F-173

--- Page 476 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 44 
 
 
NOTE 13 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTIZED COST 
 
a) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the detail of financial assets at amortized cost is as follows: 
 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Rights for reverse repurchase agreements and securities lending 
207,114 
182,061 
Debt financial instruments 
4,322,383 
3,581,998 
Loans and advances to banks 
680,190 
767,700 
Loans and receivables from customers - Commercial 
31,940,712 
29,276,944 
Loans and receivables from customers - Mortgage 
13,740,355 
12,809,381 
Loans and receivables from customers - Consumer 
2,879,083 
3,212,807 
Total 
53,769,837 
49,830,891 
 
b) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the rights under repurchase agreements and securities loans are as follows: 
 
Maturity of the commitment to December 31, 2023 
On-demand 
Up to a month 
More than one month 
and three months 
More than three 
months up to one 
year 
Between 1 year 
and 3 years 
More than 3 years 
up to 5 years 
More than five 
years 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Operations with banks in the country 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Repurchase agreements with the Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Transactions with foreign banks 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Repurchase agreements with foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Operations with other entities in the country 
Repurchase contract with other entities in the country 
- 
 177,157  
 27,510  
 2,447  
 -  
 -  
 -  
207,114 
Securities lending rights 
- 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
- 
 177,157  
 27,510  
 2,447  
 -  
 -  
 -  
207,114 
Transactions with other entities abroad 
Transactions with other entities abroad 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Accumulated impairment in rights for repurchase 
agreements 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
 177,157  
 27,510  
 2,447  
 -  
 -  
 -  
207,114 
 
 
Maturity of the commitment as of December 31, 2022 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months 
up to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Transactions with local banks 
Reverse repurchases agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Reverse repurchases agreements with the Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Transactions with foreign banks 
Reverse repurchases agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Reverse repurchases agreements with the Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Transactions with other local entities 
Reverse repurchases agreements with local entities 
- 
142,319 
21,264 
18,478 
- 
- 
- 
182,061 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
142,319 
21,264 
18,478 
- 
- 
- 
182,061 
 
Transactions with other foreign entities 
Transactions with other foreign entities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Accumulated impairment on rights of reverse repurchases 
agreements 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Total 
- 
142,319 
21,264 
18,478 
- 
- 
- 
182,061 
 
c) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the detail of debt financial instruments is as follows: 
 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments: 
 
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
 1,777,173  
1,145,241 
Other debt financial instruments issued locally 
 56,159  
43,345 
Debt financial instruments issued abroad 
 2,501,824  
2,405,089 
Debt financial instruments 
 (12,773) 
(11,677) 
Total 
 4,322,383  
3,581,998 
 
 
 
F-174

--- Page 477 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 45 
 
 
d) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the movement in debt financial instruments at amortized cost is as follows: 
 
Changes in fair value 
Expected credit loss 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total Stage 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total Stage 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2023 
 3,581,998  
 -  
 -  
 3,581,998  
 11,675  
 -  
 -  
 11,675  
Purchases made during the year 
 808,373  
 -  
 -  
 808,373  
 1,787  
 -  
 -  
 1,787  
Transfers to stage 1 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 2 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 3 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Assets derecognized or expired 
 (62,438) 
 -  
 -  
 (62,438) 
 (1,078) 
 -  
 -  
 (1,078) 
Changes due to modifications not derecognized 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Exchange rate adjustments 
 (5,550) 
 -  
 -  
 (5,550) 
 337  
 -  
 -  
 337  
Final balance as of December 31, 2023 
 4,322,383  
 -  
 -  
 4,322,383  
 12,721  
 -  
 -  
 12,721  
 
Changes in fair value 
Expected credit loss 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total Stage 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total Stage 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
2,277,937 
- 
- 
2,277,937 
1,290 
- 
- 
1,290 
Purchases made during the year 
2,616,827 
- 
- 
2,616,827 
9,707 
- 
- 
9,707 
Transfers to stage 1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Transfers to stage 2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Transfers to stage 3 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Assets derecognized or expired 
(1,305,162) 
- 
- 
(1,305,162) 
686 
- 
- 
686 
Changes due to modifications not derecognized 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Exchange rate adjustments 
(7,604) 
- 
- 
(7,604) 
(8) 
- 
- 
(8) 
Final balance as of December 31, 2022 
3,581,998 
- 
- 
3,581,998 
11,675 
- 
- 
11,675 
 
e) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the detail of loans and advances to banks is as follows: 
 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
Net 
Financial 
Asset 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
 
Total 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Interbank liquidity loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Interbank commercial loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Overdrafts in checking accounts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans - Chilean exports 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans - Chilean imports 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans between third-party countries 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Non-transferable deposits in local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign banks 
 681,026  
 -  
 -  
 681,026  
 (836) 
 -  
 -  
 (836) 
 680,190  
Interbank liquidity loans 
 199,591  -  
-  
 199,591  
 (204) -  
-  
 (204) 
 199,387  
Interbank commercial loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Overdrafts in checking accounts 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign trade loans - Chilean exports 
 134,761  
 -  
 -  
 134,761  
 (192) -  
-  
 (192) 
 134,569  
Foreign trade loans - Chilean imports 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign trade loans between third-party countries 
 346,674  
 -  
 -  
 346,674  
 (440) 
 -  
 -  
 (440) 
 346,234  
Deposits in current accounts in foreign banks for derivative 
transactions 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other non-transferable deposits in foreign banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other credit balances with foreign banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal local and foreign banks 
 681,026  
 -  
 -  
 681,026  
 (836) 
 -  
 -  
 (836) 
 680,190  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Deposits in current account of the Central Bank of Chile for derivative 
transactions with a central counterparty 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
             -  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
           -  
  
-  
Other deposits in the Central Bank of Chile, not available 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with the Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Deposits in current accounts of foreign Central Banks for derivative 
transactions 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
             -  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
           -  
  
-  
Other deposits in foreign Central Banks, not available 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal Central Bank of Chile and Foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL 
 681,026  
 -  
 -  
 681,026  
 (836) 
 -  
 -  
 (836) 
 680,190  
 
 
 
F-175

--- Page 478 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 46 
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2022 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
 
Net 
Financial 
Asset 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
 
Total 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Interbank liquidity loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Interbank commercial loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Overdrafts in checking accounts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans - Chilean exports 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans - Chilean imports 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans between third-party countries 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Non-transferable deposits in local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign banks 
768,663 
- 
- 
768,663 
(963) 
- 
- 
(963) 
767,700 
Interbank liquidity loans 
304,484 
- 
- 
304,484 
(367) 
- 
- 
(367) 
304,117 
Interbank commercial loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Overdrafts in checking accounts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans - Chilean exports 
67,264 
- 
- 
67,264 
(102) 
- 
- 
(102) 
67,162 
Foreign trade loans - Chilean imports 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans between third-party countries 
396,915 
- 
- 
396,915 
(494) 
- 
- 
(494) 
396,421 
Deposits in current accounts in foreign banks for derivative 
transactions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other non-transferable deposits in foreign banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with foreign banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal local and foreign banks 
768,663 
- 
- 
768,663 
(963) 
- 
- 
(963) 
767,700 
 
Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Deposits in current account of the Central Bank of Chile for derivative 
transactions with a central counterparty 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other deposits in the Central Bank of Chile, not available 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with the Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Deposits in current accounts of foreign Central Banks for derivative 
transactions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other deposits in foreign Central Banks, not available 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal Central Bank of Chile and Foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
TOTAL 
768,663 
- 
- 
768,663 
(963) 
- 
- 
(963) 
767,700 
 
f) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the balances of loans and receivables from customers are as follows: 
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
Net financial 
assets 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19 
guarantee 
deductible (i) 
Total 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
Commercial loans 
 21,219,213   3,369,142  
 1,516,751  
 668,652  
 359,636  
 27,133,394  
 (102,428) 
 (31,008) 
 (23,225) 
 (110,016) 
 (96,969)  (363,646) 
 (26,133)  (389,779) 
 26,743,615  
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
 1,249,591  
 10,970  
 15,410  
 1,313  
 -  
 1,277,284  
 (4,594) 
 (233) 
 (1,226) 
 (525) 
 -  
 (6,578) 
 -  
 (6,578) 
 1,270,706  
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
 354,379  
 28,212  
 11,836  
 6,692  
 -  
 401,119  
 (3,917) 
 (665) 
 (1,195) 
 (1,673) 
 -  
 (7,450) 
 -  
 (7,450) 
 393,669  
Foreign trade credits between third 
countries 
 231,965  
 -  
 6,487  
 5,424  
 -  
 243,876  
 (606) 
 -  
 (2) 
 (4,881) 
 -  
 (5,489) 
 -  
 (5,489) 
 238,387  
Debtors in current accounts 
 64,386  
 69,293  
 5,189  
 1,635  
 9,561  
 150,064  
 (339) 
 (1,887) 
 (581) 
 (865) 
 (5,202) 
 (8,874) 
 -  
 (8,874) 
 141,190  
Credit card debtors 
 5,736  
 53,788  
 903  
 321  
 7,522  
 68,270  
 (94) 
 (1,645) 
 (107) 
 (229) 
 (4,196) 
 (6,271) 
 -  
 (6,271) 
 61,999  
Factoring operations 
 1,253,883  
 71,277  
 42,702  
 117  
 356  
 1,368,335  
 (10,158) 
 (1,119) 
 (4,255) 
 (57) 
 (127) 
 (15,716) 
 -   (15,716) 
 1,352,619  
Commercial finance lease operations 
 1,162,667  
 289,576  
 150,618  
 32,326  
 13,687  
 1,648,874  
 (9,245) 
 (2,628) 
 (3,025) 
 (4,267) 
 (3,778) 
 (22,943) 
 -   (22,943) 
 1,625,931  
Student loans 
 -  
 100,286  
 -  
 -  
 15,224  
 115,510  
 -  
 (1,258) 
 -  
 -  
 (2,709) 
 (3,967) 
 -  
 (3,967) 
 111,543  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 70  
 -  
 9,542  
 1,038  
 10,650  
 (1,109) 
 (2) 
 -  
 (7,982) 
 (504) 
 (9,597) 
 -  
 (9,597) 
 1,053  
Subtotal 
25,541,820 
 3,992,614  
 1,749,896  
 726,022  
 407,024  
 32,417,376  
 (132,490) 
 (40,445) 
 (33,616) 
(130,495) 
 (113,485)  (450,531) 
 (26,133)  (476,664) 
 31,940,712  
 
Mortgage loans 
Loans with letters of credit 
 -  
 514  
 -  
 -  
 55  
 569  
 -  
 (1) 
 -  
 -  
 (5) 
 (6) 
 -  
 (6) 
 563  
Loans with endorsable mortgage 
mutual funds 
 -   3,319,410  
 -  
 -  
 6,570  
 3,325,980  
 -   (17,440) 
 -  
 -  
 (64) 
 (17,504) 
 -   (17,504) 
 3,308,476  
Loans with mutual funds financed 
with mortgage bonds 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other credits with mortgage loans 
 -   10,038,917  
 -  
 -  
 381,885  
 10,420,802  
 -   (17,526) 
 -  
 -  
 (35,901) 
 (53,427) 
 -   (53,427) 
 10,367,375  
Financial lease operations for 
Mortgage 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other loans and accounts receivable 
 -  
 61,409  
 -  
 -  
 2,926  
 64,335  
 -  
 (148) 
 -  
 -  
 (246) 
 (394) 
 -  
 (394) 
 63,941  
Subtotal 
 -  13,420,250  
 -  
 -  
 391,436  
 13,811,686  
 -   (35,115) 
 -  
 -  
 (36,216) 
 (71,331) 
 -   (71,331) 
 13,740,355  
 
Consumer Loans 
Consumer loans in installments 
 -   1,579,211  
 -  
 -  
 174,027  
 1,753,238  
 -   (74,456) 
 -  
 -  
 (96,327)  (170,783) 
 -   (170,783) 
 1,582,455  
Debtors in current accounts 
 -  
 91,476  
 -  
 -  
 19,090  
 110,566  
 -  
 (6,927) 
 -  
 -  
 (14,235) 
 (21,162) 
 -   (21,162) 
 89,404  
Credit card debtors 
 -   1,192,207  
 -  
 -  
 78,984  
 1,271,191  
 -   (56,439) 
 -  
 -  
 (49,673)  (106,112) 
 -   (106,112) 
 1,165,079  
Consumer finance lease operations 
 -  
 428  
 -  
 -  
 4  
 432  
 -  
 (4) 
 -  
 -  
 (2) 
 (6) 
 -  
 (6) 
 426  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 41,996  
 -  
 -  
 371  
 42,367  
 -  
 (385) 
 -  
 -  
 (263) 
 (648) 
 -  
 (648) 
 41,719  
Subtotal 
 -   2,905,318  
 -  
 -  
 272,476  
 3,177,794  
 -   (138,211) 
 -  
 -   (160,500)  (298,711) 
 -   (298,711) 
 2,879,083  
 
TOTAL 
25,541,820   20,318,182  
 1,749,896  
 726,022   1,070,936  
 49,406,856  
 (132,490)  (213,771) 
 (33,616) 
(130,495) 
 (310,201)  (820,573) 
 (26,133)  (846,706) 
 48,560,150  
 
 
 
F-176

--- Page 479 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 47 
 
 
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2022 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
 
 
Net financial 
assets 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
 
 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
 
 
Subtotal 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19 
guarantee 
deductible 
(i) 
 
 
Total 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Commercial loans 
 19,951,776   3,510,630  
 1,204,043  
 505,503  
 295,806  
 25,467,758  
 (103,881) 
 (32,537) 
 (24,571) 
 (106,151) 
 (87,099)  (354,239) 
 (36,659)  (390,898)  25,076,860  
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
 595,146  
 7,962  
 22,896  
 8,014  
 -  
 634,018  
 (5,944) 
 (178) 
 (549) 
 (3,168) 
 -  
 (9,839) 
 -  
 (9,839) 
 624,179  
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
 400,324  
 24,546  
 11,610  
 -  
 -  
 436,480  
 (4,106) 
 (602) 
 (2,293) 
 -  
 -  
 (7,001) 
 -  
 (7,001) 
 429,479  
Foreign trade credits between third 
countries 
 185,475  
 -  
 11,505  
 -  
 -  
 196,980  
 (723) 
 -  
 (2,261) 
 -  
 -  
 (2,984) 
 -  
 (2,984) 
 193,996  
Debtors in current accounts 
 55,205  
 69,125  
 10,076  
 1,086  
 7,140  
 142,632  
 (502) 
 (1,843) 
 (1,084) 
 (586) 
 (3,862) 
 (7,877) 
 -  
 (7,877) 
 134,755  
Credit card debtors 
 6,079  
 53,459  
 930  
 418  
 5,300  
 66,186  
 (109) 
 (1,660) 
 (109) 
 (338) 
 (2,956) 
 (5,172) 
 -  
 (5,172) 
 61,014  
Factoring operations 
 1,188,937  
 79,242  
 10,015  
 3,204  
 2,205  
 1,283,603  
 (11,619) 
 (1,256) 
 (326) 
 (1,889) 
 (787) 
 (15,877) 
 -  
 (15,877) 
 1,267,726  
Commercial financial leasing 
operations 
 921,591  
 284,076  
 139,178  
 27,737  
 10,884  
 1,383,466  
 (5,555) 
 (2,738) 
 (1,535) 
 (6,476) 
 (4,015) 
 (20,319) 
 -  
 (20,319) 
 1,363,147  
Student loans 
 -  
 116,262  
 -  
 -  
 11,468  
 127,730  
 -  
 (1,447) 
 -  
 -  
 (2,137) 
 (3,584) 
 -  
 (3,584) 
 124,146  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 71  
 -  
 7,502  
 759  
 8,332  
 (1,188) 
 (8) 
 -  
 (5,181) 
 (313) 
 (6,690) 
 -  
 (6,690) 
 1,642  
Subtotal 
23,304,533   4,145,373  
 1,410,253  
 553,464  
 333,562  
 29,747,185  
 (133,627) 
 (42,269) 
 (32,728) 
 (123,789) 
 (101,169)  (433,582) 
 (36,659)  (470,241)  29,276,944  
 
Mortgage loans 
Loans with letters of credit 
 -  
 1,278  
 -  
 -  
 121  
 1,399  
 -  
 (2) 
 -  
 -  
 (12) 
 (14) 
 -  
 (14) 
 1,385  
Loans with endorsable mortgage 
mutual funds 
 -   2,930,600  
 -  
 -  
 21,244  
 2,951,844  
 -  
 (44,818) 
 -  
 -  
 (32) 
 (44,850) 
 -  
 (44,850) 
 2,906,994  
Loans with mutual funds financed 
with mortgage bonds 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other credits with mortgage loans 
 -   9,573,654  
 -  
 -  
 267,400  
 9,841,054  
 -  
 (13,773) 
 -  
 -  
 (23,862) 
 (37,635) 
 -  
 (37,635) 
 9,803,419  
Finance lease operations for 
Mortgage 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 93,176  
 -  
 -  
 5,025  
 98,201  
 -  
 (215) 
 -  
 -  
 (403) 
 (618) 
 -  
 (618) 
 97,583  
Subtotal 
 -  12,598,708  
 -  
 -  
 293,790  
 12,892,498  
 -  
 (58,808) 
 -  
 -  
 (24,309) 
 (83,117) 
 -  
 (83,117)  12,809,381  
 
Consumer Loans 
Consumer loans in installments 
 -   1,757,905  
 -  
 -  
 152,122  
 1,910,027  
 -  
 (63,222) 
 -  
 -  
 (83,450)  (146,672) 
 -   (146,672) 
 1,763,355  
Debtors in current accounts 
 -  
 90,767  
 -  
 -  
 14,404  
 105,171  
 -  
 (6,490) 
 -  
 -  
 (10,617) 
 (17,107) 
 -  
 (17,107) 
 88,064  
Credit card debtors 
 -   1,366,870  
 -  
 -  
 106,046  
 1,472,916  
 -  
 (85,226) 
 -  
 -  
 (70,605)  (155,831) 
 -   (155,831) 
 1,317,085  
Consumer finance lease operations 
 -  
 309  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 309  
 -  
 (4) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (4) 
 -  
 (4) 
 305  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 47,930  
 -  
 -  
 259  
 48,189  
 -  
 (4,015) 
 -  
 -  
 (176) 
 (4,191) 
 -  
 (4,191) 
 43,998  
Subtotal 
 -   3,263,781  
 -  
 -  
 272,831  
 3,536,612  
 -   (158,957) 
 -  
 -   (164,848)  (323,805) 
 -   (323,805) 
 3,212,807  
 
TOTAL 
23,304,533  20,007,862  
 1,410,253  
 553,464  
 900,183  
 46,176,295  
 (133,627) 
(260,034) 
 (32,728) 
 (123,789) 
 (290,326)  (840,504) 
 (36,659)  (877,163)  45,299,132  
 
g) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the balance of contingent loans related to commercial and consumer loans are as follows: 
 
EXPOSURE TO CREDIT RISK FOR 
CONTINGENT LOANS 
December 31, 2023 
Exposure for contingent loans before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
Net  
exposure 
for credit 
risk of 
contingent loans 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Guarantees and bonds 
 297,995  
 3,093  
 1,328  
 -  
 -  
 302,416  
 (1,428) 
 (75) 
 (184) 
 - 
 - 
 (1,687) 
 300,729 
Letters of credit for goods movement 
operations 
 66,969  
 5,830  
 1,049  
 2,492  
 270  
 76,610  
 (367) 
 (40) 
 (53) 
 (623) 
 - 
 (1,083) 
 75,527 
Debt purchase commitments abroad in local 
currency 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Transactions related to contingent events 
 1,388,540  
 72,458  
 44,014  
 4,917  
 2,089  
 1,512,018  
 (8,800) 
 (1,517) 
 (8,389) 
 (3,009) 
 (1,142)  (22,857) 
 1,489,161 
Lines of credit of freely available and 
immediate payment 
 -  
 362,998  
 -  
 -  
 8,914  
 371,912  
 -  
 (3,925) 
 - 
 - 
 (3,048) 
 (6,973) 
 364,939 
Freely available lines of credit 
 1,383,180  
 524,809  
 50,991  
 921  
 4,547  
 1,964,448  
 (12,326) 
 (7,250) 
 (2,309) 
 (180) 
 (1,577) 
(23,642) 
 1,940,806 
Other credit commitments 
 917,082  
 50,156  
 2,346  
 -  
 7  
 969,591  
 (7,010) 
 (441) 
 (88) 
 - 
 (5) 
 (7,544) 
 962,047 
Other contingent loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Total  
4,053,766   1,019,344  
 99,728  
 8,330  
 15,827  
 5,196,995  
 (29,931) 
(13,248) 
 (11,023) 
 (3,812) 
 (5,772) 
(63,786) 
 5,133,209 
 
EXPOSURE TO CREDIT LOSS FOR 
CONTINGENT LOANS 
December 31, 2022 
Exposure for contingent loans before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
Net  
exposure 
for credit 
risk of 
contingent loans 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Co-debtors and guarantees 
322,449 
2,296 
1,283 
3,658 
- 
329,686 
(1,593) 
(47) 
(369) 
(1,489) 
- 
(3,498) 
326,188 
Letters of credit for merchandise circulation 
operations 
26,833 
877 
17 
- 
- 
27,727 
(620) 
(23) 
(3) 
- 
- 
(646) 
27,081 
Debt purchase commitments in local currency 
abroad 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Transactions related to contingent events 
1,218,934 
61,529 
51,295 
6,104 
1,826 
1,339,688 
(6,890) 
(1,413) 
(6,945) 
(3,077) 
(999) 
(19,324) 
1,320,364 
Lines of credit of free disposal of immediate 
cancellation 
- 
335,957 
- 
- 
10,581 
346,538 
- 
(4,686) 
- 
- 
(3,702) 
(8,388) 
338,150 
Free lines of credit 
2,959,218 
906,167 
56,411 
6,908 
4,847 
3,933,551 
(8,702) 
(7,537) 
(1,557) 
(1,960) 
(2,270) 
(22,026) 
3,911,525 
Other credit commitments 
788,400 
49,153 
1,016 
- 
- 
838,569 
(5,907) 
(456) 
(7) 
- 
- 
(6,370) 
832,199 
Other contingent loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total  
5,315,834  
1,355,979  
110,022  
       16,670  
17,254  
6,815,759  
(23,712) 
(14,162) 
     (8,881) 
(6,526) 
   (6,971) 
(60,252) 
   6,755,507 
 
 
 
F-177

--- Page 480 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 48 
 
 
h) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the summary of movements in provisions recorded by banks is as follows: 
 
December 31, 2023 
Movement in provisions constituted by portfolio in the period 
Individual assessment 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
 
 
 
 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2023 
 964  
 -  
 -  
 964  
Recording / (use) of provisions for: 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 5  
 -  
 -  
 5  
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Individual regular to Substandard 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Individual regular to individual non-performing 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Substandard to Individual normal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Substandard to regular individual 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
New loans originated 
 779  
 -  
 -  
 779  
New loans acquired 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
New loans for conversion of contingent to loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Loan repayment 
 (965) 
 -  
 -  
 (965) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Recovery of written-off credits 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation difference 
 53  
 -  
 -  
 53  
Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 836  
 -  
 -  
 836  
 
December 31, 2022 
Movement in provisions constituted by portfolio in the period 
Individual assessments 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
 
 
 
 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
799 
- 
- 
799 
Recording / (use) of provisions for: 
 
 
 
 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Individual regular to Substandard 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Individual regular to individual non-performing 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Substandard to Individual normal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Substandard to regular individual 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
- 
- 
- 
- 
New loans originated 
980 
- 
- 
980 
New loans acquired 
- 
- 
- 
- 
New loans for conversion of contingent to loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Sale or transfer of loans 
- 
- 
- 
                -  
Loan repayment 
(727) 
- 
- 
(727) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
- 
- 
- 
               -  
Recovery of written-off credits 
- 
- 
- 
                -  
Translation difference 
(88) 
- 
- 
(88) 
Balance as of December 31, 2022 
964 
- 
- 
964 
 
i) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the summary of the movement of provisions recorded by commercial loans is as follows: 
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19 
(i) 
Total 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual / group 
Individual / group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2023 
 133,627  
 42,270  
 32,728  
 123,789  
 101,170  
 433,584  
 36,659  
 470,243  
Recording / (use) of provisions for: 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 1,857  
 (1,179) 
 1,271  
 (15,288) 
 (7,245) 
 (20,584) 
 (8,052) 
 (28,636) 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 (6,296) 
 (2,778) 
 1,191  
 27,983  
 42,488  
 62,588  
 (2,830) 
 59,758  
Regular individual to Substandard 
 (5,746) 
 -  
 9,199  
 -  
 -  
 3,453  
 (305) 
 3,148  
Regular individual to Individual non-performing 
 (821) 
 -  
 -  
 15,943  
 -  
 15,122  
 (287) 
 14,835  
Substandard to individual non-performing 
 -  
 -  
 (5,619) 
 12,582  
 -  
 6,963  
 (26) 
 6,937  
Substandard to regular individual 
 1,262  
 -  
 (3,139) 
 -  
 -  
 (1,877) 
 (321) 
 (2,198) 
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
 -  
 -  
 348  
 (300) 
 -  
 48  
 -  
 48  
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
 19  
 -  
 -  
 (244) 
 -  
 (225) 
 -  
 (225) 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
 -  
 (5,071) 
 -  
 -  
 44,920  
 39,849  
 (1,342) 
 38,507  
Group non-performing to Group regular 
 -  
 233  
 -  
 -  
 (3,806) 
 (3,573) 
 (78) 
 (3,651) 
Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) to Group (regular, non-performing) 
 (1,549) 
 2,405  
 (398) 
 (29) 
 1,374  
 1,803  
 (398) 
 1,405  
Group (regular, non-performing) to Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) 
 539  
 (345) 
 800  
 31  
 -  
 1,025  
 (73) 
 952  
New loans originated 
 43,243  
 6,438  
 1,196  
 11,496  
 7,705  
 70,078  
 -  
 70,078  
New loans for conversion of contingent to loans 
 506  
 1,620  
 109  
 333  
 1,781  
 4,349  
 -  
 4,349  
New loans acquired 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Loan repayment 
 (41,049) 
 (5,886) 
 (2,887) 
 (9,194) 
 (9,313) 
 (68,329) 
 (850) 
 (69,179) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 -  
 (509) 
 (29) 
 (10,108) 
 (23,134) 
 (33,780) 
 (2,751) 
 (36,531) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation differences 
 602  
 469  
 37  
 1,484  
 33  
 2,625  
 -  
 2,625  
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 3,957  
 3,957  
Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 132,490  
 40,445  
 33,616  
 130,495  
 113,485  
 450,531  
 26,133  
 476,664  
 
 
 
 
F-178

--- Page 481 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 49 
 
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2022 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19 
(i) 
Total 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual / group 
Individual / group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
131,612 
38,347 
46,040 
118,140 
110,122 
444,261 
46,193 
490,454 
Recording / (use) of provisions for: 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
(4,290) 
7,015 
168 
4,222 
(9,714) 
(2,599) 
(1,056) 
(3,655) 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
(3,316) 
(3,668) 
(2,493) 
17,890 
33,713 
42,126 
(6,632) 
35,494 
Regular individual to Substandard 
(1,896) 
- 
3,282 
- 
- 
1,386 
(3) 
1,383 
Regular individual to Individual non-performing 
(1,424) 
- 
- 
16,064 
- 
14,640 
(843) 
13,797 
Substandard to individual non-performing 
- 
- 
(1,374) 
2,534 
- 
1,160 
(135) 
1,025 
Substandard to regular individual 
874 
- 
(4,014) 
- 
- 
(3,140) 
- 
(3,140) 
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
- 
- 
14 
(377) 
- 
(363) 
- 
(363) 
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
1 
- 
- 
(272) 
- 
(271) 
- 
(271) 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
- 
(3,008) 
- 
- 
40,485 
37,477 
(5,642) 
31,835 
Group non-performing to Group regular 
- 
338 
- 
- 
(6,769) 
(6,431) 
- 
(6,431) 
Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) to Group (regular, non-performing) 
(2,224) 
2,225 
(578) 
(59) 
36 
(600) 
(9) 
(609) 
Group (regular, non-performing) to Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) 
1,353 
(3,223) 
177 
- 
(39) 
(1,732) 
- 
(1,732) 
New loans originated 
53,094 
6,132 
7,728 
17,116 
5,916 
89,986 
(13) 
89,973 
New loans for conversion of contingent to loans 
2,311 
1,740 
1,107 
120 
1,838 
7,116 
- 
7,116 
New loans acquired 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Sale or transfer of loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Loan repayment 
(40,826) 
(5,278) 
(17,270) 
(5,621) 
(5,909) 
(74,904) 
(41) 
(74,945) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
(1) 
(484) 
(492) 
(26,712) 
(34,586) 
(62,275) 
(1,792) 
(64,067) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
- 
2 
- 
- 
1 
3 
- 
3 
Changes in models and methodologies 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Translation differences 
(4,957) 
(1,537) 
(2,060) 
(1,366) 
(212) 
(10,132) 
- 
(10,132) 
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Balance as of December 31, 2022 
133,627 
42,269 
32,728 
123,789 
101,169 
433,582 
36,659 
470,241 
 
j) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the detail of movements in provisions recorded for mortgage loans is as follows: 
 
December 31, 2023  
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Group assessment 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Mortgage loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2023 
 58,809  
 24,309  
 83,118  
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 368  
 (457) 
 (89) 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 (2,474) 
 14,989  
 12,515  
Group regular to Group non-performing 
 (2,828) 
 17,107  
 14,279  
Group non-performing to Group regular 
 354  
 (2,118) 
 (1,764) 
New loans originated 
 5,535  
 20  
 5,555  
New credits for conversion of contingent to loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
New loans acquired 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Loan repayment 
 (28,239) 
 (2,318) 
 (30,557) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 (19) 
 (343) 
 (362) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation differences 
 1,135  
 16  
 1,151  
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 35,115  
 36,216  
 71,331  
 
 
December 31, 2022 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Group assessment 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Mortgage loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
39,582 
13,028 
52,610 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
(1,391) 
2,679 
1,288 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
(990) 
7,805 
6,815 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
(1,418) 
9,827 
8,409 
Group non-performing to Group regular 
428 
(2,022) 
(1,594) 
New loans originated 
26,606 
2,656 
29,262 
New credits for conversion of contingent to loans 
- 
- 
- 
New loans acquired 
- 
- 
- 
Sale or transfer of loans 
- 
- 
- 
Loan repayment 
(3,197) 
(1,407) 
(4,604) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
(15) 
(360) 
(375) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
- 
- 
- 
Changes in models and methodologies 
- 
- 
- 
Translation differences 
(1,787) 
(92) 
(1,879) 
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
- 
- 
- 
Balance as of December 31, 2022 
58,808 
24,309 
83,117 
F-179

--- Page 482 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 50 
 
 
 
k) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the balances for this concept are as follows: 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Group assessment 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Consumer Loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2023 
 158,957  
 164,848  
 323,805  
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 41,758  
 (7,989) 
 33,769  
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 (18,652) 
 91,815  
73,163 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
 (19,422) 
 96,260  
 76,838  
Group non-performing to Group regular 
 770  
 (4,445) 
 (3,675) 
New loans originated 
 8,724  
 21,989  
 30,713  
New credits for conversion of contingent to loans 
 22,454  
 9,403  
 31,857  
New loans acquired 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Repayment of loans 
 (25,323) 
 (25,565) 
 (50,888) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 (49,902) 
 (94,043) 
 (143,945) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
 146  
 42  
 188  
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation differences 
 49  
 -  
 49  
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Balance as of December 31, 2023 
138,211 
160,500 
298,711 
 
 
 
December 31, 2022 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Group Evaluation 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Consumer Loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
111,912 
95,740 
207,652 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
51,133 
(6,841) 
44,292 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
(17,050) 
110,801 
93,751 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
(18,281) 
118,105 
99,824 
Group non-performing to Group regular 
1,231 
(7,304) 
(6,073) 
New loans originated 
10,988 
27,460 
38,448 
New credits for conversion of contingent to loans 
31,694 
12,415 
44,109 
New loans acquired 
- 
- 
- 
Sale or transfer of loans 
(1,945) 
(1,791) 
(3,736) 
Repayment of loans 
(14,472) 
(17,749) 
(32,221) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
(14,927) 
(55,351) 
(70,278) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
1,862 
169 
2,031 
Changes in models and methodologies 
- 
- 
- 
Translation differences 
(238) 
(5) 
(243) 
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
- 
- 
- 
Balance as of December 31, 2022 
158,957 
164,848 
323,805 
 
l) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the detail of the movement of provisions recorded by contingent loans is as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Individual / group 
Individual / group 
assessment 
assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Contingent loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2023 
 23,712  
 14,162  
 8,881  
 6,526  
 6,971  
 60,252  
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 1,038  
 (458) 
 154  
 379  
 (587) 
 526  
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 (438) 
 (289) 
 3,227  
 643  
 1,240  
 4,383  
Regular individual to Substandard 
 (609) 
  -  
 3,454  
  -  
  -  
 2,845  
Regular individual to Individual non-performing 
 (86) 
  -  
 41  
 2,019  
  -  
 1,974  
Substandard to individual non-performing 
  -  
  -  
 (25) 
 234  
  -  
 209  
Substandard to regular individual 
 116  
  -  
 (253) 
  -  
  -  
 (137) 
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
  -  
  -  
 31  
 (50) 
  -  
 (19) 
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
 60  
  -  
  -  
 (1,560) 
  -  
 (1,500) 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
  -  
 (329) 
  -  
  -  
 2,711  
 2,382  
Group non-performing to Group regular 
  -  
 16  
  -  
  -  
 (1,492) 
 (1,476) 
Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) to Group (regular, non-performing) 
 (130) 
 95  
 (36) 
  -  
 21  
 (50) 
Group (regular, non-performing) to Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) 
 211  
 (71) 
 15  
  -  
  -  
 155  
New loans originated 
 15,275  
 3,001  
 5,518  
 514  
 285  
 24,593  
Contingent loans for conversion to loans 
 199  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 199  
Loan repayment 
 (10,082) 
 (2,814) 
 (6,790) 
 (4,761) 
 (1,620) 
 (26,067) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
  -  
 (364) 
  -  
  -  
 (517) 
 (881) 
Changes in models and methodologies 
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
Translation differences 
 227  
 10  
 33  
 511  
  -  
 781  
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 29,931  
 13,248  
 11,023  
 3,812  
 5,772  
 63,786  
 
 
 
December 31, 2022 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Individual / group 
Individual / group 
Assessment 
Assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Contingent loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
24,569 
18,882 
5,005 
4,602 
5,383 
58,441 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
1,474 
(3,149) 
151 
362 
(777) 
(1,939) 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
(456) 
(1,059) 
194 
3,772 
3,074 
5,525 
Regular individual to Substandard 
(507) 
- 
1,270 
- 
- 
763 
Regular individual to Individual non-performing 
(35) 
- 
- 
1,438 
- 
1,403 
Substandard to individual non-performing 
- 
- 
(751) 
679 
- 
(72) 
Substandard to regular individual 
198 
- 
(266) 
- 
- 
(68) 
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
- 
- 
4 
(29) 
- 
(25) 
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
- 
- 
- 
(1) 
- 
(1) 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
- 
(957) 
- 
- 
5,050 
4,093 
Group non-performing to Group regular 
- 
26 
- 
- 
(2,221) 
(2,195) 
Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) to Group (regular, non-performing) 
(166) 
(167) 
(64) 
1,685 
337 
1,625 
Group (regular, non-performing) to Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) 
54 
39 
1 
- 
(92) 
2 
New loans originated 
13,182 
2,997 
6,487 
848 
1,810 
25,324 
Contingent loans for conversion to loans 
489 
- 
- 
- 
- 
489 
Loan repayment 
(14,470) 
(3,053) 
(2,478) 
(2,532) 
(2,059) 
(24,592) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
- 
(416) 
- 
- 
(345) 
(761) 
Changes in models and methodologies 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Translation differences 
(1,077) 
(40) 
(478) 
(526) 
(115) 
(2,236) 
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Balance as of December 31, 2022 
23,711 
14,162 
8,881 
6,526 
6,971 
60,251 
 
F-180

--- Page 483 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 51 
 
 
m) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the concentration of credits by economic activity is as follows: 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Loans and exposure to contingent loans 
Constitutive provisions 
Local /foreign 
Total 
Local /foreign 
Total 
Loans 
Loans 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
 -  
 681,026  
 681,026  
 -  
 (836) 
 (836) 
Commercial loans 
 
 
Agriculture and livestock 
 485,718  
 84,254  
 569,972  
 (13,951) 
 (6,431) 
 (20,382) 
Fruit growing 
 319,891  
 29,421  
 349,312  
 (13,027) 
 (261) 
 (13,288) 
Forestry and logging 
 120,471  
 10,925  
 131,396  
 (2,038) 
 (155) 
 (2,193) 
Fishing 
 72,978  
 99,720  
 172,698  
 (2,205) 
 (905) 
 (3,110) 
Exploitation of mines and quarries 
 292,609  
 410,011  
 702,620  
 (2,210) 
 (830) 
 (3,040) 
Crude oil and natural gas production 
 36,223  
 34,617  
 70,840  
 (112) 
 (858) 
 (970) 
Product Manufacturing Industry 
 1,480,833  
 744,838  
 2,225,671  
 (40,168) 
 (4,670) 
 (44,838) 
Food, beverage, and tobacco industry 
 349,054  
 126,948  
 476,002  
 (7,348) 
 (957) 
 (8,305) 
Textile and leather industry 
 30,190  
 5,439  
 35,629  
 (1,453) 
 (95) 
 (1,548) 
Wood and furniture industry 
 41,812  
 13,150  
 54,962  
 (2,287) 
 (190) 
 (2,477) 
Printing and publishing paper industry 
 62,473  
 2,277  
 64,750  
 (2,909) 
 (98) 
 (3,007) 
Chemicals and petroleum derivatives 
 288,868  
 295,291  
 584,159  
 (7,936) 
 (652) 
 (8,588) 
Metallic, non-metallic, machinery, or other 
 429,263  
 202,541  
 631,804  
 (13,892) 
 (1,462) 
 (15,354) 
Other Manufacturing Industries 
 279,173  
 99,192  
 378,365  
 (4,343) 
 (1,216) 
 (5,559) 
Electricity, gas, and water 
 981,981  
 14,016  
 995,997  
 (6,823) 
 (271) 
 (7,094) 
Home building 
 135,204  
 43,920  
 179,124  
 (1,107) 
 (7) 
 (1,114) 
Other works and constructions 
 1,341,279  
 250,175  
 1,591,454  
 (35,247) 
 (2,177) 
 (37,424) 
Wholesale trade 
 1,556,737  
 384,003  
 1,940,740  
 (44,424) 
 (5,345) 
 (49,769) 
Retail restaurants and hotels 
 845,796  
 1,252,157  
 2,097,953  
 (36,682) 
 (8,863) 
 (45,545) 
Transport and storage 
 1,354,474  
 439,292  
 1,793,766  
 (20,082) 
 (5,273) 
 (25,355) 
Telecommunications 
 400,210  
 78,186  
 478,396  
 (7,754) 
 (487) 
 (8,241) 
Financial and insurance establishments 
 2,873,645  
 355,836  
 3,229,481  
 (30,298) 
 (7,009) 
 (37,307) 
Real estate and services provided to companies 
 2,972,779  
 5,426,656  
 8,399,435  
 (50,013) 
 (14,633) 
 (64,646) 
Community, social and personal services 
 2,902,202  
 4,586,319  
 7,488,521  
 (69,899) 
 (42,449) 
 (112,348) 
Total Commercial loans 
 18,173,030  
14,244,346  
 32,417,376  
 (376,040) 
(100,624) 
 (476,664) 
Mortgage loans 
 10,486,943  
 3,324,743  
 13,811,686  
 (53,840) 
 (17,491) 
 (71,331) 
Consumer Loans 
 3,123,048  
 54,746  
 3,177,794  
 (294,088) 
 (4,623) 
 (298,711) 
Contingent loan exposure 
 2,667,974  
 2,529,021  
 5,196,995  
 (48,719) 
 (15,067) 
 (63,786) 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
Loans and exposure to contingent loans 
Constitutive provisions 
Local /foreign 
Total 
Local /foreign 
Total 
Loans 
Loans 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
 -  
 768,663  
 768,663  
 -  
 (963) 
 (963) 
Commercial loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Agriculture and livestock 
 480,974  
 42,438  
 523,412  
 (12,652) 
 (2,983) 
 (15,635) 
Fruit growing 
 361,523  
 18,490  
 380,013  
 (11,141) 
 (128) 
 (11,269) 
Forestry and logging 
 146,189  
 5,697  
 151,886  
 (2,219) 
 (94) 
 (2,313) 
Fishing 
 69,733  
 82,783  
 152,516  
 (2,801) 
 (1,801) 
 (4,602) 
Exploitation of mines and quarries 
 239,527  
 101,399  
 340,926  
 (2,107) 
 (273) 
 (2,380) 
Crude oil and natural gas production 
 162,883  
 25,978  
 188,861  
 (1,987) 
 (580) 
 (2,567) 
Product Manufacturing Industry 
 1,592,811  
 519,150  
 2,111,961  
 (38,565) 
 (5,215) 
 (43,780) 
Food, beverage, and tobacco industry 
 369,374  
 145,364  
 514,738  
 (7,878) 
 (1,009) 
 (8,887) 
Textile and leather industry 
 69,779  
 9,374  
 79,153  
 (1,864) 
 (611) 
 (2,475) 
Wood and furniture industry 
 47,086  
 1,325  
 48,411  
 (1,857) 
 (18) 
 (1,875) 
Printing and publishing paper industry 
 60,462  
 4,538  
 65,000  
 (3,188) 
 (77) 
 (3,265) 
Chemicals and petroleum derivatives 
 354,268  
 50,020  
 404,288  
 (6,451) 
 (450) 
 (6,901) 
Metallic, non-metallic, machinery, or other 
 515,433  
 148,185  
 663,618  
 (14,126) 
 (1,604) 
 (15,730) 
Other Manufacturing Industries 
 176,409  
 160,344  
 336,753  
 (3,201) 
 (1,446) 
 (4,647) 
Electricity, gas, and water 
 796,927  
 22,544  
 819,471  
 (5,559) 
 (854) 
 (6,413) 
Home building 
 102,829  
 52,116  
 154,945  
 (1,153) 
 (11) 
 (1,164) 
Other works and constructions 
 1,638,735  
 219,508  
 1,858,243  
 (34,216) 
 (2,976) 
 (37,192) 
Wholesale trade 
 1,684,563  
 437,973  
 2,122,536  
 (41,277) 
 (8,240) 
 (49,517) 
Retail restaurants and hotels 
 917,926  
 1,371,085  
 2,289,011  
 (38,902) 
 (11,792) 
 (50,694) 
Transport and storage 
 1,180,000  
 401,400  
 1,581,400  
 (19,317) 
 (3,306) 
 (22,623) 
Telecommunications 
 390,451  
 106,784  
 497,235  
 (6,604) 
 (1,725) 
 (8,329) 
Financial and insurance establishments 
 2,538,704  
 289,941  
 2,828,645  
 (33,258) 
 (5,801) 
 (39,059) 
Real estate and services provided to companies 
 2,339,231  
 5,329,580  
 7,668,811  
 (55,569) 
 (18,252) 
 (73,821) 
Community, social and personal services 
 2,711,516  
 3,365,797  
 6,077,313  
 (65,528) 
 (33,355) 
 (98,883) 
Total Commercial loans 
 17,354,522  12,392,663  
 29,747,185  
 (372,855) 
 (97,386) 
 (470,241) 
Mortgage loans 
 9,942,313  
 2,950,185  
 12,892,498  
 (38,264) 
(44,853) 
 (83,117) 
Consumer Loans 
 3,484,883  
 51,729  
 3,536,612  
 (319,677) 
 (4,128) 
 (323,805) 
Contingent loan exposure 
 6,016,625  
 799,134  
 6,815,759  
 (55,253) 
 (4,999) 
 (60,252) 
 
F-181

--- Page 484 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 52 
 
 
n) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the mortgage loans and its provisions recorded by tranches of outstanding principal owed of the loan on the 
value of the mortgage guarantee (PVG) and the days past due, are as follows: 
 
December 31, 2023, 
Loan Tranche / Guarantee Value 
(%) 
Mortgage loans (MCh$) 
Provisions recorded for mortgage Loans (MCh$) 
Days past due at the end of the period 
Days past due at the end of the period 
0 
1 to 29 
30 to 59 
60 to 89 
>= 90 
Total 
0 
1 to 29 
30 to 59 
60 to 89 
>= 90 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
PVG <= 40% 
 1,306,097  
 23,261  
 16,232  
 6,294  
 15,155  
 1,367,039  
 (7,082) 
 (902) 
 (715) 
 (455) 
 (1,515) 
 (10,669) 
40% < PVG <= 80% 
 9,895,785  
 251,003  
 107,738  
 54,094   126,156  
 10,434,776  
 (23,782) 
 (7,588) 
 (4,880) 
 (3,241) 
 (12,630) 
 (52,121) 
80% < PVG <= 90% 
 1,682,590  
 32,285  
 16,288  
 10,119  
 19,099  
 1,760,381  
 (2,673) 
 (909) 
 (655) 
 (438) 
 (1,895) 
 (6,570) 
PVG > 90% 
 240,843  
 3,787  
 2,361  
 757  
 1,742  
 249,490  
 (1,650) 
 (86) 
 (52) 
 (19) 
 (164) 
 (1,971) 
Total LTV 
 13,125,315  
 310,336  
 142,619  
 71,264  162,152  
 13,811,686  
 (35,187) 
 (9,485) 
 (6,302) 
 (4,153) 
 (16,204) 
 (71,331) 
 
 
December 31, 2022, 
Tranche Loan / Guarantee Value 
(%) 
Mortgage loans (MCh$) 
Provisions recorded for mortgage Loans (MCh$) 
Days past due at the end of the period 
Days past due at the end of the period 
0 
1 to 29 
30 to 59 
60 to 89 
>= 90 
Total 
0 
1 to 29 
30 to 59 
60 to 89 
>= 90 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
PVG <= 40% 
1,105,938 
34,743 
12,160 
3,544 
8,713 
1,165,098 
(8,294) 
(676) 
(465) 
(210) 
(851) 
(10,496) 
40% < PVG <= 80% 
9,056,788 
315,448 
74,115 
34,145 
88,835 
9,569,331 
(46,774) 
(7,117) 
(3,321) 
(1,925) 
(7,039) 
(66,176) 
80% < PVG <= 90% 
1,865,001 
25,694 
13,200 
4,782 
8,246 
1,916,923 
(3,091) 
(661) 
(387) 
(195) 
(686) 
(5,020) 
PVG > 90% 
227,966 
5,613 
4,630 
575 
2,362 
241,146 
(979) 
(109) 
(130) 
(24) 
(183) 
(1,425) 
Total LTV 
12,255,693 
381,498 
104,105 
43,046 
108,156 
12,892,498 
(59,138) 
(8,563) 
(4,303) 
(2,354) 
(8,759) 
(83,117) 
 
F-182

--- Page 485 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022  
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 53 
 
 
o) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, loans and advances to bank and commercial loans and their provisions recorded by classification category, are as follows: 
 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Loans and advances to banks and commercial loans 
Assessment 
Total 
Deductible 
provision 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19(i) 
Individual 
Group 
Regular 
Portfolio 
Substandard Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
 
Total 
 
Normal 
Portfolio 
Portfolio in 
Default 
 
Total 
A2 
A3 
A4 
TO 5 
A6 
Subtotal 
B1 
B2 
B3 
B4 
Subtotal 
C1 
C2 
C3 
C4 
C5 
C6 
Subtotal 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interbank liquidity loans 
 -  
 93,813  
 50,187  
 -  
 55,590  
 -  
 199,590  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 199,590  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 199,590  
 -  
Commercial interbank loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Overdrafts on checking accounts 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
 -  
 75,556  
 59,205  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 134,761  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 134,761  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 134,761  
 -  
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign trade credits between third countries 
 -  
 233,645  
 113,030  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 346,675  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 346,675  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 346,675  
 -  
Non-transferable deposits in banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other credit balances with banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 403,014  
 222,422  
 -  
 55,590  
 -  
 681,026  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 681,026  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 681,026  
 -  
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 (344) 
 (486) 
 -  
 (6) 
 -  
 (836) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (836) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (836) 
 -  
% Provisions recorded 
0.00% 
0.09% 
0.22% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.00% 
0.12% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.12% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.12% 
 
Commercial loans 
Commercial loans 
 80,361   1,237,806  
 3,326,608  
 3,896,495  
 4,668,850  
 8,009,093   21,219,213  
 1,250,220  
 161,414  
 39,664  
 65,453  
 1,516,751  
 288,414   252,782  
 22,704  
 28,838  
 27,502  
 48,412  
 668,652  
 23,404,616  
 3,369,142  
 359,636  
 3,728,778  
 27,133,394  
 (26,133) 
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
 -  
 597,032  
 406,200  
 169,836  
 43,606  
 32,917  
 1,249,591  
 5,099  
 10,311  
 -  
 -  
 15,410  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,313  
 -  
 -  
 1,313  
 1,266,314  
 10,970  
 -  
 10,970  
 1,277,284  
 -  
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
 -  
 25,286  
 97,134  
 128,813  
 58,273  
 44,873  
 354,379  
 9,844  
 417  
 -  
 1,575  
 11,836  
 -  
 -  
 6,692  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 6,692  
 372,907  
 28,212  
 -  
 28,212  
 401,119  
 -  
Foreign trade credits between third countries 
 -  
 15,290  
 170,799  
 3,706  
 31,627  
 10,543  
 231,965  
 433  
 6,054  
 -  
 -  
 6,487  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 5,424  
 5,424  
 243,876  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 243,876  
 -  
Debtors in current accounts 
 -  
 11,707  
 35,642  
 6,249  
 9,183  
 1,605  
 64,386  
 3,562  
 1,462  
 87  
 78  
 5,189  
 420  
 159  
 71  
 71  
 114  
 800  
 1,635  
 71,210  
 69,293  
 9,561  
 78,854  
 150,064  
 -  
Credit card debtors 
 -  
 914  
 1,309  
 2,171  
 817  
 525  
 5,736  
 771  
 116  
 11  
 5  
 903  
 11  
 34  
 11  
 6  
 52  
 207  
 321  
 6,960  
 53,788  
 7,522  
 61,310  
 68,270  
 -  
Factoring operations 
 138,680  
 243,880  
 443,473  
 270,435  
 133,316  
 24,099  
 1,253,883  
 41,213  
 1,489  
 -  
 -  
 42,702  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 76  
 41  
 -  
 117  
 1,296,702  
 71,277  
 356  
 71,633  
 1,368,335  
 -  
Commercial finance lease operations 
 -  
 79,284  
 229,066  
 294,182  
 212,759  
 347,376  
 1,162,667  
 118,134  
 25,078  
 3,092  
 4,314  
 150,618  
 20,188  
 2,594  
 5,696  
 2,327  
 477  
 1,044  
 32,326  
 1,345,611  
 289,576  
 13,687  
 303,263  
 1,648,874  
 -  
Student loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 100,286  
 15,224  
 115,510  
 115,510  
 -  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 79  
 -  
 87  
 -  
 1,874  
 7,502  
 9,542  
 9,542  
 70  
 1,038  
 1,108  
 10,650  
 -  
Subtotal 
 219,041   2,211,199  
 4,710,231  
 4,771,887  
 5,158,431  
 8,471,031   25,541,820  
 1,429,276  
 206,341  
 42,854  
 71,425  
 1,749,896  
 309,112   255,569  
 35,261  
 32,631  
 30,060  
 63,389  
 726,022  
 28,017,738  
 3,992,614  
 407,024  
 4,399,638  
 32,417,376  
 (26,133) 
Provisions recorded 
 (79) 
 (2,694) 
 (9,387) 
 (28,556) 
 (31,435) 
 (60,339) 
 (132,490) 
 (19,285) 
 (6,830) 
 (957) 
 (6,544) 
 (33,616) 
 (6,678)  (25,611) 
 (8,842)  (13,244)  (19,770)  (56,350) 
 (130,495) 
 (296,601) 
 (40,445) 
 (113,485) 
 (153,930) 
 (450,531) 
 -  
% Provisions recorded 
0.04% 
0.14% 
0.15% 
0.96% 
0.79% 
1.08% 
0.72% 
2.18% 
2.23% 
8.51% 
4.01% 
2.75% 
2.01% 
10.13% 
25.02% 
40.23% 
65.16% 
89.72% 
25.82% 
1.35% 
1.64% 
29.96% 
3.70% 
1.76% -  
 
December 31, 2022 
Loans and advances to banks and commercial loans 
Assessment 
Total 
Deductible 
provision 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-
19(i) 
Individual 
Group 
Regular 
Portfolio 
Substandard Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
Total 
 
Normal Portfolio 
Portfolio in 
Default 
 
Total 
A2 
A3 
A4 
TO 5 
A6 
Subtotal 
B1 
B2 
B3 
B4 
Subtotal 
C1 
C2 
C3 
C4 
C5 
C6 
Subtotal 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
Interbank liquidity loans 
- 
170,429 
87,972 
11,992 
34,091 
- 
304,484 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
304,484 
- 
- 
- 
304,484 
- 
Commercial interbank loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Overdrafts on checking accounts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
- 
33,388 
33,876 
- 
- 
- 
67,264 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
67,264 
- 
- 
- 
67,264 
- 
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade credits between third countries 
- 
274,268 
122,647 
- 
- 
- 
396,915 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
396,915 
- 
- 
- 
396,915 
- 
Non-transferable deposits in banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
478,085 
244,495 
11,992 
34,091 
- 
768,663 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
768,663 
- 
- 
- 
768,663 
- 
Provisions recorded 
- 
(424) 
(535) 
(1) 
(3) 
- 
(963) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(963) 
- 
- 
- 
(963) 
- 
% Provisions recorded 
0.00% 
0.09% 
0.22% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.00% 
0.13% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.13% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.13% 
Commercial loans 
Commercial loans 
275,044 
1,375,555 
3,098,642 
3,333,849 
4,596,454 
7,272,232 
19,951,776 
983,368 
141,285 
34,133 
45,257 
1,204,043 
196,591 
114,783 
91,981 
37,478 
21,796 
42,874 
505,503 
21,661,322 
3,510,630 
295,806 
3,806,436 
25,467,758 
(36,659) 
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
- 
76,245 
275,315 
137,794 
81,639 
24,153 
595,146 
15,523 
689 
2,341 
4,343 
22,896 
- 
3,711 
- 
- 
4,303 
- 
8,014 
626,056 
7,962 
- 
7,962 
634,018 
- 
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
- 
13,587 
130,517 
154,585 
73,841 
27,794 
400,324 
3,734 
7,074 
139 
663 
11,610 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
411,934 
24,546 
- 
24,546 
436,480 
- 
Foreign trade credits between third countries 
- 
- 
102,637 
17,579 
49,745 
15,514 
185,475 
525 
5,832 
- 
5,148 
11,505 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
196,980 
- 
- 
- 
196,980 
- 
Debtors in current accounts 
189 
8,133 
33,235 
5,876 
5,947 
1,826 
55,206 
7,224 
2,196 
359 
297 
10,076 
180 
182 
4 
133 
77 
510 
1,086 
66,368 
69,124 
7,140 
76,264 
142,632 
- 
Credit card debtors 
- 
1,059 
1,102 
2,163 
978 
777 
6,079 
740 
101 
18 
71 
930 
- 
11 
- 
46 
22 
339 
418 
7,427 
53,459 
5,300 
58,759 
66,186 
- 
Factoring operations 
60,896 
224,294 
373,802 
298,031 
207,716 
24,198 
1,188,937 
9,323 
521 
- 
171 
10,015 
- 
351 
- 
- 
2,853 
- 
3,204 
1,202,156 
79,242 
2,205 
81,447 
1,283,603 
- 
Commercial finance lease operations 
- 
71,715 
148,067 
295,506 
228,258 
178,045 
921,591 
97,890 
25,280 
7,006 
9,002 
139,178 
12,478 
5,548 
1,155 
3,009 
3,254 
2,293 
27,737 
1,088,506 
284,076 
10,884 
294,960 
1,383,466 
- 
Student loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
116,262 
11,468 
127,730 
127,730 
- 
Other loans and receivable 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
90 
- 
- 
2,154 
1,632 
3,626 
7,502 
7,502 
71 
759 
830 
8,332 
- 
Subtotal 
336,129 
1,770,588 
4,163,317 
4,245,383 
5,244,578 
7,544,539 
23,304,534 
1,118,327 
182,978 
43,996 
64,952 
1,410,253 
209,339 
124,586 
93,140 
42,820 
33,937 
49,642 
553,464 
25,268,251 
4,145,372 
333,562 
4,478,934 
29,747,185 
(36,659) 
Provisions recorded 
(97) 
(2,289) 
(6,760) 
(33,057) 
(38,025) 
(53,399) 
(133,627) 
(17,266) 
(5,799) 
(4,417) 
(5,246) 
(32,728) 
(4,238) 
(12,570) 
(23,298) 
(17,615) 
(22,004) 
(44,064) 
(123,789) 
(290,144) 
(42,269) 
(101,169) 
(143,438) 
(433,582) 
- 
% Provisions recorded 
0.04% 
0.14% 
0.15% 
0.96% 
0.79% 
1.08% 
0.72% 
2.18% 
2.23% 
8.51% 
4.01% 
2.75% 
2.01% 
10.13% 
25.02% 
40.23% 
65.16% 
89.72% 
25.82% 
1.35% 
1.64% 
29.96% 
3.70% 
1.76% 
F-183

--- Page 486 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 58 
 
p) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the balances for loans and their provisions recorded by tranches of days past due, are as follows: 
 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions constituted 
Net financial 
assets 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandar
d Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-
19(i) 
Total 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
Individual/group 
Individual 
Individual/group 
Individual/group 
Individual 
Individual/group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to 
banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0 days 
 681,026  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 681,026  
 (836) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (836) 
 -  
 (836) 
 680,190  
1 to 29 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
30 to 59 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
60 to 89 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
>= 90 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 681,026  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 681,026  
 (836) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (836) 
 -  
 (836) 
 680,190  
Commercial loans 
0 days 
 24,415,352  
 3,807,935  
 1,521,912  
 484,404  
 119,536  
 30,349,139  
 (121,561) 
 (31,661) 
 (26,765) 
 (45,599) 
 (28,318) 
 (253,904) 
 (24,121) 
 (278,025) 
 30,071,114  
1 to 29 days 
 1,087,433  
 120,046  
 179,517  
 48,737  
 36,261  
 1,471,994  
 (10,758) 
 (3,564) 
 (3,799) 
 (3,949) 
 (7,777) 
 (29,847) 
 (210) 
 (30,057) 
 1,441,937  
30 to 59 days 
 19,816  
 50,682  
 41,056  
 25,936  
 32,324  
 169,814  
 (62) 
 (2,829) 
 (2,902) 
 (2,833) 
 (7,705) 
 (16,331) 
 (212) 
 (16,543) 
 153,271  
60 to 89 days 
 19,194  
 13,951  
 7,411  
 18,682  
 22,554  
 81,792  
 (107) 
 (2,391) 
 (150) 
 (2,452) 
 (5,733) 
 (10,833) 
 (60) 
 (10,893) 
 70,899  
>= 90 days 
 25  
 -  
 -  
 148,263  
 196,349  
 344,637  
 (2) 
 -  
 -  
 (75,662) 
 (63,952) 
 (139,616) 
 (1,530) 
 (141,146) 
 203,491  
Subtotal 
 25,541,820  
 3,992,614  
 1,749,896  
 726,022  
 407,024  
 32,417,376  
 (132,490) 
 (40,445) 
 (33,616) 
 (130,495) 
 (113,485) 
 (450,531) 
 (26,133) 
 (476,664) 
 31,940,712  
Mortgage loans 
0 days 
 -  
 13,033,864  
 -  
 -  
 91,451  
 13,125,315  
 -  
 (27,140) 
 -  
 -  
 (8,047) 
 (35,187) 
 -  
 (35,187) 
 13,090,128  
1 to 29 days 
 -  
 257,429  
 -  
 -  
 52,907  
 310,336  
 -  
 (4,897) 
 -  
 -  
 (4,588) 
 (9,485) 
 -  
 (9,485) 
 300,851  
30 to 59 days 
 -  
 95,789  
 -  
 -  
 46,830  
 142,619  
 -  
 (2,277) 
 -  
 -  
 (4,025) 
 (6,302) 
 -  
 (6,302) 
 136,317  
60 to 89 days 
 -  
 33,168  
 -  
 -  
 38,096  
 71,264  
 -  
 (801) 
 -  
 -  
 (3,352) 
 (4,153) 
 -  
 (4,153) 
 67,111  
>= 90 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 162,152  
 162,152  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (16,204) 
 (16,204) 
 -  
 (16,204) 
 145,948  
Subtotal 
 -  
 13,420,250  
 -  
 -  
 391,436  
 13,811,686  
 -  
 (35,115) 
 -  
 -  
 (36,216) 
 (71,331) 
 -  
 (71,331) 
 13,740,355  
Consumer loans 
0 days 
 -  
 2,767,942  
 -  
 -  
 105,638  
 2,873,580  
 -  
 (84,935) 
 -  
 -  
 (53,266) 
 (138,201) 
 -  
 (138,201) 
 2,735,379  
1 to 29 days 
 -  
 80,762  
 -  
 -  
 26,270  
 107,032  
 -  
 (23,641) 
 -  
 -  
 (13,746) 
 (37,387) 
 -  
 (37,387) 
 69,645  
30 to 59 days 
 -  
 37,790  
 -  
 -  
 21,552  
 59,342  
 -  
 (19,061) 
 -  
 -  
 (12,264) 
 (31,325) 
 -  
 (31,325) 
 28,017  
60 to 89 days 
 -  
 18,824  
 -  
 -  
 22,829  
 41,653  
 -  
 (10,574) 
 -  
 -  
 (15,229) 
 (25,803) 
 -  
 (25,803) 
 15,850  
>= 90 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 96,187  
 96,187  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (65,995) 
 (65,995) 
 -  
 (65,995) 
 30,192  
Subtotal 
 -  
 2,905,318  
 -  
 -  
 272,476  
 3,177,794  
 -   (138,211) 
 -  
 -  
 (160,500) 
 (298,711) 
 -  
 (298,711) 
 2,879,083  
TOTAL 
 26,222,846  
 20,318,182  
 1,749,896  
 726,022  
 1,070,936  
 50,087,882  
 (133,326) 
 (213,771) 
 (33,616) 
 (130,495) 
 (310,201) 
 (821,409) 
 (26,133) 
 (847,542) 
49,240,340  
 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions constituted 
 
Net financial 
assets 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19(i) 
Total 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
 
Assessment 
Individual/group 
Individual 
Individual/group 
Individual/group 
Individual 
Individual/group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to 
banks 
0 days 
767,042 
- 
- 
- 
- 
767,042 
(959) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(959) 
- 
(959) 
766,083 
1 to 29 days 
1,621 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,621 
(4) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(4) 
- 
(4) 
1,617 
30 to 59 days 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
60 to 89 days 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
>= 90 days 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
768,663 
- 
- 
- 
- 
768,663 
(963) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(963) 
- 
(963) 
767,700 
Commercial loans 
0 days 
21,345,722 
3,989,817 
1,276,874 
325,555 
104,823 
27,042,791 
(122,893) 
(33,306) 
(29,294) 
(66,003) 
(26,101) 
(277,597) 
(46,850) 
(324,447) 
26,718,344 
1 to 29 days 
1,943,151 
114,542 
123,644 
31,876 
26,346 
2,239,559 
(10,529) 
(4,880) 
(3,252) 
(3,666) 
(6,574) 
(28,901) 
(90) 
(28,991) 
2,210,568 
30 to 59 days 
14,465 
31,003 
7,488 
12,779 
24,208 
89,943 
(203) 
(2,834) 
(76) 
(2,104) 
(5,911) 
(11,128) 
62 
(11,066) 
78,877 
60 to 89 days 
1,172 
10,010 
2,169 
19,362 
21,083 
53,796 
- 
(1,249) 
(95) 
(5,813) 
(5,759) 
(12,916) 
83 
(12,833) 
40,963 
>= 90 days 
24 
- 
78 
163,892 
157,102 
321,096 
(2) 
- 
(11) 
(46,203) 
(56,824) 
(103,040) 
10,136 
(92,904) 
228,192 
Subtotal 
23,304,534 
4,145,372 
1,410,253 
553,464 
333,562 
29,747,185 
(133,627) 
(42,269) 
(32,728) 
(123,789) 
(101,169) 
(433,582) 
(36,659) 
(470,241) 
29,276,944 
Mortgage loans 
0 days 
- 
12,167,990 
- 
- 
87,703 
12,255,693 
- 
(51,639) 
- 
- 
(7,499) 
(59,138) 
- 
(59,138) 
12,196,555 
1 to 29 days 
- 
342,490 
- 
- 
39,008 
381,498 
- 
(5,294) 
- 
- 
(3,269) 
(8,563) 
- 
(8,563) 
372,935 
30 to 59 days 
- 
69,646 
- 
- 
34,459 
104,105 
- 
(1,460) 
- 
- 
(2,843) 
(4,303) 
- 
(4,303) 
99,802 
60 to 89 days 
- 
18,582 
- 
- 
24,464 
43,046 
- 
(415) 
- 
- 
(1,939) 
(2,354) 
- 
(2,354) 
40,692 
>= 90 days 
- 
- 
- 
- 
108,156 
108,156 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(8,759) 
(8,759) 
- 
(8,759) 
99,397 
Subtotal 
- 
12,598,708 
- 
- 
293,790 
12,892,498 
- 
(58,808) 
- 
- 
(24,309) 
(83,117) 
- 
(83,117) 
12,809,381 
Consumer loans 
0 days 
- 
3,074,577 
- 
- 
85,744 
3,160,321 
- 
(89,531) 
- 
- 
(42,220) 
(131,751) 
- 
(131,751) 
3,028,570 
1 to 29 days 
- 
109,674 
- 
- 
22,376 
132,050 
- 
(30,371) 
- 
- 
(11,296) 
(41,667) 
- 
(41,667) 
90,383 
30 to 59 days 
- 
53,757 
- 
- 
21,881 
75,638 
- 
(25,872) 
- 
- 
(12,874) 
(38,746) 
- 
(38,746) 
36,892 
60 to 89 days 
- 
25,773 
- 
- 
27,230 
53,003 
- 
(13,183) 
- 
- 
(18,353) 
(31,536) 
- 
(31,536) 
21,467 
>= 90 days 
- 
- 
- 
- 
115,600 
115,600 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(80,105) 
(80,105) 
- 
(80,105) 
35,495 
Subtotal 
- 
3,263,781 
- 
- 
272,831 
3,536,612 
- 
(158,957) 
- 
- 
(164,848) 
(323,805) 
- 
(323,805) 
3,212,807 
TOTAL 
24,073,197 
20,007,861 
1,410,253 
553,464 
900,183 
46,944,958 
(134,590) 
(260,034) 
(32,728) 
(123,789) 
(290,326) 
(841,467) 
(36,659) 
(878,126) 
46,066,832 
 
F-184

--- Page 487 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 59 
 
q) The guarantees provided to the Bank to guarantee the payment of the rights reflected in its loan’s portfolio correspond to mortgages, pledges, 
including warrants and trade and commercial financial instruments. 
 
The Bank finances the acquisition of goods to its customers, both movable and real estate, through finance lease agreements between 1 and 10 years 
depending on each contract, which are presented in the caption lease operations. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, MCh$1,126,289 and MCh$609,754, 
respectively, correspond to finance leases on personal property, and MCh$523,017 and MCh$774,021, respectively. To finance leases on real estate. 
The detail of the reconciliation between the gross investment and the present value of the minimum collections as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, is 
as follows: 
Net balance receivable 
December 31, 2023 
December 31, 2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Gross finance lease 
 1,880,391  
1,597,939 
Unaccrued finance income 
 (231,084) 
(214,164) 
Net finance lease 
 1,649,307  
1,383,775 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the cash flows receivable by the Bank from finance lease agreements due to expiration are as follows: 
 
Net balance receivable 
December 31, 2023 
December 31, 2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
On-demand 
 -  
- 
Up to a month 
 173,594  
181,837 
More than 1 month to 3 months 
 213,471  
175,167 
More than 3e months to 1 year 
 409,576  
288,009 
More than 1 year to 3 years 
 349,344  
291,959 
More than 3 years to 5 years 
 204,524  
184,310 
More than 5 years 
 298,798  
262,493 
Total 
 1,649,307  
1,383,775 
 
There is no evidence of impairment for finance lease agreements entered into by the Bank. 
 
The Bank has acquired financial assets corresponding to real estate for a value of MCh$12,899 for the period 2023 and MCh$8,913 for the period 2022, 
through the execution of guarantees or dations in payment of collateral. 
 
 
F-185

--- Page 488 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 60 
 
 
NOTE 14 – INVESTMENTS IN COMPANIES 
 
a) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the main investments in companies and joint ventures are detailed below: 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
December 31, 2022 
Equity 
Ownership 
interest 
Investment value 
Equity 
Ownership 
interest 
Investment value 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
Investments in associates 
 
 
 
Redbanc S.A. 
 12,468  
12.71 
 1,585  
 11,368  
12.71 
 1,445  
Combanc S.A. 
 7,823  
13.30 
 1,041  
 7,354  
13.30 
 978  
Transbank S.A. 
 133,894  
8.72 
 11,674  
 110,929  
8.72 
 9,672  
Servicio de Infraestructura de Mercado OTC S.A. 
 14,310  
13.61 
 1,948  
 13,222  
13.61 
 1,800  
AFT S.A. 
 20,341  
20.00 
 4,068  
 20,626  
20.00 
 4,125  
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
 14,082  
33.33 
 4,694  
 15,047  
33.33 
 5,015  
Sociedad Interbancaria de Depósitos de Valores S.A. 
 8,413  
7.03 
 591  
 7,255  
7.03 
 510  
Pagos y Servicios S.A. 
 3,487  
49.90 
 1,740  
 5,126  
49.90 
 2,558  
 
 
 
Minority investments 
 
 
Shares in SWIFT 
 -  
 -  
 56  
- 
- 
 56  
Shares in BLADEX 
 -  
 -  
 1,264  
- 
- 
 803  
Shares FRB and FHLB  
 -  
 -  
 125,046  
- 
- 
 140,616  
Other shares 
 -  
 -  
 3  
- 
- 
 11  
 
 
 
Investments in joint ventures 
 
 
Servipag Ltda. 
 15,664  
50.00 
 7,832  
 13,662  
50.00 
 6,831  
Artikos Chile S.A. 
 3,188  
50.00 
 1,594  
 2,632  
50.00 
 1,316  
Total 
233,670 
163,136 
 207,221  
 175,736  
 
b) Changes in investments in companies as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, are as follows: 
 
 
 
c) The summarized information of associates and joint ventures as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 is as follows: 
 
Associate or joint venture 
As of December 31, 2023 
Ownership 
interest 
Current assets 
Non-current 
assets 
Current 
liabilities 
Non-current 
liabilities 
Equity 
Income 
Expenses 
Net income 
(loss) 
% 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
 
Redbanc S.A. 
12.71 
 11,054  
 16,275  
 11,626  
 3,236  
 12,468  
 58,960  
 (58,204) 
 117,164  
Combanc S.A. 
13.30 
 841  
 8,377  
 899  
 496  
 7,823  
 5,478  
 (4,906) 
 10,384  
Transbank S.A. 
8.72 
 1,363  
 165  
 1,356  
 37  
 135  
 974  
 (947) 
 1,921  
Servicio de Infraestructura de Mercado OTC S.A. 
13.61 
 21,040  
 11,788  
 18,560  
 -  
 14,268  
 10,156  
 (9,155) 
 19,311  
Administrador Financiero del Transantiago S.A. 
20.00 
 66,701  
 882  
 45,665  
 1,577  
 20,341  
 7,127  
 (3,512) 
 10,639  
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
33.33 
 6,380  
 10,983  
 3,034  
 246  
 14,082  
 19,807  
 (14,749) 
 34,556  
Sociedad Interbancaria de Depósitos de Valores S.A. 
7.03 
 104  
 8,834  
 463  
 -  
 8,413  
 1,768  
 (50) 
 1,818  
Pagos y Servicios S.A. 
49.90 
 5,640  
 10,372  
 5,576  
 7,200  
 3,236  
 3,555  
 (6,518) 
 (2,963) 
Servipag Ltda. 
50.00 
 84,569  
 18,138  
 82,503  
 4,539  
 15,664  
 45,408  
 (41,006) 
 86,414  
Artikos Chile S.A. 
50.00 
 3,768  
 1,724  
 1,898  
 406  
 3,188  
 6,413  
 (4,774) 
 11,187  
 
Associate or joint venture 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
Ownership 
interest 
Current assets 
Non-current 
assets 
Current 
liabilities 
Non-current 
liabilities 
Equity 
Income 
Expenses 
Net income 
(loss) 
% 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
 
Redbanc S.A. 
12.71 
 14,459  
 16,058  
 17,595  
 1,554  
 11,368  
 52,525  
 (50,814) 
 103,339  
Combanc S.A. 
13.30 
 6,647  
 1,711  
 1,004  
 -  
 7,354  
 5,230  
 (4,299) 
 9,529  
Transbank S.A. 
8.72 
 1,357  
 140  
 1,384  
 4  
 110  
 969  
 (943) 
 1,912  
Servicio de Infraestructura de Mercado OTC S.A. 
13.61 
 31,105  
 4,459  
 20,672  
 1,670  
 13,222  
 9,846  
 (8,973) 
 18,819  
Administrador Financiero del Transantiago S.A. 
20.00 
 59,933  
 806  
 38,711  
 1,402  
 20,626  
 6,842  
 (2,820) 
 9,662  
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
33.33 
 8,954  
 10,388  
 3,986  
 309  
 15,047  
 17,136  
 (12,434) 
 29,570  
Sociedad Interbancaria de Depósitos de Valores S.A. 
7.03 
 81  
 7,636  
 463  
 -  
 7,255  
 1,557  
 (49) 
 1,606  
Pagos y Servicios S.A. 
49.90 
 6,554  
 9,369  
 3,148  
 7,397  
 5,379  
 10,353  
 (11,688) 
 22,041  
Servipag Ltda. 
50.00 
 76,085  
 14,606  
 73,923  
 3,105  
 13,662  
 41,207  
 (37,475) 
 78,682  
Artikos Chile S.A. 
50.00 
 2,540  
 1,984  
 1,326  
 567  
 2,632  
 5,629  
 (4,267) 
 9,896  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
December 31,  
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 
 175,736  
115,414 
Equity in profit or loss 
  16,018 
7,404 
Sale of investments in companies 
(23,613)  
(1,319) 
Acquisition of investments in companies 
- 
55,990 
Dividend received 
(3,945) 
(3,668) 
Adjustment of provision for minimum dividend and results 
 5  
(20) 
Provision for minimum dividend 
 (1,088) 
(615) 
Capital increase adjustment 
 -  
3,003 
MTM shares 
23 
(453) 
Total 
 163,136  
175,736 
F-186

--- Page 489 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 61 
 
 
NOTE 15 – INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
 
a) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 intangible assets are as follows: 
 
December 31, 2023 
Average years of 
useful life 
Average years of 
remaining useful life 
Gross Balance 
Accumulated amortization 
Net Balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Goodwill from business combination 
- 
- 
 158,641  
 -  
 158,641  
Other intangible assets arising from business combinations: 
Customer relationships 
10 
7 
 33,391  
 (19,818) 
 13,573  
Core deposits 
8 
2 
 109,216  
 (104,104) 
 5,112  
Right to use trademarks 
10 
7 
 20,859  
 (2,602) 
 18,257  
Right to use channels 
10 
7 
 2,538  
 (1,682) 
 856  
Contract for collection of services 
- 
- 
 8,508  
 (4,325) 
 4,183  
Mortgage loans servicing rights 
- 
- 
 1,292  
 (262) 
 1,030  
Other intangible assets  
11 
7 
 9,227  
 (4,398) 
 4,829  
Other independently generated intangible assets 
Software or computer programs purchased independently 
6 
4 
 443,122  
 (63,648) 
 379,474  
Software or computer programs generated internally 
6 
5 
 124,963  
 (264,372) 
 (139,409) 
Mortgage loans servicing rights 
- 
- 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other intangible assets 
- 
- 
-  
 -  
-  
Total 
 911,757  
 (465,211) 
 446,546  
 
December 31, 2022 
Average years of 
useful life 
Average years of 
remaining useful life 
Gross Balance 
Accumulated amortization 
Net Balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Goodwill from business combination 
- 
- 
155,234 
- 
155,234 
Other intangible assets arising from business combinations: 
Customer relationships 
10 
7 
34,890 
(17,103) 
17,787 
Core deposits 
8 
2 
106,063 
(86,366) 
19,697 
Right to use trademarks 
10 
7 
20,405 
(2,090) 
18,315 
Right to use channels 
10 
7 
2,538 
(1,508) 
1,030 
Contract for collection of services 
- 
- 
8,508 
(3,474) 
5,034 
Mortgage loans servicing rights 
- 
- 
552 
(136) 
416 
Other intangible assets 
11 
7 
9,053 
(3,645) 
5,408 
Other independently generated intangible assets 
Software or computer programs purchased independently 
6 
5 
382,283 
(226,041) 
156,242 
Software or computer programs generated internally 
6 
5 
85,763 
(53,939) 
31,824 
Mortgage loans servicing rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other intangible assets 
- 
- 
22 
- 
22 
Total 
805,311 
(394,302) 
411,009 
 
b) Changes in intangible assets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, are as follows: 
 
 
Goodwill 
from business 
combination 
Other intangible assets arising from business combinations 
Other independently generated intangible assets 
 
Customer 
relationships 
 
Stable 
deposits 
 
Right to use  
trademarks 
 
Right to 
use 
channels 
Contract for  
collection of 
services 
Mortgage 
loans 
servicing 
rights 
 
Other 
intangible 
assets 
Software or 
computer 
programs 
purchased 
independently 
Software or 
computer 
programs 
generated 
internally 
Mortgage 
loans 
servicing 
rights 
 
Other 
intangible 
assets 
 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2023 
 155,234  
 34,890  
 106,063 
 20,405  
 2,538  
 8,508  
 552  
 9,053  
 382,283  
 85,763  
 -  
 22  
 805,311  
Acquisitions 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 724  
 -  
 7,140  
 103,509  
 -  
 -  
 111,373  
Derecognition / disposal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (102) 
 -  
 (22) 
 (124) 
Transfers 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 52,256  
 (64,207) 
 -  
 -  
 (11,951) 
Exchange rate variation 
 4,438  
 -  
 3,153  
 454  
 -  
 -  
 16  
 174  
 1,443  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 9,678  
Goodwill remeasurement 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Impairment 
 (1,031) 
 (1,499) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (2,530) 
Gross balance as of December 31, 2023 
 158,641  
 33,391  
 109,216 
 20,859  
 2,538  
 8,508  
 1,292  
 9,227  
 443,122  
 124,963  
 -  
 -  
 911,757  
 
 
 
 
Amortization for the period 
 -  
 (2,715)  (13,828) 
 (512) 
 (174) 
 (851) 
 (126) 
 (753) 
 (9,904) 
 (38,291) 
 -  
 -  
 (67,154) 
Amortization accumulated at the beginning of the period 
 -  
 (17,103)  (86,366) 
 (2,090) 
 (1,508) 
 (3,474) 
 (136) 
 (3,645) 
 (226,041) 
 (53,939) 
 -  
 -  
 (394,302) 
Derecognition / disposal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 172,297  
 (172,142) 
 -  
 -  
 155  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 (3,910) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (3,910) 
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total amortization and accumulated impairment 
 -  
 (19,818) 
 
(104,104) 
 (2,602) 
 (1,682) 
 (4,325) 
 (262) 
 (4,398) 
 (63,648) 
 (264,372) 
 -  
 -  
 (465,211) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net balance as of December 31, 2023 
 158,641  
 13,573  
 5,112  
 18,257  
 856  
 4,183  
 1,030  
 4,829  
 379,474  
 (139,409) -  
 -  
 446,546  
 
 
 
F-187

--- Page 490 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 62 
 
 
 
Goodwill 
from 
business 
combination 
Other intangible assets arising from business combinations 
Other independently generated intangible assets 
 
Customer 
relationships 
 
Stable 
deposits 
 
Right to use  
trademarks 
 
Right to 
use 
channels 
Contract 
for  
collection of 
services 
Mortgage 
loans 
servicing 
rights 
 
Other 
intangible 
assets 
Software or 
computer 
programs 
purchased 
independently 
Software or 
computer 
programs 
generated 
internally 
Mortgage 
loans 
servicing 
rights 
 
Other 
intangible 
assets 
 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2022 
176,582 
34,890 
106,706 
20,498 
2,538 
8,508 
2,697 
9,089 
380,093 
33,388 
- 
45 
775,034 
Acquisitions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(16) 
- 
11,875 
60,098 
- 
- 
71,957 
Derecognition / disposal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(8,380) 
(915) 
- 
(23) 
(9,318) 
Transfers 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(1,941) 
(6,241) 
- 
- 
(8,182) 
Exchange rate variation 
(906) 
- 
(643) 
(93) 
- 
- 
(2,129) 
(36) 
636 
- 
- 
- 
(3,171) 
Goodwill remeasurement 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Impairment 
(20,442) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(567) 
- 
- 
(21,009) 
Gross balance as of December 31, 2022 
155,234 
34,890 
106,063 
20,405 
2,538 
8,508 
552 
9,053 
382,283 
85,763 
- 
22 
805,311 
- 
Amortization for the period 
- 
(3,183) 
(15,245) 
(512) 
(254) 
(851) 
5 
(660) 
(40,126) 
(2,298) 
- 
- 
(63,124) 
Amortization accumulated at the beginning of the period 
- 
(13,920) 
(71,121) 
(1,578) 
(1,254) 
(2,623) 
(775) 
(2,985) 
(188,176) 
(51,641) 
 
- 
(334,073) 
Derecognition / disposal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
634 
- 
2,196 
- 
- 
- 
2,830 
Transfers 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
65 
- 
- 
- 
65 
Impairment 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total amortization and accumulated impairment 
- 
(17,103) 
(86,366) 
(2,090) 
(1,508) 
(3,474) 
(136) 
(3,645) 
(226,041) 
(53,939) 
- 
- 
(394,302) 
Net balance as of December 31, 2022 
155,234 
17,787 
19,697 
18,315 
1,030 
5,034 
416 
5,408 
156,242 
31,824 
- 
22 
411,009 
 
c) Impairment 
 
The Bank assesses, at the end of each reporting period, whether there is any indication of impairment in the value of any amortizable and non- amortizable 
assets. If such indication exists, or when an impairment testing is required, the Bank estimates the recoverable amount of the asset. 
As of December 31, 2023, two movements related to impairment of intangibles were recorded, the first impairment recorded relates to customers of 
MCh$1,499 and the second impairment relates to the CGU Financial Services, where the Bank's Management estimated the recoverable amount of its 
CGU, resulting in the recognition of an impairment loss associated with goodwill of MCh$1,031. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank recorded two 
impacts related to impairment of intangible assets, the first impairment related to obsolescence of internally generated software of MCh$567 and the 
second impairment related to the Financial Services CGU. the Bank's Management estimated the recoverable amount of its Financial Services CGU that 
records balances in intangible assets, resulting in the recognition of an impairment loss associated to the goodwill assigned to this CGU of MCh$20,442. 
 
F-188

--- Page 491 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 63 
 
 
NOTE 16 – PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 
 
a) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, property and equipment are detailed as follows: 
Concept 
December 31, 2023 
Average years of 
useful life 
Average years of 
remaining useful 
life 
 
Closing gross 
balance 
 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
 
Closing net balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Buildings and land 
37 
29 
 249,075  
 (52,251) 
 196,824  
Other property and equipment 
6 
5 
 216,761  
 (159,971) 
 56,790  
Total 
 465,836  
 (212,222) 
 253,614  
 
 
Concept 
December 31, 2022 
Average years of 
useful life 
Average years of 
remaining useful 
life 
 
Closing gross 
balance 
 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
 
Closing net balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Buildings and land 
36 
28 
245,329 
(49,066) 
196,263 
Other property and equipment 
6 
5 
203,319 
(150,477) 
52,842 
Total 
448,648 
(199,543) 
249,105 
 
b) Changes in property and equipment As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, are as follows: 
Buildings and land 
Other property and 
equipment 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance at January 1, 2023 
 245,329  
 203,319  
 448,648  
Acquisitions 
 43  
 20,806  
 20,849  
Derecognition/disposal 
 (1,443) 
 (9,652) 
 (11,095) 
Transfers 
 3,669  
 1,580  
 5,249  
Other 
 1,477  
 725  
 2,202  
Impairment 
 -  
 (17) 
 (17) 
Gross balance as of December 31, 2023 
 249,075  
 216,761  
 465,836  
Depreciation for the year 
 (3,317) 
 (18,212) 
 (21,529) 
Derecognition/disposal 
 262  
 7,719  
 7,981  
Transfers 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Accumulated depreciation at the beginning of the period 
 (49,066) 
 (150,477) 
 (199,543) 
Other 
 (130) 
 999  
 869  
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total accumulated depreciation 
 (52,251) 
 (159,971) 
 (212,222) 
Net balance as of December 31, 2023 
 196,824  
 56,790  
 253,614  
 
Buildings and land 
Other property and 
equipment 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance at January 1, 2022 
243,378 
194,292 
437,670 
Acquisitions 
650 
18,352 
19,002 
Derecognition/disposal 
(1,460) 
(9,319) 
(10,779) 
Transfers 
3,060 
99 
3,159 
Other 
(299) 
(105) 
(404) 
Impairment 
- 
- 
- 
Gross balance as of December 31, 2022 
245,329 
203,319 
448,648 
Depreciation for the year 
(3,076) 
(21,417) 
(24,493) 
Derecognition/disposal 
430 
5,381 
5,811 
Transfers 
- 
- 
- 
Accumulated depreciation at the beginning of the period 
(46,442) 
(138,494) 
(184,936) 
Other 
22 
4,053 
4,075 
Impairment 
- 
- 
- 
Total accumulated depreciation 
(49,066) 
(150,477) 
(199,543) 
Net balance as of December 31, 2022 
196,263 
52,842 
249,105 
 
The Bank has no restrictions on property and equipment as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. Additionally, property and equipment have not been 
pledged as collateral for the fulfillment of obligations. On the other hand, there are no amounts owed on property and equipment by the Bank as of the 
same dates. 
F-189

--- Page 492 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 64 
 
NOTE 17 – RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES 
 
a) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, this caption is detailed as follows: 
Concept 
December 31, 2023 
Average years of 
useful life 
Average years of 
remaining useful life 
Closing gross balance 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
Closing net balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Buildings and land 
 9  
 6  
 206,975  
 (83,027) 
 123,948  
Leasehold improvements 
 10  
 7  
 64,799  
 (44,861) 
 19,938  
Other property and equipment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other intangible assets 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 271,774  
 (127,888) 
 143,886  
 
Concept 
December 31, 2022 
Average years of 
useful 
life 
Average years of 
remaining useful life 
Closing gross balance 
Accumulated depreciation 
Closing net balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Buildings and land 
10 
8 
199,378 
(68,907) 
130,471 
Leasehold improvements 
9 
6 
68,772 
(46,357) 
22,415 
Other property and equipment 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other intangible assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
268,150 
(115,264) 
152,886 
 
b) Changes in right-of-use assets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, are as follows: 
 
Buildings and land 
Leasehold improvements 
Other property and equipment 
Other intangible assets 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance January 1, 2023 
 199,378  
 68,772  
 -  
 -  
 268,150  
Acquisitions 
 59,200  
 385  
 -  
 -  
 59,585  
Derecognition/disposal 
 (55,568) 
 (6,143) 
 -  
 -  
 (61,711) 
Transfers 
 2,016  
 1,175  
 -  
 -  
 3,191  
Other 
 1,949  
 610  
 -  
 -  
 2,559  
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Gross balance as of December 31, 2023 
 206,975  
 64,799  
 -  
 -  
 271,774  
 
Depreciation for the period 
 (20,599) 
 (3,734) 
 -  
 -  
 (24,333) 
Derecognition/disposal 
 12,148  
 5,454  
 -  
 -  
 17,602  
Transfers 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Accumulated depreciation 
 (68,907) 
 (46,357) 
 -  
 -  
 (115,264) 
Other 
 (5,669) 
 (224) 
 -  
 -  
 (5,893) 
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total accumulated depreciation 
 (83,027) 
 (44,861) 
 -  
 -  
 (127,888) 
Net balance as of December 31, 2023 
 123,948  
 19,938  
 -  
 -  
 143,886  
 
 
Buildings and land 
Leasehold improvements 
Other property and equipment 
Other intangible assets 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance January 1, 2022 
223,152 
69,646 
- 
- 
292,798 
Acquisitions 
35,175 
4,777 
- 
- 
39,952 
Derecognition/disposal 
(62,299) 
(7,505) 
- 
- 
(69,804) 
Transfers 
3,740 
1,949 
- 
- 
5,689 
Other 
(390) 
(95) 
- 
- 
(485) 
Impairment 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Gross balance as of December 31, 2022 
199,378 
68,772 
- 
- 
268,150 
 
Depreciation for the period 
(19,869) 
(4,624) 
- 
- 
(24,493) 
Derecognition/disposal 
10,376 
6,780 
- 
- 
17,156 
Transfers 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Accumulated depreciation 
(55,230) 
(48,543) 
- 
- 
(103,773) 
Other 
(4,184) 
30 
- 
- 
(4,154) 
Impairment 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total accumulated depreciation 
(68,907) 
(46,357) 
- 
- 
(115,264) 
Net balance as of December 31, 2022 
130,471 
22,415 
- 
- 
152,886 
 
c) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, lease liabilities are as follows: 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Lease liabilities 
129,349 
136,448 
Total 
129,349 
136,448 
 
d) Lease liabilities As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 : 
 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Depreciation 
 24,333  
                      24,493  
Interests 
 2,639  
                         2,897  
Short-term leases 
 -  
                                  -  
Total 
26,972 
27,390 
F-190

--- Page 493 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 65 
 
e) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the expenses related to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are as follows: 
 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Contract maturity 
On demand 
 -  
- 
Up to one month 
2,047 
1,933 
From 1 to 3 months 
5,171 
4,765 
From 3 months to 1 years 
18,398 
20,395 
Between 1 and 3 years 
63,017 
56,168 
From 3 to 5 years 
36,142 
48,169 
More than 5 years 
4,574 
5,018 
Total 
129,349 
136,448 
 
f) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the bank does not maintain future minimum lease payments to be received for non-cancellable operating 
leases, 
 
NOTE 18 – CURRENT TAXES AND DEFERRED TAXES 
 
a. 
Current tax 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Bank has recorded provisions for Corporate Income Tax and Tax under Article No. 21 of the Income Law, 
based on current legal tax provisions, recording a recording a current tax asset of MCh$125,659 as of December 31, 2023 (MCh$120,573 as of December 
31, 2022). Such provisions are presented net of recoverable taxes. As detailed below: 
 
December 31 
December 31 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Current tax assets 
159,318 
138,066 
Current tax (liabilities) 
(33,659) 
(17,493) 
Total assets (liabilities) 
125,659 
120,573 
 
Legal fees by jurisdiction 
As of December 31, 
2023 
2022 
Chile 
27.00% 
27.00% 
United States 
21.00% 
21.00% 
Peru 
29.50% 
29.50% 
 
December 31, 2023 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Income tax (27% tax rate) 
 (150,032) 
 (50,205) 
 115  
 (200,122) 
Previous year provision 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Provision for 40% of single tax 
 (286) 
 -  
 -  
 (286) 
 Provision 10% single tax Law 21420 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Less: 
 
Monthly provisional payments 
 129,524  
 23,895  
 -  
 153,419  
Tax credit for training expenses 
 190  
 -  
 -  
 190  
Credit for acquisition of property and equipment 
 2,903  
 -  
 -  
 2,903  
Credit for donations 
 3,664  
 -  
 -  
 3,664  
Income tax recoverable 
 164,581  
 -  
 211  
 164,792  
Other taxes and withholdings recoverable 
 1,099  
 -  
 -  
 1,099  
Total 
 151,643  
 (26,310) 
 326  
 125,659  
 
December 31, 2022 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Income tax (27% tax rate) 
(133,310) 
(74,794) 
15 
(208,089) 
Previous year provision 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Provision for 40% of single tax 
(290) 
- 
- 
(290) 
Provision 10% single tax Law 21420 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Less: 
Monthly provisional payments 
250,537 
59,107 
- 
309,644 
Tax credit for training expenses 
2,442 
- 
- 
2,442 
Credit for acquisition of property and equipment 
11 
- 
- 
11 
Credit for donations 
1,394 
- 
- 
1,394 
Income tax recoverable 
11,289 
- 
143 
11,432 
Other taxes and withholdings recoverable 
4,703 
(674) 
- 
4,029 
Total 
136,776 
(16,361) 
158 
120,573 
 
The following is the detail of the net current tax, both by economic entity and by geographical unit. In accordance with the provisions of IAS 12: 
 
December 31, 2023 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Current tax asset 
158,993 
 -  
325 
159,318 
Current tax liability 
(7,349) 
 (26,310)  
 -  
(33,659) 
Net total 
151,644 
(26,310) 
325 
125,659 
 
December 31, 2022 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Current tax asset 
137,908 
- 
158 
138,066 
Current tax liability 
(1,132) 
(16,361) 
- 
(17,493) 
Net total 
136,776 
(16,361) 
158 
120,573 
 
 
 
F-191

--- Page 494 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 66 
 
 
b. 
Income tax 
 
The effect of tax expenditure for the periods ended as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, is comprised of the following: 
 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Income tax expense: 
Current year tax 
(146,982) 
(41,837) 
(336) 
         (189,155) 
Surplus/deficit in previous year provision 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
Deferred tax credit (debit): 
 
 
Origination and reversal of temporary differences 
50,072 
3,370 
459 
            53,901  
 
 
 
Subtotal 
               (96,910) 
   (38,467) 
                  123  
        (135,254) 
 
 
 
Tax for non-deductible expenses under Article 21 
                    (254) 
              - 
                      -  
               (254) 
Others  
                       104  
- 
- 
                  104  
Net income tax debit (credit) to profit or loss 
               (97,060) 
       (38,467) 
                  123  
        (135,404) 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Income tax expense: 
Current year tax 
 (133,310) 
 (61,713) 
 9  
 (195,014) 
Surplus/deficit in previous year provision 
 (6,039) 
 -  
 (1) 
 (6,040) 
 
 
 
Deferred tax credit (debit): 
 
 
Origination and reversal of temporary differences 
 107,534  
 1,695  
 1,183  
 110,412  
 
 
 
Subtotal 
 (31,815) 
 (60,018) 
 1,191  
 (90,642) 
 
 
 
Tax for non-deductible expenses under Article 21 
 (237) 
 -  
 -  
 (237) 
Others  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Net income tax debit (credit) to profit or loss 
 (32,052) 
 (60,018) 
 1,191  
 (90,879) 
 
c. 
Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation 
The following is the reconciliation between the income tax rate and the effective rate applied in determining the tax expense as of December 31, 2023 
and 2022: 
 
As of December 31,  
2023 
2022 
Tax rate 
Amount 
Tax rate 
Amount 
% 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
Profit before tax 
817,975 
911,903 
Tax at the prevailing tax rate 
27.00% 
220,853 
27.00% 
246,214 
 
Tax effect of non-deductible expenses when calculating taxable income: 
 
Currency correction BCI Financial Group (1) 
1.04% 
8,512 
0.50% 
4,575 
U.S. and Peru rate differences (2) 
(2.40%) 
(19,664) 
(2.82%) 
(25,680) 
Government tax 
1.30% 
10,630 
0.64% 
5,859 
Equity price-level adjustment 
(9.27%) 
(75,865) 
(19.66%) 
(179,305) 
One-off tax (non-deductible expenses) 
0.01% 
120 
0.03% 
237 
Taxes from prior years 
(0.36%) 
(2,980) 
0.66% 
6,005 
Bonds under Article No. 104 Income Tax Law (3) 
(0.81%) 
(6,603) 
0.03% 
233 
Price-level adjustment of investments  
0.75% 
6,154 
0.81% 
7,421 
Amortization and impairment of goodwill 
0.20% 
1,665 
0.82% 
7,454 
MTM Derivatives Miami (4) 
(0.60%) 
(4,904) 
2.56% 
23,300 
Other gains (losses) not subject to taxes 
(0.39%) 
(3,227) 
(0.62%) 
(5,682) 
Other permanent differences 
0.09% 
713 
0.03% 
248 
Effective rate and income tax expense 
16.56% 
 135,404  
9.98% 
 90,879  
 
(1) 
The investment that BCI maintains in the USA (CNB) for tax purposes in Chile is adjusted for the variation of the exchange rate (US dollar), which is affected by First Category Income Tax. The 
impact of this adjustment as of December 31, 2023 is a tax saving of MCh$8,512, while as of December 31, 202, the expense amounted to MCh$4,575. 
(2) 
The legal tax rate in Chile is 27%, while in the US the tax rate is 25.345% (federal tax of 21% and state tax of 5.5%), Therefore, with respect to part of BCI’s consolidated profit (CNB, Miami Branch 
and BCI Securities) there is a tax saving associated with the difference in tax rates in force at different jurisdictions.  
(3) 
Relates to adjustments to market values and higher and lower values obtained on the sale of Chilean government bonds issued in the local market and recorded in the Bank's trading portfolio, since 
these papers are supported by Article 104 of the Income Tax Law (LIR), which exempts them from taxes on the gains or losses from the sale of such instruments. 
(4) 
BCI Miami Branch records an accounting hedge that covers the market variation of investments in its bond investment portfolio. For Chilean tax purposes, the MTM of such bonds cannot be 
computed for the payment of Parent Bank’s taxes. 
 
 
 
F-192

--- Page 495 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 67 
 
 
The reconciliation between the income tax rate and the effective rate separated by geographic unit in the countries where BCI maintains 
operations is shown below: 
 
 
  
  
  
As of December 31, 2023 
Chile 
EE.UU. 
Perú 
Tax rate 
Amount 
Tax rate 
Amount 
Tax rate 
Amount 
% 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
Profit before tax 
 641,797  
186,751  
 (10,573) 
Tax at the prevailing tax rate 
27.00% 
 173,285  
27.00% 
50,423  
27.00% 
 (2,855) 
Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible when calculating taxable income: 
Price-level adjustment, BCI Financial Group 
1.33% 
 8,512  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Equity price-level adjustment 
(11.82%) 
(75,865) 
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
One-off tax ( non-deductible expenses) 
0.02% 
 120  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Tax from prior years 
(0.46%) 
 (2,980) 
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Bonds under Article No. 104 of the Income Tax Law  
(1.03%) 
 (6,603) 
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Government tax 
0.00% 
 -  
5.69% 
 10,630  
0.00% 
 -  
Change in tax rate in the United States and Peru 
0.00% 
 -  
(11.42%) 
(21,321) 
(15.67%) 
 1,657  
Price-level adjustment of investments  
0.96% 
 6,154  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Amortization and impairment of goodwill 
0.26% 
 1,665  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
MTM Derivatives Miami  
(0.76%) 
 (4,904) 
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Other gains (losses) nit subject to taxes 
(0.31%) 
 (1,961) 
(0.68%) 
 (1,266) 
0.00% 
 -  
Other permanent differences 
(0.06%) 
 (360) 
0.00% 
 -  
(10.17%) 
 1,075  
Effective rate and income tax expense 
15.13% 
 97,063  
20.59% 
38,466 
1.16% 
 (123) 
 
 
 
  
  
  
As of December 31, 2022 
Chile 
EE.UU. 
Perú 
Tax rate 
Amount 
Tax rate 
Amount 
Tax rate 
Amount 
% 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
Profit before tax 
 560,483  
 357,248  
 (5,828) 
Tax at the prevailing tax rate 
27.00% 
 151,330  
27.00% 
 96,457  
27.00% 
 (1,574) 
Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible when calculating taxable income: 
Price-level adjustment, BCI Financial Group 
0.82% 
 4,575  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Equity price-level adjustment 
(31.99%) 
 (179,305) 
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
One-off tax ( non-deductible expenses) 
0.04% 
 237  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Tax from prior years 
2.55% 
 14,292  
(2.32%) 
 (8,288) 
0.00% 
 -  
Bonds under Article No. 104 of the Income Tax Law  
0.04% 
 233  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Government tax 
0.00% 
 -  
1.64% 
 5,859  
0.00% 
 -  
Change in tax rate in the United States and Peru 
0.00% 
 -  
(7.15%) 
 (25,535) 
2.50% 
 (146) 
Price-level adjustment of investments  
1.32% 
 7,421  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Amortization and impairment of goodwill 
1.33% 
 7,454  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
MTM Derivatives Miami  
4.16% 
 23,300  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Other gains (losses) nit subject to taxes 
(0.52%) 
 (2,904) 
(0.78%) 
 (2,778) 
0.00% 
 -  
Other permanent differences 
0.98% 
 5,419  
(1.60%) 
 (5,697) 
(9.05%) 
 529  
Effective rate and income tax expense 
5.73% 
32,052 
16.79% 
60,018 
20.45% 
 (1,191) 
 
d. 
Effect of deferred taxes in equity 
 
The deferred tax that has been recognized as a debit to equity as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, is comprised of the following: 
 
Accumulated Amounts 
Effect on Profit and Loos 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial investments available for sale 
7,113 
18,413 
(11,301) 
7,572 
Investments for Cash Flow Hedge 
(46,978) 
(38,045) 
 
(8,933) 
9,755 
Other deferred tax credit (debit) on equity 
122,058 
136,933 
(14,874) 
136,933 
Deferred tax credit (debit on equity) 
 82,193  
 117,301  
 (35,108) 
 154,260  
e. 
Deferred tax effect 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Bank has recorded the effects of deferred taxes in accordance with IAS 12 in its Consolidated Financial 
Statements.  
 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Deferred tax assets: 
 
 
With effect in income 
 410,268  
 600,015  
With effect in equity 
 82,193  
 (117,301)  
Total deferred tax assets 
 492,461  
 482,714  
Deferred tax liabilities: 
 
 
With effect in profit or loss 
 (2,106) 
 (1,612) 
With effect in Shareholders' equity 
 -  
 -  
Total deferred tax liabilities 
 (2,106) 
 (1,612) 
Total net deferred tax assets: 
490,355 
481,102 
 
 
 
F-193

--- Page 496 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 68 
 
 
The following are the effects of net deferred taxes by jurisdiction as of December 31, 2023 and 2022: 
 
December 31, 2023 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Detail of deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
 
Allowance for credit losses 
 242,764  
 56,516  
 -  
 299,280  
Provision for employee vacations and bonuses 
 65,228  
 -  
 334  
 65,562  
Leases (net) 
 18,259  
 (115,199) 
 -  
 (96,940) 
Property and equipment 
 (13,972) 
 (441) 
 -  
 (14,413) 
Transitory assets 
 (18,546) 
 21,107  
 -  
 2,561  
Derivative contracts 
 39,906  
 (22,163) 
 -  
 17,743  
Subordinated bonds 
 12,453  
 -  
 -  
 12,453  
Tax loss 
 42,208  
 53,856  
 1,639  
 97,703  
Other 
 16,526  
 7,476  
 211  
 24,213  
Total net assets (liabilities) 
 404,826  
 1,152  
 2,184  
 408,162  
Deferred tax credit (debit) on equity 
 (39,865) 
 122,058  
 -  
 82,193  
Net effect of deferred tax asset 
 364,961  
 123,210  
 2,184  
 490,355  
 
December 31, 2022 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Detail of deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
Allowance for credit losses 
257,852 
34,830 
- 
292,682 
Provision for employee vacations and bonuses 
64,792 
- 
235 
65,027 
Leases (net) 
26,720 
(66,392) 
- 
(39,672) 
Property and equipment 
(14,794) 
(421) 
3 
(15,212) 
Transitory assets 
(19,409) 
11,995 
- 
(7,414) 
Derivative contracts 
9,017 
(12,595) 
- 
(3,578) 
Subordinated bonds 
12,975 
- 
- 
12,975 
Tax loss 
18,631 
28,085 
1,128 
47,844 
Other 
 13,054  
 (2,117) 
 212  
 11,149  
Total net assets (liabilities) 
 368,838  
 (6,615) 
 1,578  
 363,801  
Deferred tax credit (debit) on equity 
 (19,577) 
 136,878  
 -  
 117,301  
Net effect of deferred tax asset 
349,261 
130,263 
1,578 
481,102 
 
 
f) 
Supplementary Information on Current and Deferred taxes. 
 
In accordance with the provisions of the joint circular issued by the CMF and the SII (Chilean Internal Revenue Service), as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Bank presents 
the following tax information related to provisions, write-offs, renegotiations, and loan referral. This information includes the Bank's operations, and therefore subsidiaries 
have been excluded. 
 
a. Loans and receivables to customers 
 
December 31, 2023 
Assets at tax value 
Carrying value in the 
financial statements 
 Total  
 Past-due portfolio 
secured 
 Past-due portfolio 
unsecured  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
 14,979,525  
 14,997,579  
 21,862  
 136,841  
Consumer loans 
 2,616,981  
 2,644,544  
 70  
 213,949  
Mortgage loans 
 10,486,943  
 10,510,076  
 759  
 8,796  
Total 
28,083,449 
28,152,199 
22,691 
359,586 
 
 
December 31, 2022 
Assets at tax value 
Carrying value in the 
financial statements 
 Total  
 Past-due portfolio 
secured 
 Past-due portfolio 
unsecured  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
14,373,324 
14,385,361 
 9,287  
 163,708  
Consumer loans 
2,814,835 
 2,836,843  
 322  
 121,117  
Mortgage loans 
9,942,313 
 9,963,138  
 631  
 3,660  
Total 
27,130,472 
 27,185,342  
 10,240  
 288,485  
 
b. Provisions 
Provisions on past-due portfolio 
Balance as of 01.01.2023 
 Write-off against 
Provision  
 Provisions 
established  
 Provisions reversed  
 Balance as of 12.31.2023  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
 106,958  
 (1,462) 
 96,243  
 (65,063) 
 136,676  
Consumer loans 
 59,203  
 (72) 
 50,753  
 (58,595) 
 51,289  
Mortgage loans 
 158  
 -  
 141  
 (126) 
 173  
Total 
 166,319  
 (1,534) 
 147,137  
 (123,784) 
 188,138  
 
Provisions on past-due portfolio 
Balance as of 01.01.2022 
 Write-off against 
Provision  
 Provisions 
established  
 Provisions reversed  
 Balance as of 12.31.2022  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
 117,775  
(8,836)  
 83,789  
(85,770)  
 106,958  
Consumer loans 
 27,909  
 (9,875)  
 67,271  
 (26,101)  
 59,203  
Mortgage loans 
 159  
 -  
 108  
(109)  
 158  
Total 
 
 145,843  
(18,711)  
 151,168  
(111,980)  
 166,319  
 
c. Write-offs  
Write offs and repossessions 
December 31, 2023 
December 31, 2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Direct write-off art.31 Nº4 second paragraph 
309,401 
253,242  
Condemnations that led to the reversal of provisions 
-  
 - 
Recovery or renegotiation of loans previously written off 
 68,191  
 63,790  
Total 
 377,592  
 317,032  
 
 
 
F-194

--- Page 497 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 69 
 
 
NOTE 19 – OTHER ASSETS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, other assets are as follows: 
 
As of December 31 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets to be leased in financial leases as lessor 
 271,771  
 209,763  
Cash guarantees delivered for derivative financial transactions 
 482,804  
 150,486  
Debtors for brokerage of financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
Accounts receivable for use of payment cards with provision of funds 
 -  
 -  
Accounts receivable from third parties 
 99,858  
 143,266  
Investment property 
 -  
 -  
VAT fiscal credit receivable 
 18,677  
 17,603  
Prepaid expenses 
 71,341  
 64,535  
Valuation adjustments for macro hedges 
 11,150  
 691  
Assets to support obligations for post-employment defined benefit plans 
 462,355  
 437,480  
Assets from revenue from ordinary activities from contracts with customers (*) 
 -  
 -  
Investments in gold 
 8,348  
 7,127  
Other cash collateral provided 
 34,912  
 564,658  
Pending operations 
 55,812  
 238,494  
Other assets 
 75,957  
 60,961  
Total 
 1,592,985  
 1,895,064  
 
(*) Corresponds to life insurance policies of the subsidiary City National Bank of BCI Financial Group, for certain executives and employees where CNB is the owner and 
beneficiary. Such policies are referred to as BOLI (Bank Owned Life Insurance). 
 
 
NOTE 20 – NON-CURRENT ASSETS AND DISPOSAL GROUP HELD FOR SALE AND LIABILITIES INCLUDED IN 
DISPOSAL GROUP HELD FOR SALE 
 
a) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, non-current assets and disposal group held for sale are as follows: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction (*): 
Goods received in payment 
 1,458  
306 
Assets foreclosed at judicial auction 
 8,139  
5,199 
Provisions for goods received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction 
 (256) 
(310) 
Subtotal 
 9,341  
5,195 
Investment in companies 
 -  
- 
Intangible assets 
 -  
- 
Property and equipment 
 698  
- 
Assets for recovery of assets under finance leases 
 35,946  
29,739 
Other assets 
 -  
- 
Subtotal 
36,644 
29,739 
Total 
45,985 
34,934 
 
(*) The Bank receives assets when customers have payments of overdue debts or when it acquires them in a judicial auction for payment of debts 
previously contracted in its favor. These pools of assets do not exceed 20% of the Bank's effective equity at any time, 0.124409% as of December 31, 
2023 and 0.082530% as of December 31, 2022. 
b) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, changes in provisions for assets received in payment are as follows: 
Provisions 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2023 
(310) 
Provisions accrued 
 2,831  
Provisions used 
 (2,777) 
Balance as of December 31, 2023 
(256) 
 
Provisions 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2022 
- 
Provisions accrued 
1,215 
Provisions used 
(1,525) 
Balance as of December 31, 2022 
(310) 
 
c) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Bank does not record liabilities included in a disposal group held for sale. 
 
 
F-195

--- Page 498 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 70 
 
 
NOTE 21 – FINANCIAL LIABILITIES HELD FOR TRADING AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
 
a) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss are as follows: 
 
December 31, 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts 
 5,625,481  
6,584,736 
Other financial instruments 
 -  
- 
Total 
 5,625,481  
6,584,736 
 
b) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, financial derivative contracts are as follows: 
 
On 
Up to 
From 1 
From 3 
From 1 
From 3 
Over 
 
 
Fair value as of 
December 31, 2023 
demand 
1 month 
to 3 months 
months up to 
to 3 
to 5 
5 years 
Total 
 
 
months 
1 year 
years 
years 
 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts 
Forwards 
 - 
 18,048,934 
 18,212,923 
 21,891,729 
 6,053,038 
 1,579,538 
 2,561,293 
 68,347,455 
 1,004,414 
Swaps 
 59,004 
 6,420,768 
 29,470,627 
 53,462,106 
 55,508,896 
 31,336,427 
 35,450,163 
 211,707,991 
 4,618,917 
Call Options 
 - 
 10,191 
 15,876 
 56,296 
 7,117 
 - 
 - 
 89,480 
 397 
Put Options 
 - 
 7,480 
 14,864 
 36,682 
 4,205 
 - 
 - 
 63,231 
 1,376 
Futures 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,368 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,368 
 377 
Other 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
Total 
 59,004 
 24,487,373 
 47,714,290 
 75,454,181 
 61,573,256 
 32,915,965 
 38,011,456 
 280,215,525 
 5,625,481 
 
 
On 
Up to 
From 1 
From 3 
From 1 
From 3 
Over 
 
Fair value as of 
December 31, 2022 
demand 
1 month 
to 3 months 
months to 
to 3 
to 5 
5 years 
Total 
 
 
 
1 year 
years 
years 
 
 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts 
Forwards 
- 
12,266,573 
9,933,452 
15,980,344 
7,314,952 
1,479,328 
1,909,961 
48,884,610 
1,547,496 
Swaps 
161,085 
4,724,891 
13,447,198 
34,989,607 
44,640,387 
26,403,165 
27,487,773 
151,854,106 
5,030,025 
Call Options 
- 
23,545 
56,873 
123,635 
1,958 
132 
- 
206,143 
1,966 
Put Options 
- 
20,441 
50,127 
97,991 
1,190 
- 
- 
169,749 
5,125 
Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
124 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
161,085 
17,035,450 
23,487,650 
51,191,577 
51,958,487 
27,882,625 
29,397,734 
201,114,608 
6,584,736 
 
c)  As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Bank does not hold other financial liabilities for trading at fair value through profit or loss. 
 
 
F-196

--- Page 499 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 71 
 
 
NOTE 22 – FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT AMORTIZED COST 
 
a) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, financial liabilities at amortized cost are as follows: 
 
December 31, 2023 
December 31, 2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Deposits and other obligations on demand 
Current accounts 
21,076,678 
21,585,141 
Demand deposit accounts 
685,713 
761,815 
Other demand deposits 
253,420 
255,380 
Obligations for fund provision accounts for payment cards 
18,236 
19,699 
Other obligations on demand 
1,776,251 
1,500,130 
Subtotal 
23,810,298 
24,122,165 
Deposits and other time deposits 
Time deposits 
18,375,288 
18,172,045 
Term savings accounts 
63,772 
71,647 
Other term credit balances 
3,211 
2,273 
Subtotal 
18,442,271 
18,245,965 
Obligations for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
Transactions with domestic banks 
 107,171  
127,673 
Transactions with foreign banks 
 -  
- 
Transactions with other domestic entities 
 575,268  
256,406 
Transactions with other foreign entities 
 24,184  
804 
Subtotal 
 706,623  
384,883 
Bank borrowings 
Domestic banks 
 362,713  
408,618 
Foreign banks 
 2,188,144  
1,736,799 
Central Bank of Chile 
 4,575,128  
4,515,654 
Foreign Central Banks 
 -  
- 
Subtotal 
 7,125,985  
6,661,071 
Debt financial instruments issued 
Letters of credit 
695 
1,800 
Current bonds 
8,111,815 
8,105,460 
Subtotal 
8,112,510 
8,107,260 
Other financial obligations 
Other financial obligations with the public sector 
- 
1,099 
Other domestic financial obligations 
85,824 
79,780 
Other foreign financial obligations 
1,653,988 
2,158,221 
Subtotal 
1,739,812 
2,239,100 
Total 
59,937,499 
59,760,444 
 
b) As of December 31, 2023, current bonds are as follows: 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN PESOS 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
Ch$ 
Ch$ 
Ch$ 
MCh$ 
SERIE_O1 
 100,000,000,000  
 100,000,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2025 
8.25% 
 91,356,131,225  
 91,356  
SERIE_O2 
100,000,000,000 
100,000,000,000 
12-01-2020 
12-01-2026 
7.11% 
89,859,185,371 
 89,859  
SERIE_O3 
100,000,000,000 
100,000,000,000 
12-01-2020 
12-01-2027 
5.49% 
92,041,901,300 
 92,042  
SERIE_Q1 
50,000,000,000 
50,000,000,000 
09-01-2022 
03-01-2025 
7.20% 
51,731,012,933 
 51,731  
SERIE_T1 
35,000,000,000 
8,500,000,000 
02-01-2023 
02-01-2027 
7.05% 
8,538,581,498 
 8,539  
SERIE_T2 
35,000,000,000 
32,500,000,000 
02-01-2023 
08-01-2027 
6.36% 
33,105,552,678 
 33,106  
SERIE_T3 
35,000,000,000 
35,000,000,000 
02-01-2023 
02-01-2028 
6.52% 
35,464,004,196 
 35,464  
SERIE_T4 
35,000,000,000 
35,000,000,000 
02-01-2023 
02-01-2029 
6.80% 
34,829,304,657 
 34,829  
SERIE_T5 
35,000,000,000 
35,000,000,000 
02-01-2023 
02-01-2031 
6.58% 
34,951,550,818 
 34,952  
SERIE_T6 
35,000,000,000 
35,000,000,000 
02-01-2023 
02-01-2033 
6.24% 
35,592,514,054 
 35,593  
SERIE_V5 
12,500,000,000 
12,500,000,000 
07-01-2023 
01-01-2030 
6.47% 
12,646,998,552 
 12,647  
SERIE_W5 
9,000,000,000 
9,000,000,000 
07-01-2023 
07-01-2032 
6.23% 
9,194,249,562 
 9,194  
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
11,327,582,066 
11,328 
Subtotal 
581,500,000,000 
552,500,000,000   
  
  
540,638,568,910 
540,640 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN UNIDADES DE FOMENTO 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average Rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
UF 
UF 
UF 
MCh$ 
SERIE_AI2 
 5,000,000  
 -  
03-01-2014 
03-01-2024 
0.00% 
 -  
 -  
SERIE_AJ2 
 20,000,000  
 20,000,000  
10-01-2014 
10-01-2024 
2.23% 
 20,062,812  
 738,098  
SERIE_AL3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2024 
2.40% 
 3,007,451  
 110,642  
SERIE_AL4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2028 
2.36% 
 3,025,109  
 111,292  
SERIE_AL5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2031 
2.50% 
 3,008,958  
 110,698  
SERIE_AN2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2016 
12-01-2024 
1.95% 
 3,006,368  
 110,602  
SERIE_AN3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2016 
12-01-2026 
2.00% 
 3,005,587  
 110,574  
SERIE_A2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2017 
04-01-2027 
2.18% 
 2,999,067  
 110,334  
SERIE_C3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
07-01-2017 
07-01-2025 
2.28% 
 3,018,149  
 111,036  
SERIE_C4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
07-01-2017 
07-01-2026 
2.42% 
 3,000,547  
 110,388  
SERIE_D2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2025 
2.04% 
 3,008,069  
 110,665  
SERIE_D3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2028 
2.34% 
 2,964,929  
 109,078  
SERIE_D4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2029 
2.45% 
 2,938,846  
 108,118  
SERIE_F2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2024 
1.60% 
 3,017,901  
 111,027  
SERIE_F3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2025 
2.00% 
 3,015,187  
 110,927  
SERIE_F4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2028 
2.17% 
 2,995,469  
 110,201  
SERIE_F5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2029 
2.36% 
 2,963,609  
 109,029  
Serie_G1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2018 
06-01-2025 
1.47% 
 3,027,303  
 111,373  
Serie_G2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2018 
06-01-2026 
1.09% 
 3,070,057  
 112,945  
Serie_G3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2018 
06-01-2029 
2.10% 
 2,991,040  
 110,038  
SERIE_I1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2019 
02-01-2028 
0.70% 
 3,181,716  
 117,053  
SERIE_I2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2019 
02-01-2029 
0.72% 
 3,218,523  
 118,407  
 
 
F-197

--- Page 500 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 72 
 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN UNIDADES DE FOMENTO 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average Rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
SERIE_I3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2019 
02-01-2030 
1.19% 
 3,167,520  
 116,531  
SERIE_K2 
 3,000,000  
 1,450,000  
05-01-2019 
05-01-2025 
1.90% 
 1,456,832  
 53,596  
SERIE_K4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
05-01-2019 
05-01-2029 
0.45% 
 3,254,800  
 119,742  
SERIE_M3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2019 
10-01-2028 
-0.09% 
 3,238,352  
 119,137  
SERIE_M4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2019 
10-01-2029 
-0.31% 
 3,326,632  
 122,385  
SERIE_M5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2019 
10-01-2030 
0.27% 
 3,257,888  
 119,856  
SERIE_N1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
06-01-2027 
2.05% 
 2,950,341  
 108,541  
SERIE_N2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2027 
2.76% 
 2,866,450  
 105,455  
SERIE_N3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2028 
2.25% 
 2,900,850  
 106,720  
SERIE_N4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2030 
2.84% 
 2,756,581  
 101,413  
SERIE_P1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2031 
2.55% 
 3,119,801  
 114,775  
SERIE_P2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2032 
3.04% 
 3,017,754  
 111,021  
SERIE_P3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2033 
2.75% 
 3,091,596  
 113,738  
SERIE_P4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2035 
2.59% 
 3,146,005  
 115,740  
SERIE_P5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2036 
2.63% 
 3,146,860  
 115,771  
SERIE_R1 
 1,000,000  
 1,000,000  
09-01-2022 
03-01-2028 
2.85% 
 1,016,526  
 37,397  
SERIE_R2 
 1,000,000  
 1,000,000  
09-01-2022 
09-01-2028 
2.80% 
 1,019,325  
 37,500  
SERIE_R3 
 1,000,000  
 1,000,000  
09-01-2022 
03-01-2029 
2.80% 
 1,020,404  
 37,540  
SERIE_S4 
 2,000,000  
 735,000  
02-01-2023 
02-01-2031 
2.92% 
 748,816  
 27,548  
SERIE_U3 
 3,000,000  
 1,850,000  
02-01-2023 
08-01-2034 
3.31% 
 1,826,119  
 67,182  
SERIE_U4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2023 
02-01-2035 
3.32% 
 2,955,347  
 108,725  
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
(1,028,540) 
(37,839) 
Subtotal 
141,000,000 
132,035,000 
  
  
  
132,782,956 
4,884,999 
 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY US DOLLAR 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
MCh$ 
US05890MAA18 
500,000,000 
500,000,000 
10-12-2017 
12-10-2027 
3.65% 
499,278,365 
436,619 
XS1879614755 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
09-13-2018 
03-13-2024 
3.85% 
50,559,500 
44,214 
XS1888335194 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
04-10-2018 
04-04-2024 
4.02% 
100,925,950 
88,260 
XS1895749593 
45,000,000 
45,000,000 
10-19-2018 
04-19-2024 
4.03% 
45,339,121 
39,649 
XS1984711355 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
04-23-2019 
04-23-2024 
3.13% 
10,118,950 
8,849 
XS2012024696 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
06-14-2019 
06-14-2029 
3.32% 
49,810,145 
43,559 
XS2024766276 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
07-10-2019 
07-10-2029 
3.21% 
50,488,456 
44,152 
XS2047630970 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
08-28-2019 
08-28-2024 
3.29% 
10,048,850 
8,788 
XS2085920416 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
02-12-2019 
02-06-2025 
3.82% 
20,036,184 
17,522 
XS2318617185 
54,000,000 
54,000,000 
03-17-2021 
03-12-2029 
2.37% 
53,600,611 
46,874 
XS2337108497 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
04-27-2021 
04-27-2026 
4.54% 
10,066,971 
8,804 
XS2357310379 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
06-23-2021 
06-23-2031 
2.60% 
9,915,331 
8,671 
XS2377687442 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
08-18-2021 
08-18-2031 
2.53% 
9,998,229 
8,743 
XS2387450393 
30,000,000 
30,000,000 
09-16-2021 
09-16-2026 
5.35% 
29,898,779 
26,146 
XS2388190592 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
09-21-2021 
09-21-2026 
5.18% 
9,940,721 
8,693 
XS2384719667 
133,000,000 
133,000,000 
09-24-2021 
09-24-2026 
1.89% 
132,646,790 
116,000 
XS2389126280 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
09-27-2021 
09-27-2031 
2.42% 
9,973,130 
8,722 
US05890MAB90 
500,000,000 
500,000,000 
10-14-2021 
10-14-2031 
3.08% 
490,943,009 
429,329 
XS2398895651 
17,000,000 
17,000,000 
10-19-2021 
10-19-2026 
5.30% 
17,113,870 
14,966 
XS2402142371 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
10-27-2021 
10-27-2028 
5.78% 
20,092,714 
17,571 
XS2407022313 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
01-12-2021 
01-12-2026 
5.43% 
19,982,275 
17,474 
XS2454830824 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
03-10-2022 
03-10-2029 
6.07% 
9,945,803 
8,698 
XS2457006521 
25,000,000 
25,000,000 
03-15-2022 
03-15-2027 
5.89% 
24,905,311 
21,780 
XS2668166775 
35,000,000 
35,000,000 
08-18-2023 
08-18-2028 
6.71% 
34,959,041 
30,572 
XS2697475015 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
09-28-2023 
09-28-2028 
6.60% 
10,007,455 
8,752 
XS2737616164 
15,000,000 
15,000,000 
12-22-2023 
12-23-2024 
5.57% 
15,023,213 
13,138 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
 
 
 
 
(44,938,777) 
(39,301) 
Subtotal 
1,754,000,000 
1,754,000,000 
  
  
 
1,700,679,997 
1,487,244 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY AUD 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
AUD 
AUD 
AUD 
MCh$ 
XS1717587007 
80,000,000 
80,000,000 
11-15-2017 
11-15-2027 
4.15% 
80,019,874 
47,683 
XS1859545367 
40,000,000 
40,000,000 
07-25-2018 
07-25-2033 
4.67% 
40,536,458 
24,155 
XS1879612973 
60,000,000 
60,000,000 
09-14-2018 
09-14-2033 
4.65% 
60,363,164 
35,969 
XS1897619968 
40,000,000 
40,000,000 
10-24-2018 
10-24-2033 
4.70% 
39,796,505 
23,714 
XS2087687435 
30,000,000 
30,000,000 
02-12-2019 
03-12-2029 
4.68% 
29,930,750 
17,835 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
  
   
(3,397,951) 
(2,025) 
Subtotal 
250,000,000 
250,000,000 
  
247,248,800 
147,331 
 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY SWISS FRANC 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
CHF 
CHF 
CHF 
MCh$ 
CH0471298007 
175,000,000 
175,000,000 
05-22-2019 
11-22-2024 
0.32% 
174,903,968 
181,633 
CH0494734376 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
09-24-2019 
09-24-2029 
0.22% 
99,496,038 
103,324 
CH0505011889 
105,000,000 
105,000,000 
10-29-2019 
10-29-2025 
0.25% 
104,662,400 
108,689 
CH0506071239 
125,000,000 
125,000,000 
03-18-2020 
09-18-2026 
0.10% 
124,402,763 
129,189 
CH1120085696 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
07-15-2021 
12-15-2026 
0.39% 
99,248,109 
103,067 
CH1142512339 
200,000,000 
200,000,000 
01-26-2022 
04-26-2027 
0.60% 
199,244,642 
206,911 
CH1248666963 
135,000,000 
135,000,000 
03-22-2023 
03-22-2028 
2.89% 
136,417,941 
141,667 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
(3,483,532) 
(3,618) 
Subtotal 
940,000,000 
940,000,000 
  
  
934,892,329 
970,862 
 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY YEN 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
YEN 
YEN 
YEN 
MCh$ 
XS1830985781 
5,000,000,000 
5,000,000,000 
06-01-2018 
12-01-2028 
0.75% 
4,972,098,872 
30,841 
XS2424489958 
5,000,000,000 
5,000,000,000 
01-07-2022 
01-07-2027 
0.50% 
4,969,225,046 
30,823 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
(44,621,233) 
(277) 
Subtotal 
10,000,000,000 
10,000,000,000 
9,896,702,685 
61,387 
Total current bonds 
  
  
  
  
 
8,111,815 
 
 
 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY EURO 
Series 
  
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance Date 
Maturity Date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
EU 
EU 
EU 
MCh$ 
XS1493734971 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
09-23-2016 
09-23-2024 
0.89% 
20,020,592 
19,352 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
  
  
- 
- 
Subtotal 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
  
  
 
20,020,592 
19,352 
F-198

--- Page 501 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 73 
 
 
c) As of December 31, 2022, current bonds are as follows: 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN PESOS 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance  date 
Maturity date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
Ch$ 
Ch$ 
Ch$ 
MCh$ 
SERIE_AM 
 50,000,000,000  
 50,000,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2023 
4.90% 
 50,386,805,885  
 50,387  
SERIE__E 
100,000,000,000 
100,000,000,000 
12-01-2020 
12-01-2025 
8.25% 
87,242,126,980 
 87,242  
SERIE_O1 
100,000,000,000 
100,000,000,000 
12-01-2020 
12-01-2026 
7.11% 
86,760,286,472 
 86,760  
SERIE_O2 
100,000,000,000 
100,000,000,000 
12-01-2020 
12-01-2027 
5.49% 
90,266,502,981 
 90,267  
SERIE_O3 
50,000,000,000 
50,000,000,000 
09-01-2022 
03-01-2025 
7.20% 
52,054,876,632 
 52,055  
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
 4,341,915,457  
 4,342  
Subtotal 
400,000,000,000 
400,000,000,000 
 
 
 
371,052,514,407 
371,053 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN UNIDADES DE FOMENTO 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance  date 
Maturity date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
UF 
UF 
UF 
MCh$ 
SERIE_AI2 
 5,000,000  
 -  
03-01-2014 
03-01-2024 
0.00% 
 -  
 -  
SERIE_AJ2 
 20,000,000  
 20,000,000  
10-01-2014 
10-01-2024 
2.23% 
 20,016,847  
 702,811  
SERIE_AL2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2023 
2.15% 
 3,010,711  
 105,709  
SERIE_AL3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2024 
2.40% 
 3,010,791  
 105,712  
SERIE_AL4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2028 
2.36% 
 3,029,206  
 106,358  
SERIE_AL5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2031 
2.50% 
 3,009,346  
 105,661  
SERIE_AN2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-10-2016 
12-01-2024 
1.95% 
 3,008,096  
 105,617  
SERIE_AN3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2016 
12-01-2026 
2.00% 
 3,005,870  
 105,539  
SERIE_A2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2017 
04-01-2027 
2.18% 
 2,994,439  
 105,138  
SERIE_B2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
05-01-2017 
05-01-2023 
1.67% 
 3,013,373  
 105,802  
SERIE_C2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
07-01-2017 
07-01-2023 
2.32% 
 3,025,544  
 106,230  
SERIE_C3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
07-01-2017 
07-01-2025 
2.28% 
 3,010,532  
 105,703  
SERIE_C4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
07-01-2017 
07-01-2026 
2.42% 
 2,989,294  
 104,957  
SERIE_D1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2023 
1.84% 
 3,014,006  
 105,825  
SERIE_D2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2025 
2.04% 
 3,007,229  
 105,587  
SERIE_D3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2028 
2.34% 
 2,956,333  
 103,800  
SERIE_D4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2029 
2.45% 
 2,927,725  
 102,795  
SERIE_F2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2024 
1.60% 
 3,029,901  
 106,383  
SERIE_F3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2025 
2.00% 
 3,015,459  
 105,876  
SERIE_F4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2028 
2.17% 
 2,991,209  
 105,024  
SERIE_F5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2029 
2.36% 
 2,954,585  
 103,738  
Serie_G1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2018 
06-01-2025 
1.47% 
 3,042,859  
 106,838  
Serie_G2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2018 
06-01-2026 
1.09% 
 3,096,521  
 108,722  
Serie_G3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2018 
06-01-2029 
2.10% 
 2,988,696  
 104,936  
SERIE_I1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2019 
02-01-2028 
0.70% 
 3,219,458  
 113,038  
SERIE_I2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2019 
02-01-2029 
0.72% 
 3,256,263  
 114,331  
SERIE_I3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2019 
02-01-2030 
1.19% 
 3,190,041  
 112,005  
SERIE_K1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
05-01-2019 
05-01-2023 
(0.03%) 
 3,030,302  
 106,397  
SERIE_K2 
 3,000,000  
 1,450,000  
05-01-2019 
05-01-2025 
1.90% 
 1,458,331  
 51,203  
SERIE_K4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
05-01-2019 
05-01-2029 
0.45% 
 3,300,061  
 115,868  
SERIE_M3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2019 
10-01-2028 
(0.09%) 
 3,286,285  
 115,385  
SERIE_M4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2019 
10-01-2029 
(0.31%) 
 3,382,047  
 118,747  
SERIE_M5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2019 
10-01-2030 
0.27% 
 3,294,052  
 115,657  
SERIE_N1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
06-01-2027 
2.05% 
 2,935,446  
 103,066  
SERIE_N2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2027 
2.76% 
 2,833,766  
 99,496  
SERIE_N3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2028 
2.25% 
 2,881,357  
 101,167  
SERIE_N4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2030 
2.84% 
 2,724,741  
 95,668  
SERIE_P1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2031 
2.55% 
 3,131,101  
 109,936  
SERIE_P2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2032 
3.04% 
 3,017,385  
 105,943  
SERIE_P3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2033 
2.75% 
 3,097,805  
 108,767  
SERIE_P4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2035 
2.59% 
 3,155,443  
 110,791  
SERIE_P5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2036 
2.63% 
 3,155,059  
 110,777  
SERIE_R1 
 1,000,000  
 1,000,000  
09-01-2022 
03-01-2028 
2.85% 
 1,018,009  
 35,743  
SERIE_R2 
 1,000,000  
 1,000,000  
09-01-2022 
09-01-2028 
2.80% 
 1,021,219  
 35,856  
SERIE_R3 
 1,000,000  
 1,000,000  
09-01-2022 
03-01-2029 
2.80% 
 1,022,275  
 35,893  
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
 (2,207,809) 
 (77,516) 
Subtotal 
148,000,000 
141,450,000 
 
 
 
141,351,209 
4,962,979 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN FOREIGN CURRENCY US DOLLAR 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Placement  date 
Maturity date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
US$ 
US$ 
US$ 
MCh$ (*) 
USP32133CG63 
500,000,000 
500,000,000 
11-02-2013 
11-02-2023 
4.09% 
507,689,997 
431,156 
US05890MAA18 
500,000,000 
500,000,000 
12-10-2017 
12-10-2027 
3.65% 
498,086,844 
423,000 
XS1879614755 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
13-09-2018 
13-03-2024 
3.85% 
50,468,931 
42,861 
XS1888335194 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
04-10-2018 
04-04-2024 
4.02% 
100,750,404 
85,562 
XS1895749593 
45,000,000 
45,000,000 
19-10-2018 
19-04-2024 
4.03% 
45,257,689 
38,435 
XS1919312626 
25,000,000 
25,000,000 
07-12-2018 
07-12-2023 
2.86% 
25,038,459 
21,264 
XS1984711355 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
23-04-2019 
23-04-2024 
2.88% 
10,069,831 
8,552 
XS2012024696 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
14-06-2019 
14-06-2029 
3.32% 
49,754,847 
42,254 
XS2024766276 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
10-07-2019 
10-07-2029 
3.21% 
50,432,740 
42,830 
XS2047630970 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
28-08-2019 
28-08-2024 
3.08% 
10,023,193 
8,512 
XS2085920416 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
02-12-2019 
02-06-2025 
3.53% 
19,983,378 
16,971 
XS2318617185 
54,000,000 
54,000,000 
17-03-2021 
03-12-2029 
2.37% 
53,508,090 
45,442 
XS2337108497 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
27-04-2021 
27-04-2026 
3.81% 
10,030,006 
8,518 
XS2357310379 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
23-06-2021 
23-06-2031 
2.60% 
9,901,679 
8,409 
XS2377687442 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
18-08-2021 
18-08-2031 
2.53% 
9,983,973 
8,479 
XS2387450393 
30,000,000 
30,000,000 
16-09-2021 
16-09-2026 
4.80% 
29,829,997 
25,333 
XS2388190592 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
21-09-2021 
21-09-2026 
4.63% 
9,908,333 
8,415 
XS2384719667 
133,000,000 
133,000,000 
24-09-2021 
24-09-2026 
1.89% 
132,251,644 
112,315 
XS2389126280 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
09-27-2021 
09-27-2031 
2.42% 
9,959,735 
8,458 
US05890MAB90 
500,000,000 
500,000,000 
10-14-2021 
10-14-2031 
3.08% 
489,400,240 
415,623 
XS2398895651 
17,000,000 
17,000,000 
10-19-2021 
10-19-2026 
4.35% 
17,022,540 
14,456 
XS2402142371 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
10-27-2021 
10-27-2028 
4.82% 
20,025,145 
17,006 
XS2407022313 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
01-12-2021 
01-12-2026 
4.85% 
19,921,103 
16,918 
XS2454830824 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
03-10-2022 
03-10-2029 
5.35% 
9,919,692 
8,424 
XS2457006521 
25,000,000 
25,000,000 
03-15-2022 
03-15-2027 
5.26% 
24,838,300 
21,094 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
  
  
 
 
 (71.647.887) 
 (54,135) 
Subtotal 
2,219,000,000 
2,219,000,000 
  
  
  
2,142,408,903 
1,826,152 
 
 
F-199

--- Page 502 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 74 
 
 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN FOREIGN CURRENCY EURO 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Placement date 
Maturity date  
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
EU 
EU 
EU 
MCh$ 
XS1493734971 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
09-23-2016 
09-23-2024 
0.89% 
19,983,816 
18,134 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
19,983,816 
18,134 
 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY AUD 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Placement date  
Maturity date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
AUD 
AUD 
AUD 
MCh$ 
XS1717587007 
80,000,000 
80,000,000 
15-11-2017 
15-11-2027 
4.15% 
79,906,915 
46,118 
XS1859545367 
40,000,000 
40,000,000 
25-07-2018 
25-07-2033 
4.67% 
40,501,691 
23,376 
XS1879612973 
60,000,000 
60,000,000 
14-09-2018 
14-09-2033 
4.65% 
60,305,740 
34,805 
XS1897619968 
40,000,000 
40,000,000 
24-10-2018 
24-10-2033 
4.70% 
39,732,868 
22,932 
XS2087687435 
30,000,000 
30,000,000 
02-12-2019 
03-12-2029 
3.92% 
29,869,943 
17,239 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
 
 
 (10,839,716) 
 (6,256) 
Subtotal 
250,000,000 
250,000,000 
 
 
 
239,477,441 
138,214 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN FOREIGN CURRENCY SWISS FRANC 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Placement date 
Maturity date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
CHF 
CHF 
CHF 
MCh$ 
CH0471298007 
175,000,000 
175,000,000 
05-22-2019 
11-22-2024 
0.32% 
174,662,351 
160,428 
CH0494734376 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
09-24-2019 
09-24-2029 
0.22% 
99,332,320 
91,237 
CH0505011889 
105,000,000 
105,000,000 
10-29-2019 
10-29-2025 
0.25% 
104,406,038 
95,897 
CH0506071239 
125,000,000 
125,000,000 
03-18-2020 
09-18-2026 
0.10% 
124,097,896 
113,985 
CH1120085696 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
07-15-2021 
12-15-2026 
0.39% 
98,903,688 
90,844 
CH1142512339 
200,000,000 
200,000,000 
01-26-2022 
04-26-2027 
0.60% 
198,594,342 
182,410 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
(9,100,743) 
(8,359) 
Subtotal 
805,000,000 
805,000,000 
790,895,892 
726,442 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN FOREIGN CURRENCY YEN 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Placement date  
Maturity date 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due 
YEN 
YEN 
YEN 
MCh$ 
XS1830985781 
5,000,000,000 
5,000,000,000 
06-01-2018 
12-01-2028 
0.75% 
4,967,057,088 
31,992 
XS2424489958 
5,000,000,000 
5,000,000,000 
01-07-2022 
01-07-2027 
0.50% 
4,956,915,287 
31,926 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
 
(222,356,272) 
(1,432) 
Subtotal 
10,000,000,000 
10,000,000,000 
 
9,701,616,103 
62,486 
Total current bonds 
 
8,105,460 
 
d) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 the maturity of current bonds is as follows: 
 
December 31, 2023 
Long-term 
Short- term 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Short and long-term maturity 
current bonds 
6,637,563 
1,474,252 
8,111,815 
Total 
6,637,563 
1,474,252 
8,111,815 
 
December 31, 2022 
Long-term 
Short-term 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Short and long-term maturity 
Current bonds 
7,073,083 
1,032,377 
8,105,460 
Total 
7,073,083 
1,032,377 
8,105,460 
 
e) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 the securities under sale and repurchase agreements are as follows: 
Entity 
type 
Maturity of the commitment as of December 31, 2023 
On demand 
Up to 1 month 
From 1 to 3 
months 
From 3 months 
to 1 year 
From 1 to 3 years From 3 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Transactions with domestic banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
 -  
107,171 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
107,171 
Repurchase agreements with the Central Bank of Chile 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Securities lending obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
107,171 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
107,171 
 
Transactions with foreign banks 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Repurchase agreements with foreign central banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Securities lending obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
 
Transactions with other domestic entities 
Repurchase agreement 
 -  
 571,123  
 2,056  
 2,089  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 575,268  
Securities lending obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 571,123  
 2,056  
 2,089  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 575,268  
 
Transactions with other foreign entities 
Repurchase agreement 
 -  
 23,926  
 258  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 24,184  
Securities lending obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 23,926  
 258  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 24,184  
 
Total 
 -  
 702,220  
 2,314  
 2,089  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 706,623  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-200

--- Page 503 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 75 
 
 
Entity 
type 
Maturity as of December 31, 2022 
On demand 
Up to 1 month 
From 1 to 3 
months 
From 3 months 
to 1 year 
From 1 to 3 years From 3 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Transactions with domestic banks 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
- 
127,673 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
127,673 
Repurchase agreements with the Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending obligations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
127,673 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
127,673 
 
Transactions with foreign banks 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Repurchase agreements with foreign central banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending obligations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
Transactions with other domestic entities 
Repurchase agreement 
- 
254,716 
1,535 
155 
- 
- 
- 
256,406 
Securities lending obligations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
254,716 
1,535 
155 
- 
- 
- 
256,406 
 
Transactions with other foreign entities 
Repurchase agreement 
- 
804 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
804 
Securities lending obligations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
804 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
804 
 
Total 
- 
383,193 
1,535 
155 
- 
- 
- 
384,883 
 
 
F-201

--- Page 504 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 76 
 
 
NOTE 23 – REGULATORY CAPITAL FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED 
 
a) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 the Bank and its subsidiaries do not record any default in the payment of their obligations with banks or 
any other associated breaches.  
b) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 the detail of the regulatory capital financial instruments issued is as follows: 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
 
Subordinated bonds 
1,551,291 
1,499,299 
Bonds without fixed maturity 
- 
- 
Preferred stock 
- 
- 
Total 
1,551,291 
1,499,299 
 
c) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, movements in regulatory capital financial instruments issued are detailed as follows: 
 
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
Subordinated bonds 
Bonds without fixed maturity 
Preferred stock 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balances as of January 1, 2023 
 1,499,299  
- 
- 
New issues 
 -  
- 
- 
Acquisition or redemption by the issuer 
 -  
- 
- 
Modification of the issuance conditions 
 -  
- 
- 
Payment of interest to the holder 
 (71,499) 
- 
- 
Payment of principal to the holder 
 -  
- 
- 
Accrued interest 
 82,877  
- 
- 
Inflation-indexation accrued by the UF and/or the exchange rate 
 63,148  
- 
- 
Foreign currency translation differences 
 -  
- 
- 
Depreciation 
 -  
- 
- 
Revaluation 
 -  
- 
- 
Maturity 
 -  
- 
- 
Conversion to common stock 
 -  
- 
- 
Other 
 (22,534) 
- 
- 
Balances as of December 31, 2023 
1,551,291 
- 
- 
 
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
Subordinated bonds 
Bonds without fixed maturity 
Preferred stock 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balances as of January 1, 2022 
1,332,936 
- 
- 
New issues 
- 
- 
- 
Acquisition or redemption by the issuer 
- 
- 
- 
Modification of the issuance conditions 
- 
- 
- 
Payment of interest to the holder 
(59,127) 
- 
- 
Payment of principal to the holder 
- 
- 
- 
Accrued interest 
71,540 
- 
- 
Inflation-indexation accrued by the UF and/or the exchange rate 
172,130 
- 
- 
Foreign currency translation differences 
- 
- 
- 
Depreciation 
- 
- 
- 
Revaluation 
- 
- 
- 
Maturity 
- 
- 
- 
Conversion to common stock 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
(18,180) 
- 
- 
Balances as of December 31, 2022 
1,499,299 
- 
- 
 
As of December 31, 2023, subordinated bonds are as follows: 
 
SUBORDINATED BONDS IN UNIDADES DE FOMENTO 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance 
date 
Maturity 
date 
Average 
rate 
Balance due 
UF 
Balance due 
Amount issued 
UF 
UF 
MCh$ 
UF 
SERIE_AD1 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
01-01-2010 
06-01-2040 
30 
4.17% 
3,711,637 
136,549 
SERIE_AD2 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
01-01-2010 
06-01-2042 
32 
4.14% 
2,759,335 
101,514 
SERIE_F 
1,200,000 
1,200,000 
01-01-1999 
05-01-2024 
25 
7.73% 
51,047 
1,878 
SERIE_G 
400,000 
400,000 
01-01-1999 
05-01-2025 
26 
7.92% 
49,126 
1,807 
SERIE_L 
1,200,000 
1,200,000 
01-01-2001 
10-01-2026 
25 
6.39% 
275,145 
10,122 
SERIE_M 
1,800,000 
1,800,000 
01-01-2001 
10-01-2027 
26 
6.43% 
521,411 
19,182 
SERIE_N 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
01-01-2004 
06-01-2029 
25 
5.25% 
546,116 
20,091 
SERIE_O 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
01-01-2004 
06-01-2030 
26 
3.93% 
567,418 
20,875 
SERIE_R 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
01-01-2005 
06-01-2038 
33 
4.72% 
873,967 
32,153 
SERIE_S 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
12-01-2005 
12-01-2030 
25 
4.86% 
826,173 
30,394 
SERIE_T 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
12-01-2005 
12-01-2031 
26 
4.52% 
912,457 
33,569 
SERIE_U 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
06-01-2007 
06-01-2032 
25 
4.19% 
1,773,900 
65,261 
SERIE_W 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
06-01-2008 
06-01-2036 
28 
4.05% 
2,442,224 
89,848 
SERIE_Y 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
12-01-2007 
12-01-2030 
23 
4.25% 
2,998,572 
110,316 
SERIE_AC 
6,000,000 
6,000,000 
03-01-2010 
03-01-2040 
30 
3.96% 
5,714,810 
210,244 
SERIE_AH 
15,000,000 
9,000,000 
09-01-2013 
09-01-2043 
30 
3.63% 
7,972,388 
293,299 
SERIE_B1S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2019 
12-01-2039 
20 
1.32% 
3,298,472 
121,349 
SERIE_B2S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2019 
12-01-2044 
25 
1.30% 
3,390,317 
124,728 
SERIE_B3S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2019 
12-01-2049 
30 
1.28% 
3,482,318 
128,112 
Total subordinated bonds 
60,100,000 
54,100,000 
  
  
 
  
42,166,833 
1,551,291 
 
 
 
F-202

--- Page 505 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 77 
 
 
As of December 31, 2022, subordinated bonds are as follows: 
 
SUBORDINATED BONDS IN UNIDADES DE FOMENTO 
Series 
Amount issued 
Amount placed 
Issuance 
Maturity 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
UF 
UF 
date 
date 
rate 
UF 
MCh$ 
SERIE_AD1 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
06-01-2010 
06-01-2040 
4.17% 
3,688,857 
129,519 
SERIE_AD2 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
06-01-2010 
06-01-2042 
4.14% 
2,744,044 
96,346 
SERIE_F 
1,200,000 
1,200,000 
05-01-1999 
05-01-2024 
7.73% 
147,626 
5,183 
SERIE_G 
400,000 
400,000 
05-01-1999 
05-01-2025 
7.92% 
78,896 
2,770 
SERIE_L 
1,200,000 
1,200,000 
10-01-2001 
10-01-2026 
6.39% 
356,088 
12,503 
SERIE_M 
1,800,000 
1,800,000 
10-01-2001 
10-01-2027 
6.43% 
632,713 
22,215 
SERIE_N 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
06-01-2004 
06-01-2029 
5.25% 
629,932 
22,118 
SERIE_O 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
06-01-2004 
06-01-2030 
3.93% 
642,771 
22,568 
SERIE_R 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
06-01-2005 
06-01-2038 
4.72% 
857,284 
30,100 
SERIE_S 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
12-01-2005 
12-01-2030 
4.86% 
923,409 
32,422 
SERIE_T 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
12-01-2005 
12-01-2031 
4.52% 
1,005,489 
35,304 
SERIE_U 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
06-01-2007 
06-01-2032 
4.19% 
1,944,836 
68,285 
SERIE_W 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
06-01-2008 
06-01-2036 
4.05% 
2,347,164 
82,411 
SERIE_Y 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
12-01-2007 
12-01-2030 
4.25% 
2,876,328 
100,991 
SERIE_AC 
6,000,000 
6,000,000 
03-01-2010 
03-01-2040 
3.96% 
5,687,549 
199,695 
SERIE_AH 
15,000,000 
9,000,000 
09-01-2013 
09-01-2043 
3.63% 
7,919,664 
278,068 
SERIE_B1S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2019 
12-01-2039 
1.32% 
3,314,978 
116,392 
SERIE_B2S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2019 
12-01-2044 
1.30% 
3,406,294 
119,598 
SERIE_B3S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2019 
12-01-2049 
1.28% 
3,497,802 
122,811 
Total subordinated bonds 
60,100,000 
54,100,000 
 
 
 
42,701,724 
1,499,299 
 
NOTE 24 – PROVISIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES 
 
a) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 the provisions for contingencies are comprised of the following: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Provisions for employee benefit obligations 
 147,545  
152,610 
Provisions recorded by a foreign bank branch for remittances of profits to its parent 
 -  
- 
Provisions for restructuring plans 
 -  
- 
Provisions for lawsuits and litigation 
 4,732  
401 
Provisions for obligations related to customer loyalty and merit-based programs 
 8,839  
7,827 
Provisions for operational risk 
 496  
576 
Other provisions for other contingencies 
 38,163  
66,302 
Total 
199,775 
227,716 
 
b) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 the provisions for employee benefit obligations are as follows: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Provision for short-term employee benefits 
 112,381  
104,496 
Provision for post-employment employee benefits 
 -  
- 
Provision for long-term employee benefits 
 -  
- 
Provision for employee termination benefits 
 514  
974 
Provision for share-based or equity payments to employees 
 -  
- 
Provision for defined contribution post-employment plans 
 -  
- 
Provision for post-employment defined benefit plans 
 -  
- 
Provision for other personnel liabilities 
 34,650  
47,140 
Total 
147,545 
152,610 
 
c) Movements in the provision for performance bonuses as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 
 85,420  
 62,167  
Provisions recorded 
 78,715  
 83,419  
Provisions accrued 
 (70,414) 
 (57,909) 
Provisions used 
 (2,090) 
 (1,525) 
Other changes 
 921  
 (732) 
Total  
92,552 
85,420 
 
d) Movements in the provision for accrued vacations as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 
 21,391  
 17,351  
Provisions recorded 
 16,232  
 16,999  
Provisions accrued 
 (17,285) 
 (15,286) 
Provisions used 
 -  
 -  
Other changes 
 1,811  
 2,327  
Total  
22,149 
21,391 
F-203

--- Page 506 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 78 
 
NOTE 25 – PROVISIONS FOR DIVIDENDS. INTEREST PAYMENTS AND REVALUATION OF REGULATORY 
CAPITAL FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 
a) As of December 31, 2023 and 202, the detail of the provisions for dividends. Interest payments and revaluation of regulatory capital financial 
instruments is as follows: 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Provisions for dividends. Interest payment and revaluation of regulatory 
capital financial instruments issued 
 
Provisions for dividends 
204,740 
246,247 
Provision for interest payment on bonds without fixed maturity 
-  
-  
Provision for revaluation of bonds without fixed maturity 
-  
- 
Total 
204,740 
246,247 
 
b) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, movements in provisions for dividends. Interest payments and revaluation of regulatory capital financial 
instruments are detailed as follows: 
 
Provisions 
Provisions for dividends 
Provision for interest 
payment on bonds 
without maturity date 
Provision for 
revaluation of bonds 
without maturity date 
 
Total 
Common stock 
Preferred stock 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balances as of January 1, 2023 
 246,247  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 246,247  
Provisions recorded 
204,740 
 -  
 -  
 -  
204,740 
Provisions accrued 
 (246,247) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
(246,247) 
Release of provisions 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Balance as of December 31, 2023 
204,740 
 -  
 -  
 -  
204,740 
 
Provisions 
Provisions for dividends 
Provision for interest 
payment on bonds 
without maturity date 
Provision for 
revaluation of bonds 
without maturity date 
 
Total 
Common stock 
Preferred stock 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balances as of January 1, 2022 
156,117 
- 
- 
- 
156,117 
Provisions recorded 
246,247 
- 
- 
- 
246,247 
Provisions accrued 
(156,117) 
- 
- 
- 
(156,117) 
Provisions used 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Balance as of December 31, 2022 
246,247 
- 
- 
- 
246,247 
 
 
 
F-204

--- Page 507 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 79 
 
 
NOTE 26 – SPECIAL PROVISIONS FOR CREDIT LOSS 
 
a) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, special provisions for credit loss are as follows: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Provisions for credit loss for contingent loans 
 63,786  
60,252 
Provisions for country risk for operations with debtors domiciled abroad 
 4,950  
4,716 
Special provisions for foreign loans 
 -  
- 
Additional provisions for loans (*) 
 375,900  
415,022 
Provisions for adjustments to the minimum required provision for normal portfolio assessed on a stand-alone basis 
 7,762  
11,065 
Provisions accrued for credit loss as a result of complementary prudential requirements 
 -  
- 
Total 
 452,398  
491,055 
 
(*) These provisions are determined as described in Note 2 y). 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the composition of special provisions for credit risk for contingent credits are as follows: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Provisions for credit loss for contingent loans 
 
Guarantors and surety bonds 
 1,687  
3,498 
Confirmed foreign letters of credit 
 1,083  
646 
Documentary letters of credit issued 
 -  
- 
Transactions related to contingent events 
 22,857  
19,324 
Subtotal 
 25,627  
23,468 
Undrawn lines of credit in: 
Current account - business portfolio 
 18,106  
16,543 
Credit card - business portfolio 
 3,879  
3,980 
Current account - consumer portfolio 
 1,650  
1,492 
Credit card - consumer portfolio 
 7  
10 
Subtotal 
 23,642  
22,025 
Other credit commitments 
Credits for higher education Law No. 20,027 (CAE) 
 3  
3 
Other irrevocable credit commitments 
 7,541  
6,367 
Subtotal 
 7,544  
6,370 
Undrawn credit lines with immediate termination in: 
Current account – business portfolio 
 -  
- 
Credit card – business portfolio 
 -  
- 
Current account – consumer portfolio 
 124  
42 
Credit card – consumer portfolio 
 6,849  
8,347 
Subtotal 
 6,973  
8,389 
Commitments to acquire debt in local currency abroad 
 -  
- 
Other contingent loans 
 -  
- 
Provisions for country risk for operations with debtors domiciled abroad 
 4,950  
4,716 
Special provisions for loans abroad 
 -  
- 
Additional provisions for loans 
 375,900  
415,022 
Provisions for adjustments to the minimum required provision for normal portfolio assessed on a stand- 
alone basis 
 7,762  
11,065 
Provisions accrued for credit loss as a result of complementary prudential requirements 
 -  
- 
Subtotal 
 388,612  
430,803 
Total 
452,398 
491,055 
 
b) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, movements in special provisions for credit loss are as follows: 
 
 
Credit risk for 
contingent loans 
 
Country risk for 
transactions with 
debtors domiciled 
abroad 
 
 
Special provisions 
for loans abroad 
 
 
Additional 
provisions for loans 
Adjustments to 
provisions for 
adjustments to the 
minimum required 
provision for normal 
portfolio assessed on 
a stand-alone basis 
 
Provisions accrued 
for credit loss as a 
result of 
complementary 
prudential 
requirements 
 
 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2023 
 60,252  
 4,716  
 -  
 415,022  
 11,065  
 -  
 491,055  
Provisions recorded 
 10,437  
 1,522  
 -  
 10,700  
 1,007  
 -  
 23,666  
Provisions accrued 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Provisions used 
 (7,684) 
 (1,412) 
 -  
 (50,000) 
 (4,310) 
 -  
 (63,406) 
Exchange rate variation 
 781  
 124  
 -  
 178  
 -  
 -  
 1,083  
Balance as of December 31, 2023 
 63,786  
 4,950  
 -  
 375,900  
 7,762  
 -  
 452,398  
 
 
 
 
Credit risk for 
contingent loans 
 
Country risk for 
transactions with 
debtors domiciled 
abroad 
 
 
Special provisions for 
loans abroad 
 
 
Additional provisions 
for loans 
Adjustments to 
provisions for 
adjustments to the 
minimum required 
provision for normal 
portfolio assessed on 
a stand-alone basis 
 
Provisions accrued 
for credit loss as a 
result of 
complementary 
prudential 
requirements 
 
 
 
Total 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2022 
58,440 
3,482 
- 
350,143 
- 
- 
412,065 
Provisions recorded 
41,145 
1,447 
- 
81,900 
11,065 
- 
135,557 
Provisions accrued 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Provisions used 
(39,274) 
(196) 
- 
(16,882) 
- 
- 
(56,352) 
Exchange rate variation 
(59) 
(17) 
- 
(139) 
- 
- 
(215) 
Balance as of December 31, 2022 
60,252 
4,716 
- 
415,022 
11,065 
- 
491,055 
 
 
F-205

--- Page 508 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 80 
 
NOTE 27 – OTHER LIABILITIES 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, other liabilities are as follows: 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Cash guarantees received for derivative financial operations 
 647,548  
715,387 
Creditors for brokerage of financial instruments 
 -  
- 
Accounts payable to third parties 
 1,367,201  
534,906 
Accounts receivable from subsidiaries for services rendered (applicable only at individual bank level) 
 -  
- 
Agreed dividends payable 
 -  
- 
Valuation adjustments for macro hedges 
 9,111  
20,267 
Liability for revenue from contract with customers 
 48,922  
41,229 
VAT fiscal debit payable 
 19,185  
15,031 
Other cash collateral received 
 -  
- 
Pending transactions 
 28,686  
38,707 
Other liabilities 
 11,026  
21,135 
Total 
 2,131,679  
1,386,662 
 
NOTE 28 – EQUITY 
a) Paid-in capital and shares 
 
The changes in common shares as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, are as follows: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
Number 
Number 
Shares issued as of January 1 
 168,837,345  
155,886,505 
Issuance of bonus shares 
 21,700,678  
12,950,840 
Shares subscribed and paid for capital increase 
 28,066,236  
- 
Total issued 
 218,604,259  
168,837,345 
 
b) Shareholders 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the distribution of shareholders is as follows: 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Shares 
Number of shares 
Ownership % 
Empresas Juan Yarur S.P.A. (Parent) 
121,017,770 
55.36% 
Banco de Chile on behalf of non-resident third parties 
12,600,822 
5.76% 
Banco Santander on behalf of Foreign Investors 
5,886,104 
2.69% 
Banchile Corredores de Bolsa S.A. 
5,625,248 
2.57% 
AFP Habitat S.A. 
5,416,072 
2.48% 
BCI Corredores de Bolsa SA on behalf of third parties, 
4,862,484 
2.22% 
AFP Cuprum S.A. 
4,487,156 
2.05% 
AFP Provida S.A. 
4,443,183 
2.03% 
Inversiones Cerro Sombrero Financiero S.P.A. 
4,051,822 
1.85% 
AFP Capital S.A. 
3,719,525 
1.70% 
Imsa Financiera S.P.A. 
3,262,820 
1.49% 
Larraín Vial S.A. Corredora de Bolsa 
3,059,664 
1.40% 
Inversiones Nueva Altamira S.P.A. 
2,539,450 
1.16% 
Inversiones VYR S.P.A. 
2,491,841 
1.14% 
Inversiones Tarascona Corporation Agencia en Chile 
1,977,063 
0.90% 
Jorge Juan Yarur Bascuñán 
1,843,136 
0.84% 
Credicorp Capital SA Corredores de Bolsa 
1,832,768 
0.84% 
AFP Modelo S.A. 
1,601,361 
0.73% 
BTG Pactual Chile S.A. Corredores de Bolsa 
1,380,631 
0.63% 
AFP Planvital S.A. 
1,377,699 
0.63% 
Empresas JY S.A. 
1,280,778 
0.59% 
Inversiones Colibrí Financiera S.A. 
1,202,436 
0.55% 
BICE Inversiones Corredores de Bolsa S.A. 
1,020,858 
0.47% 
Bolsa Electrónica de Chile Bolsa de Valores 
1,009,716 
0.46% 
Bolsa de Comercio de Santiago Bolsa de Valores 
793,499 
0.36% 
Other Shareholders 
19,820,353 
9.07% 
Shares subscribed and paid 
218,604,259 
100.00% 
 
As of December 31, 2022, 
Shares 
Number of shares 
Ownership % 
Empresas Juan Yarur S.P.A. (Parent) 
93,467,212 
55.36% 
Banco de Chile on behalf of non-resident third parties 
10,677,630 
6.32% 
Banchile Corredores de Bolsa S.A. 
6,256,340 
3.71% 
Banco Santander on behalf of Foreign Investors 
4,299,178 
2.55% 
AFP Habitat S.A. 
4,204,591 
2.49% 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A. on behalf of third parties, 
3,997,804 
2.37% 
AFP Provida S.A. 
3,289,875 
1.95% 
AFP Capital S.A. 
3,086,939 
1.83% 
Larraín Vial S.A. Corredora de Bolsa 
2,968,443 
1.76% 
Inversiones Cerro Sombrero Financiero S.P.A. 
2,872,748 
1.70% 
Imsa Financiera S.P.A. 
2,520,016 
1.49% 
Inversiones Nueva Altamira S.P.A. 
2,229,718 
1.32% 
Inversiones VYR S.P.A. 
1,924,556 
1.14% 
AFP Cuprum S.A. 
1,831,166 
1.08% 
Inversiones Tarascona Corporation Agencia en Chile 
1,721,399 
1.02% 
Jorge Yarur Bascuñán 
1,624,031 
0.96% 
Luis Enrique Yarur Rey 
1,125,267 
0.67% 
AFP Modelo S.A. 
1,086,439 
0.64% 
BTG Pactual Chile S.A. Corredores de Bolsa 
1,035,947 
0.61% 
Empresas JY S.A. 
928,693 
0.55% 
Bolsa de Comercio de Santiago Bolsa de Valores 
862,462 
0.51% 
Bolsa Electrónica de Chile Bolsa de Valores 
789,698 
0.47% 
Inversiones Colibrí Financiera S.A. 
788,452 
0.47% 
Credicorp Capital S.A. Corredores de Bolsa 
770,064 
0.46% 
AFP Planvital S.A. 
662,643 
0.39% 
Other Shareholders 
13,816,034 
8.18% 
Shares subscribed and paid 
168,837,345 
100.00% 
 
F-206

--- Page 509 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 81 
 
c) Dividends 
 
a. During the periods ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the following dividends were declared by the Bank: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
Ch$ per common share 
Ch$1,500 
Ch$1,010 
 
b. Dividends agreed and paid as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 are detailed as follows: 
 
i. 
On March 14, 2023, the Board of Directors agreed to propose to the shareholders the distribution of the net profits obtained by the Bank in 
2022, approving the distribution of net profits amounting to Ch$820,821,690,521 (MCh$820,822), as follows: 
 
Distribute a dividend of Ch$1,500 per share among the total number of 168,837,345 shares issued and registered with the Shareholders' 
Registry, which implies allocating for this purpose the amount of Ch$253,256,017,500 (MCh$253,256), i.e., 30.85% of the net profit for 
distribution  for 2022. 
 
ii. 
On February 25, 2022, the Board of Directors agreed to propose to the shareholders the distribution of the net profits obtained by the Bank 
in 2021, approving the distribution of net profits amounting to Ch$520,391,300,750 (MCh$520,391), as follows: 
 
To distribute a dividend of $1.010 per share among the total of 155,886,505 shares issued and registered in the Shareholders' Registry, 
which implies allocating for this purpose the amount of $157,445,370,050 (MCh$157,445), i.e., 30.26% of the distributable net income for 
the year 2021. 
 
c. Provision for minimum dividends as of December 31, 2023 and 2022: 
 
The provision for dividends as of December 31, 2023 amounted to MCh$204,740 (MCh$246,247 as of December 31, 2022). 
d) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, there are no dilutive securities, such that basic and diluted earnings per share are the same: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
Earnings attributable to equity holders of the parent 
682,468 
820,822 
Profit available to shareholders in MCh$ 
682,468 
820,822 
Weighted average number of shares 
187,544,721 
144,922,480 
Basic earnings per share ($/share) 
3,639 
5,664 
 
e) Other comprehensive income 
 
Items that can be classified in profit or loss 
 
 
Foreign currency translation differences of foreign entities: 
 
They arise from exchange differences arising from the translation of a net investment in foreign entities whose functional currency is different from the 
parent company's functional currency. 
 
Cash flow hedge: 
 
They arise from the valuation at fair value at the end of each period of the derivative contracts that have been defined as cash flow hedges. 
 
 
Changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
The fair value reserve includes the accumulated net changes in the market value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. 
When (all or part of) the investment is sold or disposed of these reserves are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the period as part 
of the gain or loss related to investments (Note 1 (t) states the accounting treatment in case of impairment). 
 
Items that will not subsequently be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
 
Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability (asset) and actuarial gains and losses for other employee benefit plans 
 
These mainly arise from actuarial gains and losses from increases or decreases in the present value of the defined benefit obligation due to changes in 
actuarial assumptions and experience adjustments. 
 
 
Net changes in the fair value of equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
 
They relate to equity instruments (shares) for minority investments in companies recorded in accordance with IFRS 9, under which changes in the fair 
value of such instruments shall irrevocably be recorded in other comprehensive income after initial recognition.
F-207

--- Page 510 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 82 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, changes in Other Comprehensive Income are as follows: 
 
 
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
Re-       
measurement of 
the net defined 
benefit liability 
(asset) and 
actuarial 
results for other 
employee 
benefit plans 
 
Net changes in 
the fair value of 
equity 
instruments at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Changes in the 
fair value of 
financial liabilities 
at fair value 
through profit or 
loss attributable to 
changes in the 
credit risk of the 
financial liability 
 
Share in other 
comprehensive 
income of 
entities 
accounted for 
under the 
equity method 
 
 
Non-
current 
assets and 
disposal 
groups held 
for sale 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 
 
 
Income 
tax 
 
 
 
 
Subtotal 
 
Changes in fair 
value of 
financial assets 
at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
 
 
 
Translation 
differences 
for foreign 
entities 
 
 
Accounting 
hedges of 
net 
investments 
in foreign 
entities 
 
 
 
 
Cash flow 
hedge 
 
 
 
Items not 
designated as 
hedging 
instruments 
 
Share in other 
comprehensive 
income of 
entities 
accounted for 
under the 
equity method 
 
 
Non-
current 
assets and 
disposal 
groups held 
for sale 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 
 
 
Income 
tax 
 
 
 
 
Subtotal 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Closing 
balance as of 
December 31, 
2022 
(132) 
 (50) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(182) 
 (641,186) 
385,370  
 -  
140,908  
- 
- 
- 
-  117,301  
 2,393  
Effect of the 
correction or 
errors 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Effects of 
changes in 
accounting 
compendium 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Opening 
balance as of 
January 1, 2023 
 (132) 
 (50) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(182) 
 (641,186) 
 385,370  
-   140,908  
- 
- 
- 
-  117,301  
 2,393  
Profit for the 
period 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
comprehensive 
income for the 
period 
 91  
 486  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 577  
 130,117  
 73,469  
- 
33,086 
- 
- 
- 
- (35,108) 
201,564 
Closing 
balance as of  
December 31, 
2023 
 (41) 
 436  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 395  
 (511,069) 
 458,839  
- 
173,994 
- 
- 
- 
- 
82,193 
203,957 
 
 
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
Re-       
measurement of 
the net defined 
benefit liability 
(asset) and 
actuarial 
results for other 
employee 
benefit plans 
 
Net changes in 
the fair value of 
equity 
instruments at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Changes in the 
fair value of 
financial liabilities 
at fair value 
through profit or 
loss attributable to 
changes in the 
credit risk of the 
financial liability 
 
Share in other 
comprehensive 
income of 
entities 
accounted for 
under the 
equity method 
 
 
Non-
current 
assets and 
disposal 
groups held 
for sale 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 
 
 
Income 
tax 
 
 
 
 
Subtotal 
 
Changes in fair 
value of 
financial assets 
at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
 
 
 
Translation 
differences 
for foreign 
entities 
 
 
Accounting 
hedges of 
net 
investments 
in foreign 
entities 
 
 
 
 
Cash flow 
hedge 
 
 
 
Items not 
designated as 
hedging 
instruments 
 
Share in other 
comprehensive 
income of 
entities 
accounted for 
under the 
equity method 
 
 
Non-
current 
assets and 
disposal 
groups held 
for sale 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 
 
 
Income 
tax 
 
 
 
 
Subtotal 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Closing 
balance as of 
December 31, 
2021 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
- 
            -  
(242,905) 
405,367                   -  
177,037 
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
- 
(36,959) 
302,540 
Effect of the 
correction or 
errors 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
- 
            -  
 -  
  
-                    -                  -  
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
       -  
  
-  
- 
Effects of 
changes in 
accounting 
compendium 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
- 
            -  
(13,285) 
  
-                    -                  -  
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
       -  
- 
(13,285) 
Opening 
balance as of 
January 1, 2022 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
- 
            -  
 (256,190) 
405,367                   -  
177,037 
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
- 
(36,959) 
289,255 
Profit for the 
period 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
- 
            -  
 -  
  
-                    -                  -  
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
       -  
  
-  
               -  
Other 
comprehensive 
income for the 
period 
 (132) 
 (50) 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
-       (182)  
 (384,996) 
(19,997)                   -  
(36,129) 
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
- 
154,260 
(286,862) 
Closing 
balance as of 
December 31, 
2022 
(132) 
(50) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
(182) 
(641,186) 
385,370 
- 
140,908 
- 
- 
- 
- 
117,301 
2,393 
 
 
F-208

--- Page 511 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 83 
 
 
NOTE 29 – CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS 
a) 
Lawsuits and legal proceedings 
 
Banco BCI 
 
The Bank and its subsidiaries record several lawsuits related to their activities which, considering their background and grounds for the defensive 
arguments presented. In the opinion of Management and the internal legal advisors, will not generate liabilities or obligations in addition to those 
previously recorded by the Bank and its subsidiaries, therefore it has not been considered necessary to record a provision in addition to the one recorded 
for these contingencies. As of December 31, 2023, the Bank and its subsidiaries had provisions for civil, labor, and other claims amounting to MCh$4,732 
(MCh$401 as of December 31, 2022). 
 
b) 
Guarantees granted for operations: 
 
Direct commitments 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Bank does not maintain guarantees for this concept.  
 
Guarantees for operations 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Bank has the following guarantees: 
 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A. 
 
As of December 31, 2023 this Company has collateralized the commitments for simultaneous operations in the Santiago Stock Exchange, whose 
valuation amounts to MCh$46,534 (MCh$61,006 as of December 31, 2022). 
 
As of December 31, 2023, the Company has provided guarantees for the correct fulfillment of the settlement of CCLV system operations in the Santiago 
Stock Exchange for MCh$22,139 (MCh$7,763  as of December 31, 2022). 
 
As of December 31, 2023, the Company has provided guarantees for the correct fulfillment in the settlement of CCLV system operations with derivatives 
in the Santiago Stock Exchange MCh$178 (MCh$495 as of December 31, 2022). 
 
As of December 31, 2023, the Company maintains guarantees abroad for international market operations for MCh$44 (MCh$42 as of December 31, 
2022). 
 
The Company has a guarantee amounting to UF20,000 to comply with the provisions of Article 30 of Law 18,045, which aims to ensure the correct and 
full compliance with all its obligations as a securities broker and whose beneficiaries are the present or future creditors that it has or may have as a result 
of its brokerage operations. This guarantee corresponds to a policy contracted on August 19, 2022 (Nº330-22-00033372) valid until August 19, 2024, 
with Compañía de Seguros de Mapfre Garantía y Crédito, being the Santiago Stock Exchange (Bolsa de Comercio de Santiago, Bolsa de Valores) the 
representative of the possible beneficiary creditors, 
 
The Company maintains a guarantee amounting to UF10,000 to comply with the provisions of Article No. 12 and following and 99 and following of 
Law No. 20,712, which guarantees the faithful compliance with the obligations of BCI Corredor de Bolsa for the management of third-party funds and 
portfolio. This guarantee is effective from November 7, 2023 to November 7, 2024. 
 
Employee fidelity insurance or employee loyalty insurance 
 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A. has an insurance policy taken out with Southbridge Compañía de Seguros Generales S.A., which covers Banco Crédito e 
Inversiones and its subsidiaries from May 31, 2023 to November 30, 2025. For an amount of UF500,000. 
 
BCI Corredores de Seguros S.A. 
 
As of December 31, 2023, the Company has contracted the following insurance policies to comply with the provisions of letter d) of Article No. 58 of 
Decree with Force of Law No. 251 of 1931 to guarantee the correct and full compliance with all the obligations arising from its activity: 
 
Guarantee Policy for Insurance Brokers No. 6293449 for an insured amount of UF500 contracted with Compañía de Seguros Generales Consorcio 
Nacional de Seguros S.A., valid from April 15, 2023 to April 14, 2024, establishing the right of the insurance company to reimburse the broker for all 
amounts disbursed by the former to pay third-parties affected by the broker's deficient brokerage.  
 
Professional Civil Liability Policy for Insurance Brokers No. 6293449 for an insured amount of UF60,000, contracted with Compañía de Seguros 
Generales Consorcio Nacional de Seguros S.A., valid from April 15, 2023 to April 14, 2024, to protect the broker against possible claims by third parties, 
with the insurance company having the power to request the broker to reimburse the amount paid to the claiming third-party.  
BCI Factoring S.A. 
As of December 31, 2023 the Company has approved coverage lines for operators of the Factor Chain International in the amount of MCh$1177  
(ThCh$0  2022), of which MCh$0 have been used in 2023 (MCh$0 in 2022). 
 
F-209

--- Page 512 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 84 
 
 
BCI Corredores de Bolsa de Productos S.A. 
 
As of December 31, 2023, the Company has Surety Bond No.675251 taken with Banco de Crédito e Inversiones. For UF2,000. In favor of Bolsa de 
Productos SA., to guarantee compliance with the Company's obligations as a product broker in favor of its principals in compliance with article 11 of 
Law 19,220. The possibility of paying this bond is covered by a "credit line opening agreement to cover potential guarantee payments issued in Chilean 
pesos or foreign currency", which is in the possession of the financial institution and is valid up to April 17,  2025. 
 
As of December 31, 2023, the Company has Bond No.675252 taken with Banco de Crédito e Inversiones. For UF6,000. In favor of Bolsa de Productos 
SA. To guarantee compliance with all its obligations as a product broker in relation to operations invoiced to the Company. The possibility of paying 
this bond is covered by a "credit line opening agreement to cover potential guarantee payments issued in Chilean pesos or foreign currency", which is in 
the possession of the financial institution and is valid up to October 17, 2025. 
 
As of December 31, 2023, the Company has Bond No. 693799 taken with Banco de Crédito e Inversiones. For UF 2,000 in favor of Bolsa de Productos 
SA. To guarantee compliance with all its obligations as a contract broker to its customers in accordance with Article 8 of the Manual of operations with 
credits or loans, which is held by the financial institution and is valid up to September 15, 2025. 
 
BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos S.A. 
 
Guarantees established in articles 12, 13 and 14 of the Single Fund Law No.20,712. 
As of December 31, 2023, there are guarantee policies for all funds and portfolio management, amounting to MCh$85.863. 
 
Fund 
Type of Guarantee 
Amount 
Amount Issued 
 
 
MCh$ 
UF 
Fund 
Surety bonds in UF 
74,687 
2,030,124.40 
Portfolio Management 
Surety bonds in UF 
11,166 
303,508.58 
Other guarantees 
Surety bonds in UF 
10 
0.00 
Total 
85,863 
2,333,632.98 
 
This is in conformity with the provisions of article 226 of Law No.18,045 of the Securities Market and NCG No.125 of 2001, which state that General 
Fund Administrators must permanently maintain a guarantee for each managed fund, which must always be equivalent to UF10,000 or 1% of the average 
equity of the corresponding calendar year prior to the date of its determination. 
 
Similarly, in order to comply with the requirements of Title IV of Circular 1790, mutual funds defined as collateralized structured funds must have at 
all times a guarantee granted by a third-party other than the management company. 
 
To ensure compliance with these regulations, BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos S.A. maintains Surety Bonds with the Bank. 
c) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the composition of the contingent receivables are as follows: 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Guarantees and finance 
 302,416  
 329,686  
Guarantees and finance in Chilean currency 
 -  
 -  
Guarantees and finance in foreign currency 
 302,416  
 329,686  
Letters of credit for merchandise circulation transactions 
 372,001  
 257,529  
Commitments to purchase debt in local currency abroad 
 -  
 -  
Transactions related to contingent events 
 3,017,031  
 2,681,573  
Transactions related to contingent events in Chilean currency 
 1,865,551  
 1,742,679  
Transactions related to contingent events in foreign currencies 
 1,151,480  
 938,894  
Undrawn lines of credit with immediate cancellation 
 3,638,891  
 3,833,454  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed in current account - commercial portfolio 
 -  
 -  
Available balance of credit line in credit card - commercial portfolio 
 -  
 -  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed in current account - consumer portfolio 
 8,024  
 1,915  
Available balance of line of credit on credit card - consumer portfolio 
 3,630,867  
 3,831,539  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed on current account - portfolio due from banks 
 -  
 -  
Unrestricted lines of credit 
 4,902,918  
 4,790,828  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed in current account - commercial portfolio 
 4,187,063  
 4,044,000  
Available balance of credit line in credit card - commercial portfolio 
 301,518  
 316,846  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed in current account - consumer portfolio 
 414,337  
 429,982  
Available balance of line of credit on credit card - consumer portfolio 
 -  
 -  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed on current account - portfolio due from banks 
 -  
 -  
Other credit commitments 
 970,533  
 970,826  
Loans for higher education studies Law No. 20,027 
 1,106  
 2,260  
Other irrevocable credit commitments 
 969,427  
 968,566  
Other contingent loans 
 -  
 -  
Total 
13,203,790 
12,863,896 
F-210

--- Page 513 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 85 
 
 
NOTE 30 – INTEREST INCOME AND EXPENSES 
 
a) The composition of interest income and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is as follows: 
 
 
  
  
  
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Interest income 
4,102,634 
2,903,692 
Interest expenses 
(2,539,336) 
(1,343,274) 
Total net interest income 
1,563,298 
1,560,418 
 
b) The detail of net interest income for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is as follows: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Interest income 
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
Rights for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
12,676 
5,871 
Debt financial instruments 
105,063 
45,590 
Debts held by banks 
34,407 
21,614 
Commercial loans 
2,143,680 
1,561,194 
Mortgage housing loans 
438,561 
275,849 
Consumer loans 
548,832 
512,443 
Other financial instruments 
121,823 
77,156 
Subtotal 
3,405,042 
2,499,717 
 
  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
 
  
Debt financial instruments 
579,007 
365,897 
Other financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
579,007 
365,897 
 
  
Gain (loss) from interest rate risk hedges 
 
  
Profit from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 189,609  
 221,410  
Loss from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 (124,363) 
 (183,332) 
Results from adjustment of hedged financial assets 
 53,339  
 -  
Subtotal 
 118,585  
 38,078  
 
  
Total interest income 
 4,102,634  
 2,903,692  
 
  
Interest expenses 
 
  
 
  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost: 
 
  
Deposits and other obligations on demand 
 (341,389) 
 (95,419) 
Deposits and other time deposits 
 (1,484,854) 
 (768,882) 
Obligations for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 (50,682) 
 (21,320) 
Bank borrowings 
 (208,386) 
 (95,268) 
Debt financial instruments issued 
 (199,577) 
 (185,000) 
Other financial obligations 
 (107,111) 
 (36,189) 
Subtotal 
 (2,391,999) 
 (1,202,078) 
 
  
Lease liabilities 
 (2,639) 
 (2,897) 
 
  
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
 (51,988) 
 (48,567) 
 
  
Gain (loss) from interest rate risk hedges 
 
  
Gain from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 1,029,265  
 425,576  
Loss from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 (1,043,289) 
 (508,177) 
Gain (loss) from adjustment of hedged financial liabilities 
 (78,686) 
 (7,131) 
Subtotal 
 (92,710) 
 (89,732) 
 
  
Total interest expense 
 (2,539,336) 
 (1,343,274) 
 
  
Net interest income 
 1,563,298  
 1,560,418  
 
c) The stock of interest income suspended for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is as follows: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Suspended interest income 
Debts held by banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 4,561  
 4,932  
Mortgage housing loans 
 7,732  
 3,671  
Consumer loans 
 171  
 287  
Total 
 12,464  
 8,890  
 
d) The stock of interest income received for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is as follows: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Interest received from impaired portfolio 
Debts held by banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 13,954  
 7,844  
Mortgage housing loans 
 13,191  
 9,627  
Consumer loans 
 7,817  
 5,566  
Total 
 34,962  
 23,037  
F-211

--- Page 514 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 86 
 
 
NOTE 31 – INFLATION-INDEXATION INCOME AND EXPENSES 
a) The composition of inflation-indexation income and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is as follows: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Inflation-indexation income from 
884,492 
1,476,901 
Inflation-indexation expenses 
(426,479) 
(727,603) 
Total net inflation-indexation income 
458,013 
749,298 
 
b) The detail of net inflation-indexation income for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is as follows: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Inflation-indexation income 
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
Rights for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 56  
 -  
Debt financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
Debts held by banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 259,792  
 664,291  
Mortgage housing loans 
 469,899  
 1,140,179  
Consumer loans 
 627  
 2,665  
Other financial instruments 
 10,049  
 12,114  
Subtotal 
 740,423  
 1,819,249  
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
 
Debt financial instruments 
 92,547  
 228,673  
Other financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 92,547  
 228,673  
 
Gain (loss) from interest rate risk hedges 
 
Gain from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 448,236  
 83,137  
Loss from financial derivative contracts for accounting coverage 
 (396,714) 
 (651,625) 
Results from adjustment of hedged financial assets 
 -  
 (2,533) 
Subtotal 
 51,522  
 (571,021) 
 
Total Inflation-indexation income 
 884,492  
 1,476,901  
 
Inflation-indexation expenses 
 
 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost: 
 
Deposits and other obligations on demand 
 (3,684) 
 (8,297) 
Deposits and other time deposits 
 (42,061) 
 (51,792) 
Obligations for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 (1,229) 
 435  
Bank borrowings 
 (234) 
 1,061  
Debt financial instruments issued 
 (233,441) 
 (567,054) 
Other financial obligations 
 (10,768) 
 (31,593) 
Subtotal 
 (291,417) 
 (657,240) 
 
Gain (loss) from interest rate risk hedges 
 
Gain from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 465,914  
 691,149  
Loss from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 (490,092) 
 (584,588) 
Gain (loss) from adjustment of hedged financial liabilities 
 (39,381) 
 -  
Subtotal 
 (63,559) 
 106,561  
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued: 
Subordinated bonds 
 (71,503) 
 (176,924) 
Bonds without fixed maturity 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 (71,503) 
 (176,924) 
 
Total inflation-indexation expenses 
 (426,479) 
 (727,603) 
 
Net inflation-indexation income 
 458,013  
 749,298  
 
c) The detail of income from suspended inflation-indexation for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is as follows: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Income from suspended inflation-indexation 
Debts held by banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 3,501  
 1,071  
Mortgage housing loans 
 43,410  
 37,802  
Consumer loans 
 16  
 35  
Total 
 46,927  
 38,908  
 
d) The detail of income from inflation-indexation received for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is as follows: 
 
 December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Income from inflation-indexation received 
Debts held by banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 4,937  
 7,971  
Mortgage housing loans 
 16,833  
 9,846  
Consumer loans 
 636  
 827  
Total 
 22,406  
 18,644  
F-212

--- Page 515 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 87 
 
 
NOTE 32 – FEE INCOME AND EXPENSES 
 
The composition of fee income and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is as follows: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fee income 
Loan prepayment fees 
 6,075  
 4,508  
Fes for loans with letters of credit 
 -  
 -  
Fees for lines of credit and checking account overdrafts 
 5,187  
 5,453  
Fees for guarantees and letters of credit 
 34,369  
 29,550  
Fees for card services 
 104,232  
 112,827  
Account management fees 
 64,520  
 60,022  
Fees for collections and payments 
 83,450  
 82,067  
Fees for securities brokerage and management (Stockbrokers and/or Securities Agency) 
 5,800  
 7,313  
Fees for administration of mutual funds. Investment funds or other 
 58,468  
 59,463  
Fees for brokerage and insurance advisory services 
 59,591  
 58,652  
Fees for factoring services 
 5,134  
 5,277  
Fees for finance lease transaction services 
 -  
 -  
Fees for securitizations 
 125  
 159  
Fees for financial advisory services 
 15,369  
 11,095  
Other fees earned 
 70,085  
 71,942  
Total fee income 
 512,405  
 508,328  
Fee expenses 
Fee for card operation 
 (50,545) 
 (42,709) 
License fees for the use of card brands 
 (5,871) 
 -  
Other fees for services linked to the credit card system and payment cards with provision 
of funds as a means of payment 
 -  
 -  
Expenses for obligations of loyalty programs and merits for card customers 
 (33,455) 
 (27,039) 
Fees for securities trading 
 (51,819) 
 (42,072) 
Other commissions for services received 
 (29,910) 
 (29,597) 
Total commission expenses 
 (171,600) 
 (141,417) 
 
Net fee income 
 340,805  
 366,911  
 
 
 
F-213

--- Page 516 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 88 
 
 
NOTE 33 – NET FINANCE INCOME (EXPENSE) 
 
The composition of the net finance income (expense) for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is as follows:  
 
 December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss: 
Financial derivative contracts 
 152,078  
 37,067  
Debt financial instruments 
 95,453  
 64,736  
Other financial instruments 
 (24,277) 
 3,654  
Equity instruments 
 25,008  
 (81,421) 
Loans granted and received by the entity 
 (476) 
 (296) 
Other 
 -  
 34  
Subtotal 
 247,786  
 23,774  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
Financial derivative contracts 
- 
- 
Other financial instruments 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
Debt financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
Other 
 (13,750) 
 (24,090) 
Subtotal 
 (13,750) 
 (24,090) 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
Debt financial instruments 
- 
- 
Other financial instruments 
- 
- 
Loans granted and received by the entity (debts held by banks, commercial loans, mortgage housing loans and consumer 
loans) 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
Deposits, other obligations and deposits on demand and other loans 
- 
- 
Debt instruments issued 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
Financial result on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities at amortized cost and financial assets at fair value  
through other amortized cost and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income comprehensive income 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
 1,488  
 8,399  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 (13,593) 
 -  
Financial liabilities at amortized costs 
 -  
 -  
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 (12,105) 
 8,399  
Financial income (expense) for changes, adjustments, and foreign currency hedge 
Gain (loss) from foreign currency translation 
 (179,285) 
 43,278  
Gain (loss) from exchange rate adjustments 
 -
 -
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 -  
 (5,653) 
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
Debts held by banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 -  
 -  
Mortgage housing loans 
 -  
 -  
Consumer loans 
 -  
 -  
Other assets 
 11,636  
 (1,862) 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
 -  
 -  
Net income (expense) from derivatives in foreign currency risk hedges 
 26,139  
 (91,898) 
Subtotal 
 (141,510) 
 (56,135) 
Financial income (loss) from reclassification of financial assets due to change in business model 
From financial assets at amortized cost to financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
From financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income to financial assets held for trading at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
Reclassifications of financial assets due to changes in business models 
From financial assets at amortized cost to financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
From financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income to financial assets held for trading at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
Other financial income (expense) from changes in financial assets and liabilities 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
 -  
 -  
Lease liabilities 
 -  
 -  
Issued regulatory capital financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
Other financial income (expense) from ineffective accounting hedges 
Income (expense) from ineffective cash flow hedges 
 -  
 -  
Income (expense) from ineffective hedges of net foreign investment 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
Other financial income (expense) from other hedges 
Hedges of other types of financial assets 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
Total net finance income (expense) 
 80,421  
 (48,052) 
F-214

--- Page 517 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 89 
 
 
NOTE 34 – INCOME FROM INVESTMENTS IN COMPANIES 
The income from investment in companies for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, are as follows: 
 
  
  
  
  
 December 31, 
2023 
2022 
Profit/  
Loss 
Ownership 
Accrued 
income 
Profit/  
Loss 
Ownership 
Accrued 
income 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
Investments in associates 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Redbanc S.A. 
 756  
 12.71  
 96  
 1,711  
 12.71  
 217  
Combanc S.A. 
 572  
 13.30  
 76  
 930  
 13.30  
 124  
Transbank S.A. 
 26,814  
 8.72  
 2,338  
 26,031  
 8.72  
 2,270  
Servicio de Infraestructura de Mercado OTC S.A. 
 1,060  
 13.61  
 144  
 872  
 13.61  
 119  
AFT S.A. 
 3,616  
 20.00  
 723  
 4,021  
 20.00  
 804  
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
 5,058  
 33.33  
 1,686  
 4,702  
 33.33  
 1,567  
Sociedad Interbancaria de Depósitos de Valores S.A. 
 1,718  
 7.03  
 121  
 1,508  
 7.03  
 106  
Pago y Servicios S.A. 
 (1,891) 
 49.90  
 (944) 
 (1,588) 
 49.90  
 (792) 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
Minority investments 
 
 
 
  
  
  
Shares of SWIFT 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Shares of BLADEX 
 -  
 -  
 710  
 -  
 -  
 409  
CNB shares (FHLB and FRB) 
 -  
 -  
 8,043  
 -  
 -  
-  
Other actions 
 -  
 -  
 4  
 -  
 -  
 33  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
Investments in joint ventures 
 
 
 
  
  
  
Servipag Ltd, 
 4,402  
 50.00  
 2,201  
 3,732  
 50.00  
 1,866  
Artikos Chile S.A. 
 1,639  
 50.00  
 820  
 1,361  
 50.00  
 681  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
43,744 
 
16,018 
43,280 
 
7,404 
 
NOTE 35 – INCOME FROM NON-CURRENT ASSETS AND DISPOSAL GROUPS HELD FOR SALE NOT ADMISSIBLE AS 
DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 
The composition of the income from non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale not admissible as discontinued operations for the years ended 
December 31, 2023 and 2022, are as follows: 
 
 December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Net income for assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction: 
Other income from sale of assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction 
 2,769  
 186  
Other income from assets received in payment or foreclosed judicial auction 
 2,664  
 3,355  
Provisions for adjustments to the net realizable value of assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction 
 -  
 (397) 
Write-offs of assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction 
 (2,080) 
 (1,160) 
Expenses for maintenance of assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction 
 (1,730) 
 (797) 
Subtotal 
 1,623  
 1,187  
Non-current assets held for sale: 
 
Investments in companies 
 -  
 -  
Intangible assets 
 -  
 -  
Property and equipment 
 822  
 (216) 
Assets for recovery of assets under finance lease agreements 
 7,787  
 8,731  
Other assets 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 8,609  
 8,515  
 
Disposal group held for sale 
 -  
- 
Total 
 10,232  
 9,702  
F-215

--- Page 518 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 90 
 
 
NOTE 36 – OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES 
 
The composition of other operating income and expenses for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, are as follows: 
 
 December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Other operating income 
Payments from insurance companies for claims other than operational risk related events 
 -  
 23  
Net income from investment property 
 -  
 -  
Income from card brands issued (VISA, MC, etc.) 
 5,941  
 10,190  
Income from correspondent banks 
 -  
 -  
Income other than interest and fees from lease agreements 
 -  
 -  
Income from expense recovery 
 4,116  
 4,432  
Other income 
 41,485  
 38,761  
Total 
 51,542  
 53,406  
 
Other operating expenses 
 
Insurance premium expense to cover operational risk events 
 (395) 
 -  
Gross loss expense from operational risk events 
 (13,743) 
 (14,008) 
Recovery of expenses for operational risk events 
 7,548  
 3,640  
Expense for provision for unearned insurance brokerage fees 
 -  
 -  
Expense for provision for unearned insurance premium collection fees 
 -  
 -  
Provisions for restructuring plans 
 -  
 -  
Provisions for lawsuits and litigation 
 (12,620) 
(5,520)  
Other provisions for other contingencies 
 19,295  
 (53,597) 
Expenses for finance lease credit transactions 
 -  
 -  
Expenses for factoring credit transactions 
 -  
 -  
Expenses for administration, maintenance, and support of ATMs 
 -  
 -  
Expenses for adoption of new technologies in cards 
 -  
 -  
Other operating expenses 
 (23,650) 
 (26,668) 
Total 
 (23,565) 
(96,153) 
 
 
 
 
F-216

--- Page 519 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 91 
 
 
NOTE 37 – EXPENSES FOR EMPLOYEE BENEFITS OBLIGATIONS  
The composition of expenses for employee benefit obligations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, are as follows: 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Short-term employee benefits 
Remuneration 
 (363,316) 
 (352,548) 
Incentives (performance bonuses) 
 (111,831) 
 (129,075) 
Legal bonus 
 (61,279) 
 (54,281) 
Other 
 (88,209) 
 (67,105) 
Subtotal 
 (624,635) 
 (603,009) 
Post-employment benefits 
Post-employment employee benefits 
 -  
- 
Subtotal 
 -  
- 
Long-term employee benefits 
Remuneration 
 -  
- 
Incentives (performance bonuses) 
 -  
- 
Other 
 -  
- 
Subtotal 
 -  
- 
Termination benefits 
Severance indemnity 
(23,816) 
 (20,966) 
Other 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
(23,816) 
 (20,966) 
Share-based or equity-based payment transactions 
Equity-settled share-based payment transactions 
 -  
- 
Cash-settled share-based payment transactions 
 -  
- 
Subtotal 
 -  
- 
Expenses for defined contribution post-employment plans 
 -  
- 
Expenses for defined benefit post-employment plans 
 -  
- 
Expenses for other personnel obligations with 
 -  
- 
Other personnel expenses 
(17,415) 
 (15,014) 
Subtotal 
(17,415) 
(15,014) 
Total 
(665,866) 
 (638,989) 
 
NOTE 38 – ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 
 
The composition of administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, are as follows: 
 
 December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Administrative expenses 
 (306,465) 
 (271,354) 
Expenses for short-term leases 
 -  
 -  
Expenses for leases of low-value assets 
 -  
 (11,058) 
Other expenses for lease liabilities 
 (7,529) 
 -  
Maintenance and repair of property and equipment 
 (18,183) 
 (15,296) 
Insurance premiums except for those intended to cover operational risk events 
 (41,243) 
 (14,444) 
Office supplies 
 (2,616) 
 (3,048) 
IT and communications expenses 
 (124,243) 
 (110,880) 
Lighting, heating, and other services 
 (8,511) 
 (8,610) 
Surveillance services and transportation of securities 
 (11,646) 
 (13,519) 
Staff representation and travel expenses 
 (8,217) 
 (4,707) 
Legal and notary expenses 
 (2,980) 
 (1,749) 
Fees for review and audit of the financial statements by the external auditor 
 (6,762) 
 (5,979) 
Fees for advisory and consulting services by the external auditor 
 -  
 -  
Fees for advisory and consulting services by other auditing companies 
 -  
 -  
Title classification fees 
 -  
 -  
Fees for other technical reports 
 (40,834) 
 (6,553) 
Fines by the CMF 
 -  
 -  
Fines by other agencies 
 (186) 
 (57) 
Other general administrative expenses 
 (33,515) 
 (75,454) 
Outsourced services 
 (83,875) 
 (64,113) 
Board Expenses 
 (7,609) 
 (6,774) 
Board Remuneration 
 (7,032) 
 (6,285) 
Other expenses of the Board of Directors 
 (577) 
 (489) 
Advertising 
 (53,264) 
 (42,194) 
Taxes, property taxes and other legal charges 
 (46,892) 
 (38,085) 
Property taxes 
 (4,837) 
 (3,455) 
Municipal patents 
 (2,745) 
 (2,388) 
Other taxes other than income tax 
 (18,622) 
 (14,055) 
Control contributions to the regulator 
 (20,604) 
 (18,187) 
Other legal fees 
 (84) 
 -  
Total 
 (498,105) 
 (422,520) 
 
 
 
F-217

--- Page 520 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 92 
 
 
NOTE 39 – DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION 
 
The amounts corresponding to charges to results for depreciation and amortization for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, are as follows: 
 
December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Amortization of intangible assets 
(67,154) 
(64,653) 
Depreciation of property and equipment 
(21,529) 
(24,493) 
Depreciation and amortization of right-of-use assets under lease agreements 
(24,333) 
(24,497) 
Total 
(113,016) 
(113,643) 
 
NOTE 40 – IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS 
 
The impairment of non-financial assets for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is as follows: 
 
 December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Impairment of investments in companies 
 -  
 -  
Impairment of intangible assets (*) 
 (2,530) 
 (21,009) 
Impairment of property and equipment 
 (17) 
 -  
Impairment of right-of-use assets under lease agreements 
 -  
 -  
Impairment of other assets for investment property 
 -  
 -  
Impairment of assets from revenue 
 -  
 -  
Gain from an acquisition through a business combination in a bargain condition 
 -  
 -  
Total 
 (2,547) 
 (21,009) 
 
(*) As of December 31, 2023, this relates to impairment of goodwill in the Financial Services CGU of MCh$1,031 and customer relationships of MCh$1,499. As of December 31, 2022, it relates to impairment 
of goodwill in the Financial Services CGU of MCh$20,442 and intangible assets due to obsolescence of internally generated software of MCh$567. 
 
Determination of impairment of goodwill as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
The Bank's Management estimated the recoverable amount of its Financial Services CGU that present balances in intangible assets, resulting in the 
recognition of an impairment loss associated with the goodwill assigned to this CGU of MCh$1,031 as of December 31, 2023 and MCh$20,442 as of 
December 31, 2022. 
 
I. 
Key assumptions used for the calculations of recoverable amount 
 
i) Methodology 
 
The methodology used is the income approach using the Dividend Flow model discounted at Ke rate (discount rate). The income approach focuses on 
the income-producing capacity of an asset. The critical premise in this approach is that the value of an asset can be measured by the present value of the 
net economic benefit receivable over the useful life of the asset.  
 
The dividend flow methodology systematically integrates the key factors that affect the value of a business, among which the following stand out: 
 
- Business growth potential. 
- Compliance with liquidity and efficiency ratios required by the regulatory context. 
- Flow of distributable dividends. 
- Time horizon in which the market believes that management can obtain returns above the cost of capital. 
- Expected rate of return on equity. 
- Business risk. 
 
The first four factors determine cash flows, whereas the other two factors determine the discount rate used to obtain the present value of dividend flows. 
 
ii) Forecast period 
 
A time horizon of 6 years was considered with a perpetuity captured from an exit ratio based on comparable data from January 1, 2023 through December 
31, 2028.  
 
iii) Discount rate 
 
A shareholder discount rate, in Chilean pesos, of 14.70% was considered. 
 
The discount rate reflects both the time value of money and the risks inherent to the business and represents the return that would be required to invest 
in the Company. The discount rate should be consistent with the cash flow being used and accordingly, in the particular case of financial institutions, the 
dividend flow should be discounted at the cost of equity rate. 
 
II. 
Results from the evaluation of goodwill 
 
As a result of the impairment evaluation process described above, Management has concluded that the relationship between the recoverable amount and 
the carrying amount of the Financial Services CGU as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, is detailed as follows: 
 
 Goodwill 
  
As of December 31, 
2023 
2022 
Discount rate 
14.70% 
14.70%  
Recoverable amount/ carrying amount  
82.70% 
83.90% 
Impairment 
17.30% 
16.10%  
 
 
The recoverable amount for each intangible asset corresponds to the value in use, as it is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. 
 
 
F-218

--- Page 521 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 93 
 
 
Impairment of customer relationship 
 
i) 
At the time of purchase, Walmart Chile Servicios Financieros generated interest income associated with its customer portfolio, commissions for 
card use, commissions for insurance sales intermediation, and commissions for use of Líder cards in associated stores (Merchant Discount).  
 
ii) 
The value of the relationship with customers was estimated as the difference between the value of the discounted cash flows of the business 
considering the customer portfolio at the date of taking control ("With" business) minus the value of the discounted cash flows of the business 
without the portfolio and taking into account the time it would take to generate a portfolio of clients with these characteristics ("Without" 
business). 
 
iii) 
An annual attrition rate of 14.7% was considered based on historical data. The attrition rate was also used as the basis for estimating the 
amortization of this intangible asset. 
 
iv) 
The actual attrition rate between December 2020 and December 2021 amounts to 17.6%, which is above that considered in the PPA model. 
However, in December 2022 and September 2023, the attrition rate has been reduced reaching levels of -15.0% and -16.3%, respectively. 
 
 Customer Relationship 
  
As of December 31, 
2023 
Amortization (in MCh$) 
(13,567) 
Active customers 
546,586 
Attrition rate (%) 
16.30%  
 
NOTE 41 – EXPENSES FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 
a) The summary of the expense for credit losses for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is as follows: 
 
 December 31, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Expense for provisions for credit loss of loans 
(508,542) 
(484,580) 
Expense for special provisions for credit loss 
39,126 
(81,910) 
Recovery of written-off loans 
77,158 
78,217 
Impairment due to credit risk of other financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss 
(6,997) 
(6,597) 
Total 
(399,255) 
(494,870) 
 
b) The summary of credit risk allowance expense and credit loss expense for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is as follows: 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Expense for provisions recorded for loans during the year 
Normal Portfolio 
Substandard Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE Covid- 
19(i) 
Total 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual/group 
Individual 
Individual/group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Provisions used 
 (158) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (158) 
 -  
 (158) 
Subtotal 
 (158) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (158) 
 -  
 (158) 
Commercial loans 
Provisions recorded 
 10,408  
 -  
 -  
 19,799  
 92,382  
 122,589  
 -  
 122,589  
Provisions used 
 -  
 (3,255) 
 (1,226) 
 -  
 -  
 (4,481) 
 (10,526) 
 (15,007) 
Subtotal 
 10,408  
 (3,255) 
 (1,226) 
 19,799  
 92,382  
 118,108  
 (10,526) 
 107,582  
Mortgage loans 
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 4,540  
 -  
 -  
 21,850  
 26,390  
 -  
 26,390  
Provisions used 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 4,540  
 -  
 -  
 21,850  
 26,390  
 -  
 26,390  
Consumer loans 
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 395,887  
 395,887  
 -  
 395,887  
Provisions used 
 -  
 (21,159) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (21,159) 
 -  
 (21,159) 
Subtotal 
 -  
 (21,159) 
 -  
 -  
 395,887  
 374,728  
 -  
 374,728  
Expense of provisions recorded for 
loan credit risk: (A) 
 10,250  
 (19,874) 
 (1,226) 
 19,799  
 510,119  
 519,068  
 (10,526) 
 508,542  
Recovery of written-off loans: (B) (ii) 
Loans and advances to banks 
 -  
Commercial loans 
 25,880  
Mortgage loans 
 3,899  
Consumer Loans 
 47,379  
Subtotal 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
77,158 
Expense for loan losses: (AB) (ii) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
431,384 
F-219

--- Page 522 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 94 
 
 
December 31, 2022 
Expense for provisions recorded for loans during the year 
Normal Portfolio 
Substandard Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE Covid- 
19(i) 
Total 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual/group 
Individual 
Individual/group 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Provisions recorded 
199  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
199  
 -  
 199  
Provisions used 
 - 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
 - 
Subtotal 
 199 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 199 
 -  
199 
Commercial loans 
Provisions recorded 
9,308  
 2,979  
 -  
41,364  
 89,942  
 143,593  
 -  
143,593  
Provisions used 
 -  
 - 
 (5,641) 
 -  
 -  
 (5,641) 
 (9,534) 
 (15,175) 
Subtotal 
 9,308  
 2,979 
 (5,641) 
 41,364  
 89,942  
 137,952  
 (9,534) 
 128,418  
Mortgage loans 
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 20,471  
 20,471  
 -  
 20,471  
Provisions used 
 -  
 (4,417)  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (4,417)  
 -  
 (4,417)  
Subtotal 
 -  
(4,417) 
 -  
 -  
 20,471  
 16,054  
 -  
 16,054  
Consumer loans 
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 144,625  
 -  
 -  
 195,284  
 339,909  
 -  
 339,909  
Provisions used 
 -  
 - 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 - 
 -  
 - 
Subtotal 
 -  
 144,625 
 -  
 -  
 195,284  
 339,909  
 -  
339,909  
Expense of provisions recorded for 
loan credit risk: (A) 
 9,507  
 143,187 
 (5,641) 
 41,364  
 305,697  
 494,114  
 (9,534) 
484,580  
Recovery of written-off loans: (B) (ii) 
Loans and advances to banks 
 -  
Commercial loans 
29,896  
Mortgage loans 
 4,856  
Consumer Loans 
 43,465  
Subtotal 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
78,217 
Expense for loan losses: (AB) (ii) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
406,363 
 
c) The summary of the expense for special provisions for credit risk for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is as follows: 
 
December 31,  
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Expense of provisions for credit loss for contingent loans 
 (3,057) 
 (2,584) 
Loans and advances to banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 (4,436) 
 (4,599) 
Consumer Loans 
 1,379  
 2,015  
Expense of provisions for country risk for operations with debtors domiciled abroad 
 (460) 
 (1,577) 
Expense of special provisions for loans abroad 
 -  
 -  
Expense of additional provisions for loans 
 39,341  
 (66,685) 
Additional provisions for commercial loans 
 39,341  
 (47,785) 
Additional provisions for mortgage loans 
 -  
 (5,000) 
Additional provisions for consumer loans 
 -  
 (13,900) 
Expense of provisions for adjustments to the minimum provision required for normal portfolio with 
individual evaluation 
 3,302  
 (11,064) 
Expense of provisions constituted for credit risk as a result of complementary prudential requirements 
 -  
 -  
Total 
 39,126  
 (81,910) 
 
NOTE 42 – PROFIT OR LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 
The Bank has no results from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, 
 
 
F-220

--- Page 523 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 95 
 
 
NOTE 43 – RELATED PARTIES DISCLOSURES 
 
a) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 the assets and liabilities for transactions with related parties are as follows: 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Related Party Type 
Parent entity (i) 
Other legal entity (ii) 
Key personnel 
of the 
Consolidated 
Bank (iii) 
Other related 
parties (iv) 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss: 
                     -  
                     -  
 88  
 312  
 400  
Financial derivative contracts 
                      -  
                      -  
 88  
 312  
 400  
Debt financial instruments 
                      -  
                      -  
                      -  
                      -  
                      -  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
                     -  
                     -  
                     -  
                     -  
                     -  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
                     -  
                     -  
                     -  
   39  
39  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
                     -  
                     -  
                     -  
                     -  
                     -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
                      -  
                      -  
                      -  
                      -  
                      -  
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
 1  
 9,415  
 4,631  
 297,950  
 311,997  
Rights for reverse repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 318  
 318  
Debt financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Loans and receivables from customers - Commercial 
 1  
 9,436  
 817  
 219,293  
 229,547  
Loans and receivables from customers - Mortgage 
 -  
 -  
 3,516  
 71,391  
 74,907  
Loans and receivables from customers - Consumption 
 -  
 -  
 302  
 9,092  
 9,394  
Provisions for credit loss 
 -  
 (21)  
 (4)  
 (2,144)  
 (2,169)  
Other assets 
 37  
 6,546  
 -  
 7,271  
 13,854  
Contingent loans 
 26  
 83,141  
 1,392  
 65,244  
 149,803  
LIABILITIES 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or 
loss 
 -  
 -  
 88  
 310  
 398  
Financial derivative contracts 
 -  
 -  
 88  
 310  
 398  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost: 
 8  
 40,709  
 7,571  
 298,131  
 346,419  
Deposits and other on-demand deposits 
 8  
 32,611  
 1,098  
 86,994  
 120,711  
Deposits and other term deposits 
 -  
 8,098  
 6,473  
 180,019  
 194,590  
Obligations for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 318  
 318  
Bank borrowings 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Debt financial instruments issued 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 30,800  
 30,800  
Other financial obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Lease liabilities 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other liabilities 
 -  
 1,536  
 7  
 16,989  
 18,532  
 
As of December 31, 2022 
Related Party Type 
Parent entity (i) 
Other legal entity (ii) 
Key personnel 
of the 
Consolidated 
Bank (iii) 
Other related 
parties (iv) 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
Financial assets to be traded at fair value through profit or loss: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial derivative contracts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Debt financial instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets not held for trading compulsorily valued at fair 
value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting coverage 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
- 
5,380 
6,130 
224,615 
236,125 
Rights for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
- 
- 
868 
129 
997 
Debt financial instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Loans and accounts receivable from customers - Commercial 
- 
5,392 
844 
147,344 
153,580 
Loans and accounts receivable from customers - Housing 
- 
- 
4,098 
68,009 
72,107 
Loans and accounts receivable from customers - Consumption 
- 
- 
326 
9,717 
10,043 
Provisions made for credit risk 
- 
(12) 
(6) 
(584) 
(602) 
Other assets 
20 
8,308 
 -  
 29,469  
 37,797  
Contingent loans 
27 
75,698 
1,378 
43,362 
120,465 
LIABILITIES 
Financial liabilities to be traded at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial derivative contracts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting coverage 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost: 
5 
91,203 
8,610 
368,939 
468,757 
Deposits and other on-demand deposits 
5 
30,597 
346 
84,987 
115,935 
Deposits and other term deposits 
- 
60,606 
7,385 
283,636 
351,627 
Obligations for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
- 
- 
879 
129 
1,008 
Bank borrowings 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Debt financial instruments issued 
- 
- 
- 
187 
187 
Other financial obligations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Lease liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other liabilities 
- 
1,158 
- 
24,311 
25,469 
 
 
F-221

--- Page 524 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 96 
 
b) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022. Income and expenses from related party transactions, is as follows: 
December 31, 2023 
Related Party Type 
Parent entity (i) 
Other legal entity (ii) 
Key personnel of the 
Consolidated Bank (iii) 
Other related parties (iv) 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Interest income 
 -  
 1,372  
 137  
 17,151  
 18,660  
Inflation-indexation income 
 -  
 5  
 219  
 4,991  
 5,215  
Fee income 
 304  
 7,694  
 144  
 58,905  
 67,047  
Net financial result 
 -  
 171,569  
 -  
 6,500  
 178,069  
Other income 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 19  
 19  
Total income 
 304  
 180,640  
 500  
 87,566  
 269,010  
Interest expense 
 -  
 (1,780)  
 (678)  
 (11,706)  
 (14,164)  
Inflation-indexation expense 
 -  
 (129)  
 (36)  
 (201)  
 (366)  
Commission expense 
 -  
 (359)  
 (1)  
 (249)  
 (609)  
Credit loss expense 
 -  
 (61)  
 2  
 (1,146)  
 (1,205)  
Expenses for employee benefit obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Administrative expenses 
 -  
 2,369  
 -  
 13,417  
 15,786  
Other expenses 
 (1)  
 (66)  
 (19)  
 (519)  
 (605)  
Total expenses 
 (1)  
 (26)  
 (732)  
 (404)  
 (1,163)  
 
As of December 31, 2022 
Related Party Type 
Parent entity (i) 
Other legal entity (ii) 
Key personnel of the 
Consolidated Bank (iii) 
Other related parties (iv) 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Interest income 
 -  
 605  
 102  
 11,162  
 11,869  
Inflation-indexation income 
 -  
 56  
 589  
 15,531  
 16,176  
Fee income 
 378  
 9,246  
 117  
 76,874  
 86,615  
Net financial result 
 -  
 (93,337) 
 -  
 (36,712) 
 (130,049) 
Other income 
 -  
 -  
 19  
 249  
 268  
Total income 
 378  
 (83,430) 
 827  
 67,104  
 (15,121) 
Interest expense 
 -  
 (1,449) 
 (418) 
 (5,152) 
 (7,019) 
Inflation-indexation expense 
 -  
 (310) 
 (52) 
 (673) 
 (1,035) 
Commission expense 
 -  
 (19) 
 (1) 
 (197) 
 (217) 
Credit loss expense 
 -  
 411  
 5  
 398  
 814  
Expenses for employee benefit obligations 
 -  
 -  
 (32) 
 (65) 
 (97) 
Administrative expenses 
 -  
 (1,757) 
 -  
 (1,516) 
 (3,273) 
Other expenses 
 (1) 
 (58) 
 (19) 
 (474) 
 (552) 
Total expenses 
 (1) 
 (3,182) 
 (517) 
 (7,679) 
 (11,379) 
 
c) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, related-party transactions in the period are as follows: 
 
December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
Business name 
Nature of the 
relationship 
with the 
bank 
Description of the transaction 
Transactions 
under equivalence 
conditions to those 
transactions with 
mutual 
independence 
between the parties 
Amount 
Effect on the 
Statement of Income 
Effect on the Statement 
of Financial Position 
Income 
Expense 
Receivables 
Payables 
Type of service 
Term 
Renewal Conditions 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Collection service and 
use of channels, 
suitcase 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
2,703 
2,703 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
brand use 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
1,656 
1,656 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Suitcase 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
158 
158 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Use of channels 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
552 
552 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Marketing 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
204 
- 
204 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Financial Bond 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
8,399 
- 
433 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Bank charges 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
238 
184 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Commissions for 
collection Servicios 
Financieros y 
Administración de 
Créditos Comerciales 
S.A. 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
3,806 
2,926 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Brokerage commissions 
SSFF Corredores de 
Seguros y Gestión 
Financiera Ltda. 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
10,371 
10,371 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
brand use 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
1,656 
1,656 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Use of channels 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
552 
552 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Marketing 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
1,425 
- 
1,425 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Commissions use of 
Channel 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
411 
345 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Time Deposits 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
5,991 
- 
1,373 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Financial Bond 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
14,396 
- 
520 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Subordinated bond 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
296 
- 
22 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Insurance 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
8,868 
- 
7,644 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Brokerage commissions 
SSFF Corredores de 
Seguros y Gestión 
Financiera Ltda. 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
2,911 
2,451 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros Generales S.A. 
Other 
Brokerage commissions 
BCI CCSS 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
39,500 
39,500 
- 
- 
- 
Zenit General Insurance SA 
Other 
Investments at Fair 
Value, Financial Bond 
Annual 
NA 
No 
590 
- 
130 
- 
- 
Artikos Chile S.A. 
Joint venture 
Procurement service 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 1 year 
Yes 
1,287 
- 
1,287 
- 
- 
Boston Consulting Group 
Other 
Strategic consulting 
Defined 
Defined 
Yes 
1,812 
- 
1,812 
- 
- 
Centro de Compensación Automatizado 
S.A. 
Other 
Electronic banking 
transactions 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 1 year. 
Yes 
2,578 
- 
2,578 
- 
- 
Combanc S.A. 
associate 
Compensation and high 
value payments 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
596 
- 
596 
- 
- 
Comder Contraparte Central S.A. 
associate 
bank processing 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
1,673 
- 
1,673 
- 
- 
Conexxion Spa 
Other 
postal mail service 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 1 year. 
Yes 
241 
- 
241 
- 
- 
DCV Registros S.A. 
Other 
Administration 
shareholder registry 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
150 
- 
150 
- 
- 
Demos una Oportunidad al Menor 
Other 
Corporation 
Defined  
Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
258 
- 
258 
- 
- 
Depósitos Central de Valores S.A. 
Other 
Custody of financial 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
654 
- 
654 
- 
- 
F-222

--- Page 525 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 97 
 
December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
Business name 
Nature of the 
relationship 
with the 
bank 
Description of the transaction 
Transactions 
under equivalence 
conditions to those 
transactions with 
mutual 
independence 
between the parties 
Amount 
Effect on the 
Statement of Income 
Effect on the Statement 
of Financial Position 
Income 
Expense 
Receivables 
Payables 
Type of service 
Term 
Renewal Conditions 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
instruments 
Digitech Solutions S.A. 
Other 
Digitalization of 
documents 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
152 
- 
152 
- 
- 
Inmobiliaria Anya S.A. 
Other 
Real estate projects 
8 years  
Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
154 
- 
154 
- 
- 
Inmobiliaria JY S.P.A 
Other 
Real estate projects 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
280 
- 
280 
- 
- 
Inmobiliaria SB S.P.A. 
Other 
Office rental 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
166 
- 
166 
- 
- 
Jordan (Chile) S.A. 
common 
controller 
Printing of forms 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 1 year. 
Yes 
2,759 
- 
2,759 
- 
- 
Redbank SA 
associate 
ATM operation 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 3 years. 
Yes 
7,790 
- 
7,790 
- 
- 
Salcobrand S.A. 
common 
controller 
ATM's space for rent 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 1 year. 
Yes 
252 
- 
252 
- 
- 
Servipag Ltda. 
joint venture 
Collection and payment 
of services 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
4,414 
- 
4,414 
- 
- 
 
Transbank SA 
 
Other 
Administration of credit 
cards and income from 
the use of credit cards 
 
Undefined 
 
Automatic renewal every 2 years. 
 
Yes 
2,103 
549 
1,554 
- 
- 
 
 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
Business name 
Nature of the 
relationship 
with the 
bank 
Description of the transaction 
Transactions 
under equivalence 
conditions to those 
transactions with 
mutual 
independence 
between the parties 
Amount 
Effect on the 
Statement of Income 
Effect on the Statement 
of Financial Position 
Income 
Expense 
Receivables 
Payables 
Type of service 
Term 
Renewal Conditions 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Artikos Chile S.A. 
Joint venture 
Procurement service 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 1 year 
Yes 
1,122 
- 
1,122 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Collection service and 
use of channels, suitcase Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
2,623 
2,623 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
brand use 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
1,580 
1,580 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Suitcase 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
190 
190 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Use of channels 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
527 
527 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Marketing 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
524 
524 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Subordinated bond 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
433 
- 
94 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Financial Bond 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
8,126 
- 
907 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Bank charges 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
232 
- 
195 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Commissions for 
collection 
Servicios 
Financieros y 
Administración 
de 
Créditos Comerciales 
S.A. 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
 
 
Yes 
7,903 
6,641 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Insurance 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
5,842 
- 
4,356 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Brokerage commissions 
SSFF Corredores 
de Seguros y 
Gestión 
Financiera Ltda. 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
 
Yes 
6,752 
5,556 
- 
- 
- 
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Brokerage commissions 
BCI CCSS 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
36,712 
36,712 
- 
- 
- 
Zenit General Insurance SA 
Other 
Investments at Fair 
Value, Financial Bond 
Annual 
NA 
No 
1,161 
- 
129 
- 
- 
Centro de Compensación Automatizado 
S.A. 
Other 
Electronic banking 
transactions 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 1 year. 
Yes 
2,274 
- 
2,274 
- 
- 
Combanc S.A. 
associate 
Compensation and high 
value payments 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
517 
- 
517 
- 
- 
Comder Contraparte Central S.A. 
associate 
bank processing 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
1,453 
- 
1,453 
- 
- 
Conexxion Spa 
Other 
postal mail service 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 1 year. 
Yes 
240 
- 
240 
- 
- 
Inmobiliaria JY S.P.A 
Other 
Real estate projects 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
256 
- 
256 
- 
- 
Jordan (Chile) S.A. 
common 
controller 
Printing of forms 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 1 year. 
Yes 
2,728 
- 
2,728 
- 
- 
Redbank SA 
associate 
ATM operation 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 3 years. 
Yes 
8,673 
- 
8,673 
- 
- 
Salcobrand S.A. 
common 
controller 
ATM's space for rent 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 1 year. 
Yes 
246 
- 
246 
- 
- 
Servipag Ltda. 
joint venture 
Collection and payment 
of services 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
4,429 
- 
4,429 
- 
- 
Inmobiliaria SB SPA 
Other 
Office rental 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
152 
- 
152 
- 
- 
Boston Consulting Group 
Other 
Strategic consulting 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
5,846 
- 
5,846 
- 
- 
Demos una Oportunidad al Menor 
Other 
Social donations 
Defined 
52 Months (4 years and 4 months) 
Yes 
271 
- 
271 
- 
- 
 
Transbank SA 
Other 
Administration of 
credit cards and 
income from 
the use of credit cards 
Undefined Automatic renewal every 2 years. 
 
Yes 
2,234 
714 
1,520 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-223

--- Page 526 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 98 
 
d) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the compensation of the key personnel of the Bank and its subsidiaries is as follows: 
 
As of December, 
2023 
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Directors: 
Payment of salaries and expenses of the Board of Directors - Bank and Bank Subsidiaries 
 7,032  
 6,285  
Key personnel of the Management of the Bank and its Subsidiaries: 
 
 
Payment for short-term term employee benefits 
 33,841  
 32,819  
Payment for benefits to post-employment employees 
 -  
 -  
Payment for benefits to long-term employees 
 -  
 -  
Payment for benefits to employees for termination of employment contract 
 -  
 -  
Payment to employees based on shares or equity instruments 
 -  
 -  
Payment for obligations for defined contribution post-employment plans 
 -  
 -  
Payment for obligations for post-employment defined benefit plans 
 -  
 -  
Payment for other staff obligations 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal - Payments for employee benefit obligations: 
 33,841  
 32,819  
TOTAL 
 40,873  
 39,104  
 
e) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Bank presents Number of key management personnel members of the Bank and its Subsidiaries: 
 
 
As of December 31, 
2023 
2022 
Number of Executives 
Directors: 
Directors - Bank and Bank Subsidiaries 
 89  
 89  
Key personnel of the Management of the Bank and its Subsidiaries: 
General Manager - Bank 
 1  
 1  
General managers - Bank subsidiaries 
 16  
 16  
Division/Area Managers - Bank 
 11  
 11  
Division/Area Managers - Bank Subsidiaries 
 80  
 68  
Subtotal 
 108 
 96  
TOTAL 
 197  
185  
F-224

--- Page 527 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 99 
 
 
NOTE 44 – FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
Assets and liabilities at fair value 
The following table summarizes the carrying amounts and fair values of the main financial assets and liabilities not presented in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements at their fair values. 
 
As of December 31, 
2023 
2022 
Carrying 
amount 
Fair Values 
Carrying 
amount 
Fair Values 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
Cash and bank deposits 
3,619,715 
3,619,715 
4,256,396 
4,256,396 
Transactions in course of collection 
475,440 
475,440 
404,209 
404,209 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
7,088,697 
7,088,697 
7,680,615 
7,680,615 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
58,963 
58,963 
71,282 
71,282 
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
8,991,137 
8,991,137 
10,477,361 
10,477,361 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
1,999,433 
1,999,433 
1,788,851 
1,788,851 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
53,769,837 
58,083,376 
49,830,891 
54,297,122 
Total assets 
76,003,222 
80,316,761 
74,509,605 
78,975,836 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
429,959 
429,959 
330,138 
330,138 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
5,625,481 
5,625,481 
6,584,736 
6,584,736 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
2,535,841 
2,535,841 
2,590,468 
2,590,468 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
59,937,499 
63,899,190 
59,760,444 
63,862,236 
Total liabilities 
68,528,780 
72,490,471 
69,265,786 
73,367,578 
 
The fair value estimates presented above do not attempt to estimate the value of the Bank's earnings, generated by its business, or future activities, and 
therefore, do not represent the value of the Bank as a going concern, Loans are shown net of provisions. 
 
The methods used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments are detailed below. 
 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
 
This account includes Loans and receivables from customers and repurchase agreements. 
 
Loans and receivables from customers are shown net of their provision for credit or impairment risk, the estimated fair value of loans represents the 
discounted amount of future cash flows expected to be received. 
Cash flows are discounted at the base market interest rate; in this case, we use an interbank rate, considering the relevant term and currency.  
The criteria used for the incorporation of credit risk of the assets considered for these purposes are: 
1. From the expected loss estimation models. It is possible to infer about the credit quality of the portfolio (at least in qualitative terms). For the 
residual term of the operations that make up the asset accounts considered (commercial loans, mortgage loans for housing and consumer loans). 
2. In quantitative terms. The provision percentage assigned to an operation is an approximation variable to the credit profile of said operation. 
3. The amount resulting from applying the 'provisions/total loans' factor to the present value of the respective loans is an approximation of the 
adjustment for credit risk. 
 
Liabilities at amortized cost 
 
In this section we include on-demand and term deposits, bank borrowings and debt instruments issued. 
 
The estimated fair value of on demand accounts and deposits, that is, without an established term. Including those accounts that do not accrue interest, 
is the amount to be paid when the client demands it. Therefore, the amortized cost of these deposits is a reasonable approximation of their fair value. 
 
The fair value of term deposits has been estimated based on discounted future cash flows based on interest rate structures adjusted from transactions 
observed at the measurement date. 
The fair value of liabilities with financial institutions has been determined using discounted cash flow models, based on the relevant interest rate curve for 
the remaining term of the instrument until maturity. 
The fair value of these liabilities has been determined using discounted cash flow models, based on the relevant interest rate curve for the remaining term 
of the instrument until maturity. 
Financial assets and liabilities held for trading through profit or loss 
The fair value of financial assets and liabilities (fixed income instruments classified as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. 
In addition to Derivative instruments) is estimated using the valuation techniques detailed in the following letters. 
Financial instruments measured at fair value 
Please refer to Note 2, letter j) for further details on the criteria used to determine fair value. 
 
F-225

--- Page 528 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 100 
 
Hierarchy used to determine fair value 
The regulations distinguish between different hierarchies of inputs used for valuation techniques, discriminating between “observable” or 
“unobservable” inputs. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, and unobservable inputs reflect the assumptions of 
the Bank and subsidiaries in relation to market behavior. From these two types of inputs, the following hierarchy has been created: 
Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities to those being measured. This level includes debt instruments, 
whether they are fixed or variable income, equity instruments and derivative financial instruments traded on local or international stock markets. 
Level 2 – Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable inputs directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from 
prices) for assets and liabilities. This category includes prices that require interpolation within a price structure, such as derivative instruments. The same 
occurs with bonds valued with some valuation technique such as interpolation or matrix pricing, based on inputs that are observable. 
Level 3 – Inputs that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). This level includes equity and debt instruments that have significant 
unobservable inputs. 
This hierarchy requires that when there are observable market data, they are used. The Bank and subsidiaries consider observable relevant market data 
in their valuations whenever possible. 
Non-recurring assets and liabilities are presented below according to the hierarchy to determine the fair value. 
As of December 31, 2023 
Total 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
58,083,376 
 -  
58,083,376 
 -  
Total 
58,083,376 
 -  
58,083,376 
 -  
Liabilities 
Financial liability at amortized cost 
63,899,190 
 -  
63,899,190 
 -  
Total 
63,899,190 
 -  
63,899,190 
 -  
 
As of December 31, 2022 
Total 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
54,297,122 
- 
54,297,122 
- 
Total 
54,297,122 
- 
54,297,122 
- 
Liabilities 
Financial liability at amortized cost 
63,862,236 
- 
63,862,236 
- 
Total 
63,862,236 
- 
63,862,236 
- 
 
The Bank and Subsidiaries have not made transfers of financial assets or liabilities between levels 1, 2 and 3 as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
FINANCIAL ASSETS 
 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss: 
 1,087,760  
 6,000,876  
 61  
 7,088,697  
Financial derivative contracts 
 -  
 6,000,876  
 61  
 6,000,937  
Debt instruments 
 974,506  
 -  
 -  
 974,506  
Other Financial Instruments 
 113,254  
 -  
 -  
 113,254  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 58,963  
 58,963  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
 8,896,697  
 -  
 94,440  
 8,991,137  
Debt financial instruments 
 8,896,697  
 -  
 94,440  
 8,991,137  
Other Financial Instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 -  
 1,999,433  
 -  
 1,999,433  
Total financial assets 
 9,984,457  
 8,000,309  
 153,464  
 18,138,230  
 
 
 
 
 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 5,625,481  
 -  
 5,625,481  
Financial derivative contracts 
 -  
 5,625,481  
 -  
 5,625,481  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for hedging 
 -  
 2,535,841  
 -  
 2,535,841  
Total financial liabilities 
 -  
 8,161,322  
 -  
 8,161,322  
 
 
 
 
F-226

--- Page 529 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 101 
As of December 31, 2022 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
FINANCIAL ASSETS 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss: 
909,962 
6,770,350 
303 
7,680,615 
Financial derivative contracts 
- 
6,770,350 
303 
6,770,653 
Debt instruments 
770,101 
- 
- 
770,101 
Other Financial Instruments 
139,861 
- 
- 
139,861 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
71,282 
- 
- 
71,282 
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
10,393,918 
- 
83,443 
10,477,361 
Debt financial instruments 
10,393,918 
- 
83,443 
10,477,361 
Other Financial Instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
- 
1,788,851 
- 
1,788,851 
Total financial assets 
11,375,162 
8,559,201 
83,746 
20,018,109 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
6,584,736 
- 
6,584,736 
Financial derivative contracts 
- 
6,584,736 
- 
6,584,736 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial derivative contracts for hedging 
- 
2,590,468 
- 
2,590,468 
Total financial liabilities 
- 
9,175,204 
- 
9,175,204 
 
a) Valuation of La Polar Bonds 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Bank has applied valuation techniques to determine the fair value of the financial instruments “BLAPO-F” and 
“BLAPO- G”. Such valuation is based on the IRR of the last existing market transaction between the closing date of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements and the exchange date of said financial instrument. 
b) Level 3 Reconciliation 
 
Value changes in level 3 financial assets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022 are explained by the following reconciliation table: 
 
As of December31, 2023 
 
Reconciliation level 3 
 
Opening balance 
Gain (loss) 
recognized in 
profit or loss 
Gain (loss) 
recognized in 
Equity 
Net of purchase, 
sales, and 
agreements 
 
Transfers from 
level 1 and 2 
 
Closing balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets 
Derivative Contracts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Swaps 
303 
(242) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
61 
Call Options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put Options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets not held 
for trading mandatorily 
measured at fair value  
71,282 
(12,319) 
- 
- 
- 
58,963 
Financial assets at fair 
value  
83,443 
- 
10,997 
- 
- 
94,440 
Total 
155,028 
(12,561) 
 10,997  
 -  
 -  
153,464 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Derivative Contracts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Call Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Put Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
Reconciliation level 3 
 
Opening balance 
Gain (loss) 
recognized in profit 
or loss 
Gain (loss) 
recognized in 
Equity 
Net of purchase, 
sales, and 
agreements 
 
Transfers from  
level 1 and 2 
 
Closing balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets 
Derivative Contracts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Swaps 
1,127 
(824) 
- 
- 
- 
303 
Call Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Put Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets not held 
for trading mandatorily 
measured at fair value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
71,282 
71,282 
Financial assets at fair 
value  
- 
- 
- 
- 
83,443 
83,443 
Total 
1,127 
(824) 
- 
- 
154,725 
155,028 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Derivative Contracts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Call Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Put Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
F-227

--- Page 530 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 102 
NOTE 45 – MATURITY OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AS PER THEIR REMAINING TERMS 
a) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022. The new contractual maturities according to remaining terms of financial assets and liabilities, are as 
follows: 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
On-demand 
 
Up to a month 
More than one 
month and 
three months 
More than 
three months 
up to one year 
Between 1 
year and 3 
years 
More than 3 
years up to 5 
years 
More than 
five years 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
Cash and bank deposits 
 3,619,715  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 3,619,715  
Transactions in course of collection 
 -  
 475,440  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 475,440  
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -  
 632,008  
 813,056  
 1,842,147  
 1,807,749  
 812,869  
 1,180,868  
 7,088,697  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 2,607  
 4,371  
 10,972  
 11,330  
 4,884  
 24,799  
 58,963  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 -  
 397,503  
 666,592  
 1,673,018  
 1,727,606  
 744,777  
 3,781,641  
 8,991,137  
Financial derivative contracts for hedge accounting 
 -  
 50,014  
 51,601  
 422,217  
 555,065  
 320,955  
 599,581  
 1,999,433  
Financial assets at amortized cost 
 -  
 10,895,646  
 3,678,635  
 7,737,995  
 7,480,762  
 4,718,764  
 19,258,035  
 53,769,837  
Total assets 
 3,619,715  
 12,453,218  
 5,214,255  
 11,686,349  
 11,582,512  
 6,602,249  
 24,844,924  
 76,003,222  
LIABILITIES 
Transactions in course of payment 
 -  
 429,959  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 429,959  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair 
value through profit or loss 
 -  
 531,298  
 691,688  
 1,528,363  
 1,322,670  
 689,404  
 862,058  
 5,625,481  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 -  
 69,525  
 65,419  
 533,471  
 706,272  
 389,175  
 771,979  
 2,535,841  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
 23,810,298  
 10,501,589  
 6,866,973  
 11,107,206  
 2,097,952  
 2,648,959  
 2,904,522  
 59,937,499  
Lease liabilities 
 -  
 1,483  
 3,745  
 12,776  
 42,880  
 58,029  
 10,436  
 129,349  
Issued regulatory capital financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 30,368  
 59,298  
 51,388  
 1,410,237  
 1,551,291  
Total Liabilities 
 23,810,298  
 11,533,854  
 7,627,825  
 13,212,184  
 4,229,072  
 3,836,955  
 5,959,232  
 70,209,420  
Net mismatch between financial assets and liabilities 
 (20,190,583) 
 919,364  
 (2,413,570) 
 (1,525,835) 
 7,353,440  
 2,765,294  
 18,885,692  
 5,793,802  
 
December 31, 2022 
 
On-demand 
 
Up to a month 
More than one 
month and 
three months 
More than 
three months 
up to one year 
Between 1 
year and 3 
years 
More than 3 
years up to 5 
years 
More than 
five years 
 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
Cash and bank deposits 
 4,256,396  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 4,256,396  
Transactions in course of collection 
 -  
 404,209  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 404,209  
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -  
 617,286  
 789,479  
 1,982,622  
 2,047,161  
 1,188,390  
 1,055,677  
 7,680,615  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 32,002  
 1,449  
 9,773  
 7,537  
 4,673  
 15,848  
 71,282  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 -  
 4,703,904  
 213,020  
 1,436,419  
 1,107,804  
 686,846  
 2,329,368  
 10,477,361  
Financial derivative contracts for hedge accounting 
 -  
 14,268  
 68,107  
 274,450  
 563,104  
 385,633  
 483,289  
 1,788,851  
Financial assets at amortized cost 
 -  
 11,216,391  
 3,166,941  
 6,441,563  
 7,235,662  
 4,231,119  
 17,539,215  
 49,830,891  
Total assets 
 4,256,396  
16,988,060  
 4,238,996  
 10,144,827  
 10,961,268  
 6,496,661  
 21,423,397  
 74,509,605  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transactions in course of payment 
 -  
 330,138  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 330,138  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 -  
 511,967  
 603,412  
 1,730,518  
 1,701,356  
 892,406  
 1,145,077  
 6,584,736  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 -  
 49,578  
 77,961  
 461,040  
 768,065  
 452,455  
 781,369  
 2,590,468  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
 -  
 24,503,023  
 6,334,141  
 4,716,604  
 7,250,380  
 1,729,546  
 15,226,750  
 59,760,444  
Lease liabilities 
 -  
 1,565  
 3,951  
 13,478  
 45,232  
 61,214  
 11,008  
 136,448  
Issued regulatory capital financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 29,796  
 57,835  
 56,033  
 1,355,635  
 1,499,299  
Total Liabilities 
 -  
 25,396,271  
 7,019,465  
 6,951,436  
 9,822,868  
 3,191,654  
 18,519,839  
 70,901,533  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net mismatch between financial assets and liabilities 
 4,256,396  
 (8,408,211) 
 (2,780,469) 
 3,193,391  
 1,138,400  
 3,305,007  
 2,903,558  
 3,608,072  
 
F-228

--- Page 531 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 103 
NOTE 46 – FINANCIAL AND NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES BY CURRENCY 
a) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, financial and non-financial assets and liabilities by currency are detailed as follows: 
 
 
As of  December 31, 2023 
 
 
Chilean pesos 
 
Adjustable by 
CT 
 
 
US dollars 
 
Colombian 
pesos 
 
Pound 
sterling 
 
 
Euro 
 
Swiss francs 
 
 
yen 
 
Chinese 
yuan 
Other 
Foreign 
Currencies 
 
 
Total 
CLP 
UF 
CT 
USD 
COP 
GBP 
EUR 
CHF 
JPY 
CNY 
OTHER 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSET 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and bank deposits 
 1,067,688  
 -  
 -  
 2,324,295  
 -  
 3,638  
 75,743  
 1,752  
 34,716  
 7,326  
 104,557  
 3,619,715  
Transactions in course of collection 
 268,971  
 -  
 -  
 167,086  
 -  
 74  
 38,698  
 148  
 75  
 -  
 388  
 475,440  
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 6,553,290  
 432,637  
 -  
 102,051  
 14  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 705  
 7,088,697  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 58,963  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 58,963  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or 
loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 2,547,336  
 1,983,849  
 -  
 4,309,623  
 -  
 -  
 93,720  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 56,609  
 8,991,137  
Financial derivative contracts for hedge accounting 
 1,458,124  
 74,914  
 -  
 2,736  
 -  
 -  
 45  
 462,528  
 19  
 -  
 1,067  
 1,999,433  
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
 12,659,715  
 16,493,364  
 150,119  
 24,112,962  
 -  
 -  
 61,206  
 -  
 9,648  
 -  
 282,823  
53,769,837  
Investments in companies 
 38,090  
 -  
 -  
 125,046  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 163,136  
Intangible Assets 
 246,780  
 -  
 30,973  
 158,807  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 9,986  
 446,546  
Property and equipment 
 198,434  
 -  
 -  
 53,620  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,560  
 253,614  
Right-of-use assets 
 14,164  
 79,865  
 -  
 48,542  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,315  
 143,886  
Current tax assets 
 158,993  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 325  
 159,318  
Deferred tax assets 
 367,066  
 -  
 -  
 123,211  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 2,184  
 492,461  
Other assets 
 497,599  
 52  
 42,239  
 1,044,835  
 -  
 -  
 (652) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 8,912  
 1,592,985  
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale 
 45,985  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 45,985  
Total assets 
 26,122,235  
 19,064,681  
 223,331  
 32,631,777  
 14  
 3,712  
 268,760  
 464,428  
 44,458  
 7,326  
 470,431  
 79,301,153  
 
LIABILITIES 
Transactions in course of payment 
 202,754  
 -  
 -  
 213,439  
 -  
 2,467  
 9,515  
 -  
 -  
 1,622  
 162  
 429,959  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value 
 5,583,270  
 -  
 -  
 33,837  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 8,374  
 5,625,481  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 740,410  
 1,328,076  
 -  
 467,355  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 2,535,841  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
22,035,899  
 5,745,874  
 -  
 30,603,112  
 -  
 746  
 101,425  
 978,716  
 84,287  
 4,535  
 382,905  
59,937,499  
Lease liabilities 
 -  
 89,209  
 -  
 38,855  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,285  
 129,349  
Issued regulatory capital financial instruments 
 -  
 1,551,291  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,551,291  
Provisions for contingencies 
 145,423  
 -  
 -  
 53,302  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,050  
 199,775  
Provisions for dividends, payment of interest and 
revaluation of regulatory capital financial instruments 
issued 
 204,740  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 204,740  
Special provisions for credit loss 
 405,961  
 -  
 -  
 46,149  
 -  
 -  
 243  
 31  
 -  
 -  
 14  
 452,398  
Current tax 
 7,349  
 -  
 -  
 26,310  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 33,659  
Deferred tax 
 2,106  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 2,106  
Other liabilities 
 511,307  
 297,706  
 10,343  
 1,310,704  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,619  
 2,131,679  
 
Liabilities included in disposal groups held for sale 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total liabilities 
 29,839,219  
 9,012,156  
 10,343  
 32,793,063  
 -  
 3,213  
 111,183  
 978,747  
 84,287  
 6,157  
 395,409  
 73,233,777  
 
Mismatches by currency as of December 310, 2023 
 (3,716,984) 
10,052,525  
 212,988  
 (161,286) 
 14  
 499  
 157,577  
 (514,319) 
(39,829) 
 1,169  
 75,022  
 6,067,376  
 
 
 
F-229

--- Page 532 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 104 
 
 
December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
Chilean pesos 
Adjustable 
by    
Exchange 
rate 
 
 
 
Us dollars 
 
 
Colombian 
pesos 
 
 
Pound 
sterling 
 
 
 
Euro 
 
 
Swiss 
francs 
 
 
 
Yen 
 
 
Chinese 
yuan 
 
Other 
Foreign 
Currencies 
 
 
 
Total 
CLP 
UF 
ER 
USD 
COP 
GBP 
EUR 
CHF 
JPY 
CNY 
OTHER 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSET 
Cash and bank deposits 
1,532,258 
- 
- 
2,599,848 
- 
2,774 
55,165 
5,887 
8,598 
3,117 
48,749 
4,256,396 
Transactions in course of collection 
182,046 
- 
- 
191,837 
- 
74 
30,065 
44 
88 
- 
55 
404,209 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through 
profit or loss 
7,091,044 
457,807 
- 
131,749 
15 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
7,680,615 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
71,282 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
71,282 
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or 
loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
4,366,177 
1,746,743 
- 
4,227,268 
- 
- 
123,142 
- 
- 
- 
14,031 
10,477,361 
Financial derivative contracts for hedge accounting 
1,458,464 
64,779 
- 
1,089 
- 
- 
42 
263,436 
20 
- 
1,021 
1,788,851 
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
12,623,917 
15,146,723 
133,826 
21,700,978 
- 
425 
79,822 
- 
43,542 
1,827 
99,831 
49,830,891 
Investments in companies 
35,119 
- 
- 
140,617 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
175,736 
Intangible Assets 
200,338 
- 
36,327 
164,988 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
9,356 
411,009 
Property and equipment 
193,559 
- 
- 
53,950 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,596 
249,105 
Right-of-use assets 
19,828 
85,678 
- 
45,976 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,404 
152,886 
Current tax assets 
137,908 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
158 
138,066 
Deferred tax assets 
350,871 
- 
- 
130,265 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,578 
482,714 
Other assets 
409,236 
48 
40,941 
1,437,323 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
7,516 
1,895,064 
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale 
34,934 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
34,934 
Total assets 
28,635,699 
17,501,778 
211,094 
30,897,170 
15 
3,273 
288,236 
269,367 
52,248 
4,944 
185,295 
78,049,119 
 
LIABILITIES 
Transactions in course of payment 
177,910 
- 
- 
145,710 
- 
3 
6,325 
19 
- 
171 
- 
330,138 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value 
6,535,373 
- 
- 
49,363 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
6,584,736 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit 
or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
825,245 
1,426,917 
- 
337,767 
- 
- 
- 
539 
- 
- 
- 
2,590,468 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
22,584,996 
5,937,240 
1 
30,096,130 
- 
2,675 
123,641 
739,007 
66,695 
4,424 
205,635 
59,760,444 
Lease liabilities 
- 
100,064 
- 
35,001 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,383 
136,448 
Issued regulatory capital financial instruments 
- 
1,499,299 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,499,299 
Provisions for contingencies 
158,568 
- 
- 
68,351 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
797 
227,716 
Provisions for dividends, payment of interest and 
revaluation of regulatory capital financial instruments 
issued 
246,247 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
246,247 
Special provisions for credit loss 
455,437 
- 
- 
34,955 
- 
- 
639 
18 
2 
1 
3 
491,055 
Current tax 
1,131 
- 
- 
16,362 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
17,493 
Deferred tax 
1,612 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,612 
Other liabilities 
389,143 
207,953 
2,166 
784,599 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,801 
1,386,662 
Liabilities included in disposal groups held for sale 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total liabilities 
31,375,662 
9,171,473 
2,167 
31,568,238 
- 
2,678 
130,605 
739,583 
66,697 
4,596 
210,619 
73,272,318 
 
Mismatches by currency as of December 31, 2022 
(2,739,963) 
8,330,305 
208,927 
(671,068) 
15 
595 
157,631 (470,216) 
(14,449) 
348 
(25,324) 
4,776,801 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-230

--- Page 533 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 105 
NOTE 47 – RISK MANAGEMENT AND REPORTING 
1. INTRODUCTION 
 
Financial risk management is performed throughout the organization, under a framework containing policies that define the criteria and procedures 
guiding the actions of the Bank and its subsidiaries. 
 
Business activities performed by the Bank involve identifying, assessing, accepting, and managing different types of risks or combinations of risks. The 
main risk categories to which the Bank is exposed are financial risk, market risk, structural risk, and liquidity risk. 
 
To manage financial risks, the Bank’s Board of Directors and Senior Management are responsible for: 
 
 
understanding the nature and magnitude of the financial risks assumed. As well as the strategies implemented to manage them; 
 
directing the management of financial risks using prudential criteria, which avoid exposing the Bank to insolvency or financial instability; 
 
defining a framework of policies that comprehensively regulate the management of financial risks, considering the best practices in the 
market, current regulations and the Bank’s culture; 
 
establishing a structure of limits structure that covers all relevant risks, is consistent with the Board of Directors’ risk tolerance and current 
regulatory margins; 
 
establishing a clear segregation of duties between trading and control activities, so that risk measurement, supervision and information are 
performed by units that are independent from the risk-assuming areas; 
 
receiving relevant, complete and timely information; and 
 
verifying the application of policies and compliance with limits through a continuous internal audit process. 
 
2. GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT 
 
The Board of Directors, through the Executive Committee, approves the policies and defines the level of financial risk tolerance. The Comptroller 
supervises compliance with risk policies, using independent evaluations. Likewise, the Bank controls exposure to financial risks through the Finance 
and Risk Committee. 
The Chief Executive Officer. as the main individual responsible for the Bank’s overall management, must conduct the business strictly adhering to the 
current legal framework and internal policies, limits and procedures established. He chairs the Assets and Liabilities Committee (ALCO), a body where 
he is informed about the risks assumed by the Bank and provides guidelines for such purposes. 
 
The Assets and Liabilities Committee (ALCO) is the highest-ranking executive body assigned to manage financial risks. In its regular meetings, the ALCO 
Committee reviews the liquidity position, asset and liability management and investment strategies, with due regard to risks assumed. 
The Finance Department is responsible for the direct management of financial risks. Such department must implement business, investment, and 
financing strategies for the Bank to achieve its objectives while minimizing the risks assumed. 
The Market and Liquidity Risk Management measures and controls financial risks, this Department is responsible for proposing policies and limits to 
mitigate risks, as well as designing measurement tools according to the size and complexity of operations. 
The limit structure and daily control ensure that risks are within the margins established by the ALCO Committee and approved by the Executive 
Committee. This is strengthened by an adequate segregation of duties and the control by opposition established in the Bank’s organizational structure, 
which allows managing risks without any conflict of interest. 
The Market and Liquidity Risk Management reports on a daily basis risk exposures and the use of limits. In addition, on a monthly basis it communicates 
the overall financial risk position to the ALCO Committee, so that Senior Management understands the risks assumed, and if required, establishes 
guidelines. 
The supervision of the financial risks performed by the Bank on the subsidiaries is covered by the Subsidiary Control Policy, this is performed through 
the process of annual review of policies, quantification of risks, definition of stand-alone or consolidated limits, and coordination between the different 
vehicles when appropriate. 
3. MARKET RISK 
 
Market risk represents losses that could affect the value of investment portfolios because of adverse movements in market prices. 
Principles for managing market risk include: the use of methodologies to quantify market risks in accordance with the volume and complexity of the 
activities performed; mechanisms for periodic review of the models used to quantify market risks. Including their independent validations; formal and 
periodic performance of stress exercises, appropriate for the scale and complexity of transactions and daily monitoring of limits and excesses. 
In the field of market risks. The following are managed: 
Price risk: it is the risk of losses that can cause a change in the value of a portfolio of financial instruments, in trading activities with customers 
(market making) and proprietary investments. This risk is found in all portfolios subject to market valuation. 
Basis risk: losses that may originate from an imperfect correlation between two or more market variables used to hedge the risk of a financial 
position. 
Convexity or mismatch risk: losses that may originate when assuming positions in a risk factor, generating mismatches in time periods. Those 
terms where there is greater market depth should be considered as one of the important variables. 
Optionality risk: Buying or writing options carries its own risks. These are closely characterized by the non-linear relationship between the 
gain generated by the option. The value of the underlying factors and the volatility of such factors. 
 
The Bank separate the management, control, and measurement of market risks between trading portfolios and financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income portfolios. The former includes positions as a result of the flow of sales to corporate and institutional customers, positions as a 
result of the market making business, and hedge or trading positions. The latter holds positions that come mainly from the management of interest rates 
associated with personal and commercial banking loans. In addition to a portfolio of financial investments. 
 
 
F-231

--- Page 534 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 106 
3.1 MARKET RISK IN THE TRADING BOOK 
 
The main market risks generated in the trading book are the following: 
 
Interest rate risk: arise as a result of exposure to movement in the different interest rate curves on which a current position is maintained. The typical 
products that generate this sensitivity correspond to interest rate derivative products (Swap or Cross Currency Swap), such as those products of the 
capital market business (Debt Securities, Term Deposits, Futures or other). However, in practice, all financial products are exposed to movements in 
interest rates due to the effect on the valuation associated with their discount factor. 
Currency risk: this risk is generated by the movements from the several exchange rates with the currencies on which current positions are held. This 
risk is generated in currency spot positions, as well as in any derivative product whose underlying is an exchange rate. 
 
Optionality risk: The purchase or writing of options carries its own risks. These are closely characterized by the non-linear relationship between the 
gain generated by the option, the value of the underlying factors and the volatility of said factors. 
 
Equity security risk arises as a result of movements in share prices. Such risk is generated in cash positions of shares as well as in any derivative 
product whose underlying is a share or a variable income index. This type of instrument mainly arises from the subsidiary BCI Corredor de Bolsa, 
whereas Bank BCI, by regulation, does not have access to these markets. 
 
3.1.1 Management and Limits 
The functions established for Financial Risk include the daily control of market risk positions, which implies ensuring compliance with the limits and/or 
alerts approved by Senior Management. This follow-up is performed regularly to assess the evolution of risk metrics and their significant movements, as 
well as communicate risks and possible excesses through the channels established for such purposes. 
 
Setting limits for trading market risk is a dynamic process that is associated with the level of risk appetite established by the Bank. Such process is part 
of the annual limit review and update plan. 
 
Limits are established on different metrics and are intended to cover all activities subject to this risk from multiple views, applying a prudent criterion, 
where the main are as follows: 
 
• 
VaR limits (Total and by risk factor) 
• 
Sensitivity limits to the exchange rate 
• 
Interest rate sensitivity limits (total and by terms) 
• 
Sensitivity limits for positions in significant products 
• 
Sensitivity limits for positions in significant spread 
• 
Vega limits 
 
These general limits are supplemented by other sub-limits for structure that is granular to allow the effective control of the different types of trading 
market risk factors to which the Bank is exposed in its trading activities. 
These limits are approved by senior management (ALCO and/or Board of Directors). 
3.1.2 Metrics 
 
a) VaR (Value at Risk): this is a methodology that estimates losses that a portfolio would incur as a result of an adverse movement of interest rates 
and/or market prices over a time horizon and for a certain confidence level. 
 
The VaR methodology used is historical simulation that recognizes the fat-tail property of financial returns. A 2-year rolling window of daily 
data is used. The 1st percentile of the P&L distribution is measured, or VaR at 99% confidence. The volatility updating technique is used, which 
recognizes the existence of volatility clusters. 
 
Objectives and limitations of the VaR methodology: The objective of VaR is to measure the risk of a portfolio of assets by determining how 
much it can lose over a period and with a given level of confidence. Under normal market conditions. This method is applied to portfolios that 
have information on the relevant market variables. In addition, it does not depend on the calculation of correlations and volatilities, as these are 
calculated implicitly when using historical information, which means having the history of the associated variables to perform this calculation. 
 
The 1-day VaR for each portfolio is shown below. 
 
VaR tables by Portfolio: annual comparison as of December 31, 2023 
 
Figures in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
VAR 
2023 
2022 
Variance 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Trading 
 1,213 
1,771 
 (558) 
Maximum 
 3,981 
5,312 
 (1,331) 
Minimum 
 521 
303 
 218 
Average 
 1,558 
2,307 
 (749) 
Balance 
636 
800 
 (164) 
Maximum 
 1,541 
1,517 
 24 
Minimum 
 149 
247 
 (98) 
Average 
538 
727 
 (189) 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa 
863 
1,421 
 (558) 
Maximum 
 1,950 
1,855 
 95 
Minimum 
 476 
213 
 263 
Average 
922 
666 
 256 
BCI Asset Management 
45 
187 
 (142) 
Maximum 
 106 
323 
 (217) 
Minimum 
 23 
114 
 (91) 
Average 
 51 
212 
 (161) 
 
 
 
F-232

--- Page 535 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 107 
VaR Trading: quarterly graphic comparison as of December 31, 2023 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
 
 
VaR Balance: quarterly graphic comparison as of December 31, 2023 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
 
 
 
VaR Bci Corredora de Bolsa: quarterly graphic comparison as of December 31, 2023 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
 
 
 
VaR Bci Asset Management: quarterly graphic comparison as of December 31, 2023 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
 
 
 
0
1,000
2,000
3,000
4,000
Q1 2023
Q2 2023
Q3 2023
Q4 2023
VAR Trading
Average
Maximum
Minimum
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
Q1 2023
Q2 2023
Q3 2023
Q4 2023
VAR Balance
Average
Maximum
Minimum
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
Q1 2023
Q2 2023
Q3 2023
Q4 2023
VAR BCI Corred. De Bolsa 
Average
Maximum
Minimum
0
25
50
75
100
125
Q1 2023
Q2 2023
Q3 2023
Q4 2023
VAR BCI Asset Management
Average
Maximum
Minimum
F-233

--- Page 536 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 108 
For the current period. The VaR (Value at Risk) is broken down into the different risk factors that compose it for its management, this 
corresponds to: 
 
VaR by Risk factor: As of December 31, 2023  
 
        Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos 
 
Value at Risk 
2023 
2022 
Variance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Total 
1,213 
1,771 
(558) 
Interest rate 
690 
1,580 
(890) 
Foreign currency 
600 
271 
329 
Optionality 
18 
15 
3 
 
Note: consider that the calculation of VAR having correlations. The sum of its factors is not the same related to the Total VAR, 
 
a) Stressed VaR (sVaR): there are limitations of the VaR models, mainly in the face of extreme events that have not been noted in the historical 
information or because they do not capture the intra-day movements in the portfolio. Because of this, stress situations are modeled to assess 
potential impacts on the value of the most extreme event portfolios. The following analysis presents the Stress VaR study for the main current 
risks. 
Stress VaR: As of December 31, 2023 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
STRESS VAR 
2023 
2022 
Variance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Total 
4,029 
3,130 
899 
Maximum 
9,988 
8,844 
1,144 
Minimum 
2,202 
2,366 
(164) 
Average 
4,746 
4,657 
89 
 
3.2 COUNTERPARTY MARKET RISK 
 
Counterparty risk management encompasses the management of financial risks that seeks to recognize and subsequently manage the possible credit 
deterioration of each counterparty, arising from investments and/or businesses related to the capital market. 
This risk is defined as the possibility that the issuer or the counterparty does not comply with its obligations or commitments within the agreed terms and 
amounts. This risk is determined by the debt at the time of default, by the probability of default by the counterparty, and by the loss given default. On a 
daily basis, the current market value plus the potential future exposure of the derivatives is calculated; estimating the value of the debt in an event of 
default that has not yet occurred. The potential future exposure represents the maximum market value  that the instruments could reach during the 
remaining term of the contract. The result of this calculation determines the use of the credit facility associated with derivative instruments. 
As part of counterparty risk management, Senior Management encourages direct involvement in both local and foreign clearing houses. As applicable, 
and the trading of derivative instruments must be conducted in accordance with the policies, limits and procedures established by the Bank, in compliance 
with internal and external regulations, and all new products must comply with the provisions of the New Products Policy prior to being traded. 
3.2.1 Management and Limits 
The Bank manages its counterparty risk through analysis of the future exposure of financial instruments, called PFE (Potential Future Exposure) and in 
turn through adjustments to the Fair value of derivative instruments, referred to as CVA (Credit Value Adjustment). 
 
3.2.2 Metrics 
 
a) Future Exposures: The future exposure of an over-the-counter (OTC) derivative is directly related to the credit exposure generated by this type 
of product for BCI. The risk from such contracts exists when the valuation or mark-to-market (MTM) is positive in favor of BCI. These contracts 
are measured on a daily basis, and the risk or uncertainty arises regarding the potential value that the MTM may reach throughout the life of the 
operation. 
 
Montecarlo simulation techniques are used to calculate future exposures by counterparty, specific limits by counterparty ensure that defined risk 
levels are not exceeded, and adequate diversification is achieved. The following table provides the detail of the exposure for each segment for the 
periods ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 
F-234

--- Page 537 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 109 
Future Exposure by Banks: As of December 31, 2023 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, 
 
Future Exposure 
Banking  
December 31,  
2023 
December 31,  
2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Banco BCI 
2,772,591 
2,672,646 
Private Banking 
148,512 
162,221 
Banks 
501,509 
263,355 
Corporate 
904,197 
1,078,829 
SMEs 
1,116 
1,364 
Business 
24,339 
31,526 
Large Corporations 
114,474 
132,170 
Real Estate 
148,239 
109,839 
Institutional 
930,205 
893,342 
Total 
2,772,591 
2,672,646 
 
 
 
 
b) Derivative credit valuation adjustment (CVA): The objective is to determine the expected losses due to counterparty risk in OTC derivative 
contracts. The CVA of a derivative is defined as the difference between the market value free of credit risk (without risk of default by the 
counterparty) and the value of the derivative engaged that carries the possibility of default by the counterparty. Accordingly, the CVA of a 
customer can be obtained from the expected exposure (EE) by counterparty risk (the expected loss amount) and the expected loss rate (EL) 
associated with the default of the counterparty. The table below details the allowance for CVA by segment as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
CVA (Credit Value Adjustment): as of December 31, 2023 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, 
 
Credit Value Adjustment (CVA) 
 
Banking 
December 31, 
2023 
December 31, 
2022 
Variation  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Banco BCI 
8,149 
13,015 
(4,866) 
Private Banking 
654 
666 
(12) 
Banks 
8 
7 
1 
Corporate 
2,360 
6,044 
(3,684) 
SMEs 
3 
12 
(9) 
Business 
297 
569 
(272) 
Large Corporations 
1,730 
1,944 
(214) 
Real Estate 
2,662 
3,284 
(622) 
Institutional 
435 
489 
(54) 
City National Bank 
826 
1,736 
(910) 
BCI CdB 
0,33 
0,48 
(0,15) 
Total 
8,975 
14,751 
(5,776) 
 
 
 
 
 
F-235

--- Page 538 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 110 
3.3 MARKET RISK OUTSIDE OF THE TRADING BOOK 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income relate to all financial instruments that have not been acquired for trading them at 
short-term, where the Bank intends to keep them on its balance sheet Instruments that are classified as financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income may not be subsequently reclassified to the category financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss. 
 
Certain definitions that should be considered for the market of these assets are included below: 
 
Debt Securities (IRF): this is the name given to securities representing medium and long-term obligations, issued in series. Intended to finance different 
production and housing activities. They bear interest and are generally quoted as a percentage of par value. 
 
Portfolio of Non-Derivative Financial Instruments: relates to the set of investment debt securities classified as financial assets at fair value through 
other comprehensive income. Investments to Maturity and the portfolio of corporate bonds classified in Trading, which weight different economic sectors, 
issuers, terms, rates (fixed versus floating or mixed rates), currencies, prepayment options, etc. 
 
Investment Grade Instruments: relate to instruments to which the investment grade classification has been associated by one of the international rating 
agencies: S&P, Moody’s and Fitch. This is equivalent to a BBB- or higher rating for the International market and A- for domestic instruments. 
 
Covenants: restrictions used by banks or institutional investors to ensure that issuers will operate prudently, allowing them to pay their debt on agreed 
terms, A covenant may require the issuer to present its financial statements to the bank or, an extreme covenant, would prohibit it from assuming new 
debt. 
 
3.3.1 Management and Limits 
Like the management of limits for the trading book,  for the financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income book, the duties established 
by Financial Risk are in general, the definition of measurement criteria and regular control of the portfolio, which implies ensuring compliance with the 
limits and/or warnings approved by Senior Management. 
 
Setting market risk limits for financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income is a dynamic process associated with the level of risk 
appetite established by the Bank. This process is part of the annual limit review and update plan. 
 
Limits applied are different for the different portfolios due to their different nature and objectives. We highlight the following market risk limits 
associated with available-for-sale instruments: 
 
➔ Interest rate sensitivity limits. It is the maximum amount by which the market value of the investment portfolio can change due to a one basis 
point increase in discount rates. 
➔ Diversification limits. Investment concentration limits by country, type of industry and business. 
➔ Portfolio permanence limits. According to the business model the investments must remain a minimum amount of time in the portfolio as a 
whole. 
 
3.3.1.1 Metrics Sensitivities and positions 
The sensitivity analysis assesses the impact of one basis point on the interest rates at which each of the instruments in the financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income investment portfolio are performed at fair value. 
 
Evolution of DV01 Investment book and liquidity management, Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos 
 
 
 
The main positions in investments available for sale by type of issuer and currency are detailed below. The risk rating of such positions at the end of the 
most recent period is also reported. 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
Fair value as of December 31, 2023 (MCh$) 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
 
  
CLP 
UF 
USD 
EUR 
OTHER 
Sovereign bonds 
   3,445,861  
751,304  
796,623 
- 
                  -  
Corporate bonds 
                  -  
           11,004  
  230,992 
9,524 
                  -  
Financial institutions bonds 
           2,026 
568,634 
3,350,488 
-  
                  -  
Mortgage-funding notes 
                  -  
        18,542  
                  -  
                  -  
                  -  
Time deposits 
        317,116 
 - 
                  -  
                  -  
                  -  
Investments funds 
                  -  
                  -  
   33,652 
                  -  
                  -  
Shares 
                  -  
                  -  
         124,602 
                  -  
                  -  
Total 
    3,765,003 
     1,349,484 
4,536,357 
  9,524  
                  -  
 
 
 
92
87
85
80
401
383
379
534
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
M AR -2 3
JUN-2 3
SEP-2 3
DEC -2 3
DV01 MCH$
DATE
Investment
Liquidity
F-236

--- Page 539 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 111 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
Fair value as of December 31, 2022 (MCh$)  
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
  
CLP 
UF 
USD 
EUR 
OTHER 
Sovereign bonds 
      1,556,869 
       304,394  
         557,132  
                  -    
                  -    
Corporate bonds 
                  -    
        10,561  
        277,287  
          48,265  
                  -    
Financial institutions bonds 
           11,115 
        893,170  
    3,153,683  
                  -    
                  -    
Mortgage-funding notes 
                  -               23,447  
                  -    
                  -    
                  -    
Time deposits 
        576,739  
         34,628 
                  -    
                  -    
                  -    
Investments funds 
                  -    
                  -               32,680  
                  -    
                  -    
Shares 
                  -    
                  -              121,003 
                  -    
                  -    
Total 
     2,144,723  
    1,266,200  
     4,141,785  
          48,265  
                  -    
 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
International bond portfolio risk rating as of December 31, 2023 (%) 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
 
 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income  
Risk rating of bond portfolio and LCH of national issue as of December 31, 2022 (%) 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
 
 
4. STRUCTURAL INTEREST RATE RISK 
 
The management of the structural risks of interest rates and inflation seeks to manage the risks arising from the Bank's operations and asset and liability 
positions, derivatives, and non-derivatives, excluding trading activities. 
In this area. The following risks are managed: 
➔ Interest rate risk: possibility of economic losses in the Bank's equity position (profit or loss or equity) as a result of adverse and unexpected 
changes in interest rates (parallel movements in the level of general rates and spreads). 
 
➔ Repricing risk: arises from differences in the maturity or repricing structure between assets and liabilities, as well as off-balance sheet positions. 
Repricing risk occurs when there are gaps or mismatches in the maturity structure or " repricing " of the Bank's assets and liabilities, whether on 
or off the balance sheet (e.g., positions in derivative financial instruments, contingent loans, etc.). Exposure varies according to the magnitude 
of the mismatches and the direction of the change in rates. 
 
➔ Risk in the structure of interest rates: arises from changes in the shape of the intertemporal structure of interest rates. 
 
➔ Base risk: results from the existence of an imperfect correlation in the adjustment of interest rates received and paid on certain financial 
instruments, which should have similar adjustment characteristics in their prices. 
 
➔ Optionality risk: arises from short positions in implicit options both in assets, liabilities as well as in off-balance sheet instruments or explicit 
options. This risk includes the option of a prepayment of loans, translating this payment option as a prepayment risk. 
 
➔ Inflation risk: possibility of economic losses in the Bank's equity position (profit or loss or equity) as a result of adverse changes in the price 
path or price index.  
 
 
F-237

--- Page 540 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 112 
 
4.1 Management and Limits 
 
Currently, limits are set on the following metrics to ensure consistency with the Bank's strategic objectives and avoid risk situations in stress scenarios 
(illiquidity, loss of profitability, among other). 
 
➔ Short-term risk: it is controlled with the SaR methodology, the result of which may not be higher than a percentage of the Bank's financial 
margin. 
 
➔ Long-term risk: controlled by the MVS methodology, the result of which may not be higher than a percentage of the Bank's basic capital. 
➔ Limits are established for metrics X1 (short-term rate risk) and X2 (long-term rate risk) of the C40 regulatory report. 
4.2 Metrics 
 
Unexpected changes in interest rates or inflation can have negative effects on both the Bank's profit for the period and economic value. Exposure to 
interest rate risks is noted in: 
1. The short-term impact on the Bank's revenue (typically 1 year). 
2. Long-term impact on the present value of future cash flows. 
3. The impact on other sources of revenue. 
 
 
This view allows using two supplementary methodologies to assess such exposure to interest rate risk: 
Accumulated Net Interest Margin (Spread at Risk, SaR) 
 
The analysis focuses on the impact associated with variations in interest rates and short-term inflation on annual revenue The analysis is performed 
considering the impact of changes in interest rates on the Bank's financial margin over a given time horizon. 
 
Economic Value (Market Value Sensitivity, MVS) 
The economic value of a bank can be expressed as the present value of the expected net cash flows, defined as the expected cash flows of assets less the 
expected cash flows of liabilities, plus the expected net flows of positions recorded off-balance. 
 
As the economic value considers the potential impact of changes in interest rates on the present value of future cash flows, it provides a better view of 
the potential long-term effects of changes in interest rate structures. 
 
The average long-term SVM measurement for 2023 is 3.21% (4.77% 2022) of capital over a limit of 12%. The SaR meanwhile has an average in 2023 
of 4.05% versus an average of 5.62% in 2022. 
 
SVM 
As of December31, 2023 
 
 
SaR 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-238

--- Page 541 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 113 
 
The evolution of regulatory indices X1 (exposure to short-term market risk) and X2 (exposure to long-term market risk) registered slack with respect 
to the limits so far in 2023, mainly explained by the management of the balance sheet with accounting hedges. 
 
Regulatory Market Risk X1 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
as of December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
Regulatory Market Risk X2 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
as of December 31, 2023 
 
 
5. LIQUIDITY RISK 
 
Liquidity management is a strategic activity, it must be aligned at all times at the corporate level in terms of its objectives, guidelines and resources 
assigned in the commercial line, risk control, financial operations, and technology, among other areas. 
For these purposes, the liquidity risk will correspond to the impossibility of: 
➔ Comply with contractual obligations. 
➔ Avoid regulatory sanctions for non-compliance with regulatory ratios. 
➔ Permanently and competitively finance commercial activity. 
➔ Liquidate positions without significant losses. 
 
The concentration of liabilities by main sources of funding is presented below: 
 
Evolution of main sources of financing 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
 
 
 
 
F-239

--- Page 542 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 114 
5.1 Management and Limits 
 
The Bank's liquidity management policy and models seek to guarantee, even in the face of unexpected events. The Bank's ability to adequately respond to 
its obligations. 
Liquidity and funding management is performed by treasury in accordance with practices and limits aligned with local regulations, best international 
practices, and the Bank's risk appetite. For this reason, the Bank must maintain a limit structure that allows an adequate and robust risk management. 
Currently, limits are set on the following metrics: 
Liquidity barrier: A ratio that is controlled on a daily basis and whose objective is to constitute a minimum highly liquid reserve fund, which allows 
it to face unexpected situations of illiquidity, bank runs or confidence crises. The limit is reviewed at least annually. 
Concentration of deposits and time deposits: it is controlled on a daily basis, to prevent the Bank from being exposed to a sudden outflow from its 
source of funding. 
Accumulated cash flow mismatches: it is controlled on a daily basis, to ensure that there is a sufficient income flow to meet short-term obligations. 
Liquidity coverage ratios (LCR): controlled on a daily basis to provide a liquidity structure that is capable of withstanding a stress scenario in the 
short term. The LCR measures a bank's liquidity risk profile, ensuring that it has an adequate pool of high-quality assets (ALAC), which can be easily 
and immediately converted into cash, without significant loss of value, in the financial markets. 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR): requires banks to maintain a stable funding profile in relation to their assets. The objective is to reduce the risk that 
the volatility of funding sources deteriorates the Bank's liquidity position. It is controlled on  a daily basis, seeking to discourage excessive short-term 
wholesale funding. The metric seeks for the Bank to diversify its sources of financing. 
 
Since the latter are the main ratios of liquidity, it should be noted that they have remained comfortable with respect to both regulatory and internal limits. 
 
5.2 Metrics 
 
➔ Liquidity barrier 
The liquidity buffer established at BCI beginning in  2023 consists of a minimum of high liquidity and credit quality assets, of a counter-cyclical nature 
related to liquidity, the purpose of which is to support the capacity to hedge short-term obligations. 
 
To comply with the requirement of a minimum buffer of High-Quality Liquid Assets, limits are defined separately in domestic and foreign currency, 
Both amounts are reviewed and updated on a monthly basis by the Financial Risk team using stress tests. As of December 31, 2023 the liquidity buffer 
is detailed as follows: 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
 
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
Liquidity Buffer LC (*) 
3,850,520 
4,636,388 
2,930,541 
2,930,541 
Liquidity Buffer FC (**) 
2,280,467 
2,779,00 
1,655,000 
2,545,000 
(*) Amounts in millions of pesos 
(**) Amounts in millions of dollars 
 
Liquidity buffer evolution as of December 31, 2023 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos 
 
 
 
 
3,959,606 
3,850,520 
2,937,262 
2,280,467 
5,090,426 
4,636,388 
3,673,000 
2,779,000 
3,100,704 
2,930,541 
2,064,000 
1,655,000 
Q3 -2 0 2 3
Q4 -2 0 2 3
Average LC
Average FC
Maximum LC
Maximum FC
Minimum LC
Minimum FC
F-240

--- Page 543 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 115 
 
➔ Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
This ratio is within the Basel III standards and aims to ensure that banks have an adequate fund of High-Quality Assets (ALAC), which can be easily and 
immediately converted into cash, to meet their obligations in a 30-day liquidity stress scenario. This ratio has a regulatory limit and will increase to 
100% as of September 2022. Its form of measurement is ALAC on net expenses, where the different items have different weights. 
 
As of December 31, 2023 BCI had a Global consolidation LCR of 128.3%, well above the required limit, given the current regulation, 
 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
As of December 31, 2022 
 
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
LCR 
140.5% 
151.8% 
127.6% 
142.2% 
189.5% 
343.0% 
110.4% 
166.3% 
 
As the latter are the main indicators of liquidity, note that they have remained comfortable with respect to both regulatory and internal limits. 
 
LCR evolution as of December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
➔ Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
 
This ratio is designed to address long-term liquidity mismatches and covers the entire balance sheet by providing incentives for financial institutions to 
use stable sources of funding. It is measured given the Stable Financing Available (FED) over the Stable Financing Required (FER), the first being the 
proportion of own and external resources that are classified as reliable. The FER. On the other hand, corresponds to the book value of the assets based on 
the characteristics of liquidity and residual maturities. 
 
Currently, this ratio has a 60% of the regulatory limit, however, the Bank has decided to consider an incremental internal limit, which expects to reach a 
100% NSFR requirement in 2025. As of December 31, 2023 BCI placed its Global consolidation NSFR at 102.7%. 
 
 
As of December 31, 2023 
As of December 31, 2022 
 
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
NSFR 
101.3% 
103.0% 
98.8% 
102.2% 
101.6% 
105.0% 
100.4% 
102.2% 
 
NSFR evolution (global consolidated) as of December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
➔ Liquidity early warning ratios 
 
BCI has a set of early warnings that allow capturing negative trends in the markets or in the balance structure. Both market variables and information 
from the Bank's balance sheet are monitored. The funding liquidity prizes in local banks, or the increase in the volatility of market prices, are some of 
the market variables that stand out. On the other hand, demand deposit flight rates or deficits in the renewal of time deposits are relevant balance sheet 
information among other elements of periodic monitoring. 
 
 
174.1%
152.1%
153.5%
140.5%
184.3%
163.0%
173.1%
151.8%
165.7%
146.1%
128.3%
127.6%
Q1 -2 0 2 3
Q2 -2 0 2 3
Q3 -2 0 2 3
Q4 -2 0 2 3
Average
Maximum
Minimum
103.0%
103.6%
104.0%
101.3%
104.3%
104.4%
105.2%
103.0%
101.7%
102.7%
102.7%
98.8%
Q1 -2 0 2 3
Q2 -2 0 2 3
Q3 -2 0 2 3
Q4 -2 0 2 3
Average
Maximum
Minimum
F-241

--- Page 544 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 116 
➔ Mismatch of deadlines 
The mismatch is the metric that determines the difference between Expenditures and Income of the flows of the main items of the Bank. For its 
determination, adjusted flows were considered, that is, considering behavioral models for some items. In this sense, for example, the liabilities associated 
with financial and non-financial calls are considered, considering the unstable part and the stable part as the demand balance according to their behavior. 
Below is the mismatch of terms at 7, 15 and 30 days in the case of the local version considering adjusted flows. 
Local consolidation term mismatch as of December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
Additionally, the relevant metrics for mismatching at 30 and 90 days for the individual version are presented. 
 
 
  
In addition to the aforementioned metrics, it is important to highlight the distribution of high-quality Liquid Assets held by the Bank for optimal liquidity 
management. 
Detail of liquid assets as of 31/12/2023 
 
 
➔ Concentration of Time Deposits and Funding 
Below is the concentration by counterparty for on demand and time deposit items. 
Detail of Counterparties by Main Liabilities as of 12/30/2023 
 
 
 
1,045,772 
998,535 
-36,536 
-200,000
0
200,000
400,000
600,000
800,000
1,000,000
1,200,000
7
1 5
3 0
MISMATCH [MCH$]
DAYS
-16.63%
5.61%
10.27%
20.09%
-52.66%
-14.73%
10.27%
12.70%
-60%
-50%
-40%
-30%
-20%
-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%
3 0
9 0
MISMATCH %
DAYS
Average
Maximum
Minimum
Close
16%
6%
1%
36%
41%
Demand deposits andovernight deposits with the Local Central Bank
Cash
Bank Reserve
Non-derivative financial instruments issued by the Chilean Treasury and Central Bank
ALAC N2
F-242

--- Page 545 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 117 
 
➔ Maturity of non-derivative and derivative liabilities 
To see the details of maturities, it is recommended to see note 45 - Contractual Maturity according to the remaining terms of financial assets and 
liabilities. 
 
6. FINANCIAL RISK STRESS TESTING EXERCISES 
Stress tests are risk measurement tools designed with the aim of gaining a deeper understanding of the profile and dynamics of the different market and 
liquidity risks associated with Trading and Banking books about: 
➔ Measurement of the impact of extreme movements in the markets (prospective, hypothetical, historical and idiosyncratic) 
➔ Isolated measurement of the impact of a particular/specific risk component 
➔ Measurement of a dynamic interdependence between relevant risk factors 
The stress tests are intended to identify financial vulnerabilities in the balance sheet structure and trading book against low probability but plausible 
situations or risk scenarios that can be seen in a short-term horizon. The analysis separates the impacts on those positions that affect the income statement 
from those that affect the equity accounts. 
The scope and criteria for the development of stress tests are given by: 
➔ Limitations of the methodological approaches used: these approaches intervene in the calculation of the shocks to be applied in the different 
scenarios and their limitations correspond to obtaining the shocked curves that are modeled from macroeconomic factors. Therefore, there is a 
tolerance margin of how this modeling of curves can be explained by macroeconomic factors. 
 
For liquidity stress scenarios, these are configured, on the one hand, by calibrating prices and system stress measures (monitor of market 
conditions), as well as short-term impacts (30 days and 90 days) on the structure balance. 
 
The market monitor is calibrated by estimating the price levels at which the stress scenario is estimated. In the case of historical scenarios, the 
basic argument is historical information and estimates of the impact of the crisis, while in the case of prospective scenarios, the analysis is based 
on the risks inherent to the banking industry, which are included with information to raise awareness of risk scenarios and vision is essential. 
 
On the other hand, the changes in the balance sheet structure are projected as stress scenarios, and in no case are the estimates based exclusively 
on historical measurements. Depending on the level of criticality of the estimated market conditions for each scenario, conservative estimates 
of leak rates and balance sheet movements are projected. In general, the higher the estimated criticality for each scenario. The higher the leakage 
rate associated with the sources of funding. In addition, depending on the characteristics of the depositor and the estimated stability of the 
deposits, the flight rates are modeled with different movements and sensitivities to stress scenarios. 
 
➔ The bank's capacity to absorb potential losses is contained within the established risk appetite and the action plans that the bank has to modify its 
risk profile. 
 
➔ Action plans: As a preventive financial measure, BCI constitutes the liquidity barrier, which represents the minimum level of liquid assets 
evaluated to ensure liquidity even in extreme illiquidity events, calibrated with the level of tension that the system evidences. In addition to the 
above, to take action in the face of any liquidity contingency, BCI has a Liquidity Contingency Plan, which meets with a liquidity contingency 
committee (CCL). The CCL must consider various sources of funds to face a liquidity crisis. The set of tentative actions, visualized before 
performing a risk scenario, may consider: 
a) Subordinate trading portfolio to declarations of liquidity needs. The amount may vary according to the considerations of the committee, 
and the entire portfolio may be used for liquidity purposes in case of contingency. 
b) Manage funding sources, Stimulate the raising of funds with adequate prices in the event of a contingency declaration. 
c) Conditions to make FPL and Repos with the Central Bank. The Liquidity Sub-Management will manage, at its discretion. The use of facilities 
with the Central Bank of Chile. 
d) Stimulate Sales with an agreement, Repo, and funding via TRS when feasible. Monitor assets to finance the contingency, Potential available 
monitoring of Barrier Papers, Monitoring of Liquid Assets issued abroad. In BCI, Miami Branch and City National Bank portfolios. 
e) Use of local and international interbank lines, Costs and ease of use of the available lines will be evaluated. 
f) Use window discount FED, Semi-annual monitoring of fund-raising capacity with FED window discount. 
g) Sale of loan portfolio subject to evaluation by the contingency committee. 
 
6.1. Scenario Analysis 
 
The scenarios associated with the banking book seek to capture, through hypothetical, prospective or historical scenarios, the dynamics between nominal 
short-term and long-term rates and inflation (Real TPM). These effects are represented by shocks in the rates in the different time horizons, reflecting 
the variations in inflation expectations if they correspond to each scenario. 
For their part, the trading book scenarios aim to capture movements in relative prices as a result of changes in expectations or flows in derivative 
instruments associated with differentials in external and internal rates that allow us to identify risk exposures outside the normal behavior of the portfolio. 
At least 3 scenarios are established, which aim to measure the bank's exposure to stress situations observed at a global and/or systemic level. These were 
conceived based on expert opinion, historical crisis situations and developed with econometric techniques. 
The proposed scenarios are: 
I. 
Historical 
II. 
Adverse 
III. 
Dynamic 
 
 
F-243

--- Page 546 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 118 
I. 
Historical scenario 
The mortgage default crisis in the US inevitably led to a counterparty crisis and severe liquidity shortages that had profound repercussions on the real 
economy and global financial markets. 
Stock markets in the US fall more than 4%, Asian markets 5%, the most important markets in Europe fall an average of 3.3%, Brazil falls more than 7% 
and Argentina more than 5%, all this on the same day of the fall of Lehman Brothers. 
 
Copper for its part falls 53%, WTI 50%, Japan 38%, Dow Jones 30%, and Chile 16%, All these 3 months after the fall. 
 
In the 2 months following the fall of Lehman Brothers, the dollar rises 21% while the Euro strengthens against the dollar by more than 3% during the 
first week after the Lehman crash, although it ends up collapsing by more 12% during the first two months. 
 
II. 
Adverse scenario 
 
The pessimistic scenario is characterized by external and domestic impacts. Externally, there is a global recession (USA, Asia, Europe and Latam) 
accompanied by a lower demand for commodities. At the local level, there is a strong contraction (economic recession) in the construction, commerce, 
and mining sectors. 
Commodity prices (copper price) plummet as a result of the global recession. World demand for Chilean exports decreases significantly, accelerating 
the external imbalance. Imports of capital goods fall sharply. The exchange rate depreciates significantly amid massive capital flight, generating 
inflationary pressures. 
The labor market deteriorates, unemployment increases, salaried employment and wages fall sharply, the MPR (monetary policy rate) falls in the face of 
a smaller output gap and strong inflationary pressures. As a final consequence. The PIB contracts significantly throughout the stress scenario, converging 
to a lower growth rate in the long term. 
 
III. 
Dynamic scenario 
 
In this scenario, the most adverse historical shocks are faced with respect to the current rate structure, and monthly shock rate scenarios are defined. The 
period to be selected is the one that generates shocks at the 1% and 99% percentile. 
 
The scenarios proposed for the liquidity stress tests are: 
 
IV. 
Historical 
V. 
Adverse 
VI. 
Idiosyncratic 
 
IV. 
Historical Scenario 
 
The determination of these is based on the use of historical data of the banking system obtained from the web page of the Financial Market Commission 
of Chile (CMF). The time series of the most relevant income and expense items of the balance sheets of the banks in the financial market. As well as off-
balance sheet items, are used, to select the historical scenario, the result of applying the leakage rates of each scenario (each date) on the 30 and 90-day 
flows of the relevant balance sheet items used in the Liquidity Stress Exercise is calculated. The scenario selected will be the one that generates the 
highest net outflows (outflows minus revenues). 
 
V. 
Adverse Scenario 
 
The pessimistic scenario is characterized by external and domestic impacts. At the external level, there is a world recession (USA. Asia, Europe, and 
Latin America) accompanied by a lower demand for commodities. Locally, there is a strong contraction (economic recession) in the construction, trade, 
and mining sectors. 
 
Commodity prices (copper prices) plummet as a result of the world recession. World demand for Chilean exports decreases significantly, accelerating 
the external imbalance. Imports of capital goods fall sharply. The exchange rate depreciates significantly amid massive capital flight, generating 
inflationary pressures. 
 
The labor market deteriorates sharply, unemployment increases, salaried employment and wages fall sharply. The monetary policy rate (TPM) falls in 
the face of a smaller output gap and strong inflationary pressures. As a final consequence, PIB contracts sharply throughout the stress scenario, 
converging to a lower growth rate in the long run. 
 
VI. 
Idiosyncratic Scenario 
 
To develop the basis for BCI's idiosyncratic scenario, we opt for the analysis of a historical liquidity crisis triggered by non-systematic factors. This is 
because it is considered that the definition and simulation of idiosyncratic effects by themselves and independent of empirical impacts would require a 
series of assumptions that at an aggregate level could generate a series of validity problems such as the deterioration of the specification of the models 
used or the obtaining of insignificant or even infeasible results. 
To carry out this work, we first analyze the background of the case of the Bank under Study, the reasons and impact of the crisis, and then we define the 
methodology to simulate the impacts that such a scenario would have if experienced by BCI according to its own characteristics. 
6.2 Results and impacts 
➔ Market risk 
The following tables show the results of the banking and trading books, distinguishing the effects on the income statement from the effects on the bank's 
capital. 
Summary of Banking Book results as of December 31, figures in millions of CLP  
(Impacts are measured for the next 12 months) 
 
Banking Book 
Inflation 
Reprice 
PnL 
Historical 
(10,500) 
10,859 
359 
Adverse 
(9,296) 
69,836 
60,540 
Dynamic Perc, 1% 
(2,832) 
26,955 
24,123 
Dynamic Perc, 99% 
(8,627) 
(34,462) 
(43,089) 
 
 
 
F-244

--- Page 547 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 119 
Summary of trading book results as of December 31, 2023, figures in millions of  CLP 
(Impacts are measured based on the duration of each scenario) 
Trading 
Income 
Historical 
(16,327) 
Adverse 
38,722 
Dynamic Perc, 1% 
27,027 
Dynamic Perc, 99% 
(31,358) 
 
Balance Sheet - Trading Book 
P&L 
Historical 
5,719 
Adverse 
(11,487) 
Dynamic Perc, 1% 
(9,473) 
Dynamic Perc, 99% 
9,688 
 
Summary results portfolios financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income as of December 31, 2023,  
figures in millions of CLP  
(Impacts are measured based on the duration of each scenario) 
 
Equity 
Effect E/R (P&L) 
Historical 
(75,862) 
76,578 
Adverse 
183,226 
56,092 
Dynamic Perc, 1% 
137,152 
- 
Dynamic Perc, 99% 
(133,626) 
- 
 
The effects on Equity correspond to movements in both discount rates and spread, corresponding to CEMBI. While the effects shown in results are 
directly related to the exchange rate risk in the investment portfolio. 
 
Summary results Fair Value Hedges as of  December 31, figures in millions of CLP 
(Impacts are measured based on the duration of each scenario) 
Fair Value Hedge 
Adjustment (P&L) 
Rate (P&L) 
Total 
Historical 
- 
5,460 
5,460 
Adverse 
- 
51,207 
51,207 
Dynamic Perc, 1% 
- 
40,244 
40,244 
Dynamic Perc, 99% 
- 
(35,733) 
(35,733) 
 
Fair Value hedges correspond to strategies to float the base risk of active bonds, whose interest rate is fixed, and its currency is foreign. 
 
Summary of Bank portfolio results as of December 31, 2023 figures in millions of CLP 
(Impacts are measured based on the duration of each scenario) 
 
Scenario 
Adjustment 
 
Rate (P&L) 
Total 
Historical 
(10,250) 
(75,862) 
(86,112) 
Adverse 
87,775 
183,226 
271,001 
Dynamic Perc, 1% 
41,678 
137,152 
178,830 
Dynamic Perc, 99% 
(64,759) 
(133,626) 
(198,385) 
 
Effect on P&L 
Bank book 
 
Rate (P&L) 
  
Total P&L 
 
Historical 
359 
(10,609) 
(10,250) 
Adverse 
60,540 
27,235 
87,775 
Dynamic Perc, 1% 
24,124 
17,554 
41,678 
Dynamic Perc, 99% 
(43,089) 
(21,670) 
(64,759) 
 
Liquidity risk 
 
The following tables show the results of the effects on the Bank's liquidity. In each of the scenarios: 
 
Table # 5: Additional Needs of Funds for liquidity 30 and 90 days to December 31, 2023 
(Figures in Billions of CLP) 
Demand for 
Liquidity 30 days 
Demand for 
Liquidity 90 days 
Available Liquid 
Assets 
Liquidity Needs 
Historical 
1,713 
1,113 
4,222 
- 
Adverse 
1,708 
658 
3,865 
- 
Idiosyncratic 
1,445 
370 
4,398 
- 
 
Survival Period: From the data obtained for the Bank's liquidity stress test, it can be observed that the survival period under the Historical and 
Idiosyncratic Scenario is less than 30 days. On the other hand. In case of the Pessimistic Scenario. The survival period is between 30 and 90 days. 
 
 
F-245

--- Page 548 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 120 
 
7. CREDIT RISK 
 
a) Credit risk structure 
 
Credit risk is defined as the probability that a given counterparty will not be able to repay the resources delivered by the creditor institution under the 
originally agreed conditions, resulting in the loss of part or all the amount loaned or agreed interest. This breach may be due to capacity, disposition, 
transferability, or convertibility. 
Likewise, there are sub-risks that arise from contractual conditions with customers, but which were not necessarily generated by a monetary disbursement 
from Bci. In short, credit risk is the sum of payment risk, contingent risk, market and counterparty risk, overnight position risk and settlement risk. 
The Bank assumes the entire credit risk while the obligation of the client or counterparty is in force. The risk is extinguished with the full payment of 
principal. Interest, and readjustments. 
Credit risk governance 
At Banco BCI, credit risk governance is determined by the interaction of the various areas, as well as by the instances in which the Board of Directors 
and Senior Management participate. The main roles and responsibilities in the field of credit risk governance are as follows: 
Executive Committee of the Board of Directors: The Board of Directors, through this body, is responsible for approving general risk policies; reviewing 
and approving credit operations submitted to its resolution; approving credit and risk policy manuals; determine the resources that will be allocated 
periodically to provisions and penalties. 
Finance and Corporate Risk Committee: Committee in which the directors participate and whose objective is to monitor and control the credit risk 
profile and periodically monitor the evolution of adherence to risk tolerance, analyze the proposed measures when they reach critical levels and requests 
that the pertinent measures be adopted to prevent the limits established for such ratios from being exceeded. 
Credit Risk Management: Reports to the Corporate Risk Management and has the following objectives and responsibilities; execute the origination 
process under the tolerance framework and risk policies, collaborate with commercial teams in business configuration, monitoring of debtors, raising 
early warnings (visits, financial information, behavior, etc.) and execution of strategies defined. 
Credit resolution instances: The Bank has structured its credit approval process based on personal and non-delegable credit powers granted by the 
Board of Directors, Based on these credit faculties. The operations are approved at the different levels of the Administration, always requiring the 
concurrence of two executives with faculties. 
As the amount of the operation increases. It is approved by pairs of senior executives from both the commercial and risk areas and senior management 
committees, up to the highest instance that corresponds to the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors. 
Below you can see a matrix scheme of the main functions of credit risk: 
The credit risk environment is a continuous process in which various areas interact, whose functions are intertwined for the development of a governance 
and management chain. 
Main equipment and its functions 
 
Commercial teams / Risk Strategy: they evaluate and establish the initial credit configuration of the customers in accordance with the current policy 
framework, They are also responsible for collecting and validating information for credit evaluation and entry into the systems; resolve or recommend 
credit operations within the framework of its powers and the level of risk; verify course documentation and approval conditions; give permanent follow-
up and ensure the adequate qualification of its portfolio. 
Origination Risk: responsible for the execution and permanent optimization of the origination process, under the framework of tolerance, policies, and 
appetite for risk. This team must resolve or recommend credit operations within the framework of its powers and their risk level; ensure and execute an 
adequate integration to the monitoring and collection process; participate in the Strategic Risk, Tolerance, and Model Risk Councils and Credit 
Committees. 
 
Policies: responsible for the administration, drafting, renewal and adherence control of the Bank's policies, Credit policies are presented and authorized 
annually by the board of directors. 
 
Monitoring: responsible for monitoring the portfolio and its debtors, as well as adherence to risk strategies. 
 
 
Policies
Origin
Model 
factory
Risk
Appetite
Pricing and 
limits
Follow up
Capital
Data 
Management
Model 
Validation
Collections
Receives 
models
Defines 
prices and 
limits
RORAC
Sends 
business 
information
Reports for an
update
Generates 
hard limits
Reports and updates
Informs policies, 
closes/opens keys
Regulates data 
Improvement
Validates and 
provides 
approval
Reports and 
transfers 
accounts
Sends variables, 
receives models
Receives 
models
Improvers 
data
Delivers information 
for capital update
Change Management (Supports cultural change)
Governance
F-246

--- Page 549 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 121 
 
Rating: its function is to properly interpret the rating regulations for individual portfolio customers and ensure their correct application in the Bank. 
Likewise, the team must ensure the correct constitution of provisions for the individual portfolio. 
Prosecutor's Office: it is responsible for informing companies and powers of attorney of customers, legal entities, to act. You must generate 
documentation that allows the legal support of the operation courses (promissory notes, credit applications, etc.); report guarantees and prepare the 
necessary documentation and the correct constitution when appropriate. 
 
Collection: its function is to monitor and execute collection processes for customers with high delinquency. 
Model Factory: responsible for developing risk models to leverage comprehensive credit process decisions (origination, monitoring, and collection) 
and in all customer segments (Individuals, SMEs, and Wholesale & Investment Banking). Likewise, it must generate models for the management of 
non-financial risks, among which the prevention of asset laundering and operational risk management stand out. Likewise, the area is responsible for 
managing risk data. 
Comprehensive model risk management: unit that performs independent controls and tests to ensure that the models built for credit risk management 
meet the desired standards and the purpose for which they were designed. Likewise, it has the role of certifying the models associated with provisions 
for credit loss. 
Operations (ACA): responsible for ensuring that operations are processed in accordance with the criteria approved by the credit solver, validating, 
among other things, the validity, the margins, and the conditions.  
Exploitation of policies: area responsible for the margin loading processes and owner of the limit control systems. 
b) Credit risk measurement methodologies 
 
In accordance with the provisions of Chapter B1 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks, banks must permanently evaluate their 
portfolio of loans and contingent loans, to timely establish the necessary and sufficient provisions to cover the expected losses associated with the 
characteristics of debtors and their credits, which determine payment behavior and subsequent recovery. 
 
The Bank has a series of models that are applied depending on the type of portfolio and operations. These models are approved by the Board of Directors, 
who is informed annually of the sufficiency of provisions. In accordance with the standard, the provision models are divided into individual portfolio or 
group portfolio models. These models. As well as other management models, are managed through a mature governance structure, whose components 
are: 
 
● Policies and Regulations: clearly establish the roles and responsibilities of each unit involved in this process. The guiding principles are control 
by opposition and the fact that management is based on three lines of defense. These policies and regulations also establish the approval routes 
of the models according to their inherent risk. 
 
● Collegiate Structures: The different councils that officiate as approval instances, as well as where corrective and alignment measures are taken to 
guarantee the correct management of the risk implicit in the use of models are: the Technical Council of Models, the Council of Risk of Models, 
the Management Committee, and the Executive Committee (Board of Directors). The instances necessary for approval are determined by the 
Inherent Risk of the model to be approved. 
● Units participating in Model Management are divided into three lines of defense: 
 
- 
First Line: This line includes the teams that develop analytical solutions, monitor the implemented models, deploy said solutions (IT) in 
the Bank's systems, and the business units that use said results and integrate them into management. Its objective is to ensure the transparency 
and sustainability of the model throughout its life cycle. 
 
- 
Second Line: in this line is the Validation Unit, which with independent tests (proportional to the inherent risk of the model) ensures that 
the model was estimated without flaws and that it has an adequate methodological approach. It is concerned with carrying out tests to ensure 
the correct functioning of the model once it is productive, as well as compliance with the internal regulatory framework. Its goal is to 
challenge designed solutions. 
 
- 
Third Line: this function is performed by the Comptroller, it is responsible for ensuring that both the first and second lines adhere to the 
declared management framework, as well as the directions of the Regulator and internal policy. 
 
c) Credit risk appetite 
 
The risk appetite framework establishes the limits within which Management must execute the strategy and conduct the Bank’s business, optimizing the 
risk-return relationship. Through this, the aim is to understand the risks to which the Bank and its subsidiaries are exposed to manage them proactively. 
The conceptual framework of the risk appetite is defined based on the following elements: (1) Corporate risk tolerance statement, (2) Governance and 
monitoring of risk tolerance ratios and (3) Incorporation of the risk appetite in the key processes. 
Having a risk appetite framework makes it possible to ensure prudent and efficient risk taking and helps to conduct the strategy, through regular and 
systematic analysis of the evolution of material risks and timely communication of the risk profile to the High Administration and Directory. 
Different areas and committees of the Bank and its subsidiaries participated in the survey of risks and in the definition of the guiding principles and 
the dimensions and metrics for their control. 
The review of the appetite framework is a process that takes place annually. In accordance with the best practices and main risks present in the Bank and 
the financial system. Through this process, areas and dimensions of risk are identified, as well as emerging risks (based on the risk identification and 
assessment process). 
 
F-247

--- Page 550 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 122 
 
Additionally, there is a monthly follow-up and monitoring process of risk appetite ratios, where the following activities are distinguished: 
● 
Monitoring, review, and consolidation of risk tolerance reports of the Bank and subsidiaries. 
● Review and monitoring of action plans associated with ratios at risk. 
● 
Sending of results report to risk owners. 
● 
Monthly monitoring report of risk appetite ratios to the Risk Appetite Council and the corresponding executive-level committees (Profitability 
and Capital Adequacy Committee, Operational Risk Committee. Assets and Liabilities Committee, among others). 
● 
Submission of monthly appetite report to the Management Committee (CDD) and Directors. 
● 
Presentation of the status of corporate risk appetite and the status of current plans in the Finance and Risk Committee. 
 
 
 
Figure N° 1: Monthly follow-up scheme and monitoring of risk tolerance ratios  
 
 
The material risks managed under the appetite framework are as follows: Credit, market and counterparty, liquidity, operational, compliance, strategic, 
capital adequacy, reputational, models and ESG risk. 
In the case of credit risk, they correspond to the economic losses assumed by the Bank and its subsidiaries as a result of non-compliance with the 
contractual obligations assumed by the counterparties. It is the most relevant risk for the Bank and its subsidiaries, its full and detailed understanding is 
essential for proper performance. 
Compliance with the credit limit for related debtors according to Art,84 No. 2 of the General Law of Banks and RAN 12-4 
In accordance with article 84 of the General Bank Law, the relationship of related debtors that affects both natural and legal persons with the Bank 
occurs when: 
a) Has a direct, indirect or through third party participation in the property of the institution greater than or equal to 5% of the capital. 
b) Participates in the management of the entity: corresponding to those people who, without necessarily having an ownership interest, exercise some 
degree of control over the decisions of the entity or any of its subsidiaries, Directors, the general manager, the assistant general manager, 
managers and assistant managers, agents, and persons who are general attorneys-in-fact or serve as advisers to the board of directors, a committee 
of directors, or management, such as also the prosecutor, the chief lawyer, and the comptroller. 
The global limit for all loans granted to groups of people related to the Bank by ownership or management as of December 31, 2023, is 6.39%, 
 
Indicator Name 
Regulatory 
Limit 
Dec-23 
% On Equity 
Dec-23 
MCh$ 
Total exposure related by management or ownership 
100%
6.39%
477,114
Maximum group exposure related to management or ownership (Not Collateralized) 
5%
2.14%
159,889
 
e) Collateral Guarantees and other credit enhancements obtained 
The maximum exposure to credit risk is reduced by guarantees, credit enhancements and other actions that mitigate the Bank's exposure. Therefore, the 
constitution of guarantees in favor of the Bank is a necessary mechanism, but not sufficient for the granting of a loan; therefore, the acceptance of the 
risk by the Bank will require the verification of other variables such as the payment capacity or generation of resources to mitigate the risk incurred. 
 
The Bank has robust procedures for the management and valuation of its collateral guarantees, for which it has internal regulations, approved by the 
Corporate Risk Management. 
The BCI appraisal process is described below: 
The appraisal value corresponds to the value assigned to the asset to receive it as collateral, at the time the appraisal is requested, at a current market value, 
added to the risks of possible price fluctuations and difficulties in disposing of the asset in the event of having to be liquidated, due to default by the 
debtor. 
Therefore, the value obtained by the appraiser is given by taking into account the different records compiled for its evaluation, taking into account the 
real transaction values, "offer value according to the market", as well as complementary records of leases or manufacturing of goods, similar 
characteristics and conditions, existing in the market at the time of appraisal, excluding considerations based on mere expectations regarding the 
improvement of future conditions. 
 
Cascading and 
definition of limits
Monitoring
Mitigation 
Action Plan
Performance 
Report
Risk Appetite 
Review
Risk Appetite 
Statement
F-248

--- Page 551 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 123 
Appraisal Methodology 
The Bank uses various methodologies to determine the value of the appraisal, such as the comparative method or market value, depending on the type 
of asset to be appraised. 
Regardless of the valuation method used. The so-called "settlement value" will be generated, which will consider adjustments to the value of the collateral 
asset to incorporate in it some of the following aspects, which could affect its value in the future: 
● Expected depreciation or obsolescence 
● Price Fluctuation Risk 
● Execution expenses and marketing costs 
● Economic, social, health or war crisis 
 
Types of guarantees 
 
The guarantees can be grouped between real guarantees and personal guarantees, within the first ones are: 
 
● Property 
 
They are things that cannot be transported from one place to another, such as land, for example, things or objects that adhere permanently, to which they 
cannot be transported, such as solid material buildings, bridges, sewers, are also considered real estate, wells, tunnels, aqueducts, etc. 
 
● Movable property 
 
Under this denomination, transferable assets such as machinery, vehicles or any other asset of the company that does not comply with being real estate 
are understood. 
 
● Financial guarantees 
 
They correspond to representative documents of value such as term deposits, pledges on mutual funds, stand-by credit letter or other financial instruments 
whose issuers are recognized by the CMF. 
 
The so-called personal guarantees include guarantees and solidarity bonds granted by natural or legal persons to support credit operations of third parties. 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL RISK 
Introduction 
BCI has adopted the Basel Committee's definition of Operational Risk, which defines it as the "risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal 
processes, personnel and systems or from external events". This definition includes technology risk, legal risk and regulatory compliance risk. 
Additionally, the Bank has considered reputational risk as an independent risk for management. 
 
Operational risk is a risk inherent to all banking products and services, processes and systems and accordingly, effective management of this risk is a 
critical component of the Bank's risk management program. 
 
Description of operational risk policies 
Our Operational Risk Policy establishes the management framework for this risk, which contains the necessary elements for its governance, executed 
through the actions of different committees defined in this policy, which aim to build a robust culture for effective management; through the process of 
identifying and managing risk on an ongoing basis; measuring; defining strategies for its mitigation; reporting and operational risk culture, establishing 
clear roles and responsibilities based on the three lines of defense approach. 
The principles of the policy are as follows: 
 
The Board of Directors and senior management promote the generation of a healthy risk culture in all Bci's operational risk collaborators. 
 
Bci has a framework for operational risk management consistent with the volume and complexity of its activities, which is implemented 
throughout the organization. 
 
Bci manages operational risk based on the three lines of defense approach, where all employees assume and understand their roles and 
responsibilities with respect to operational risk management. 
 
For Bci, operational risk management is a fundamental element for the achievement of the business strategy, by strengthening the internal 
control environment, we promote the generation and maintenance of safe, simple processes with effective controls to reduce losses, claims, 
operational and technological incidents, improve the customer experience, and protect BCI’s assets and reputation. 
 
The policy considers the guidelines and requirements established by the Financial Market Commission and the recommendations of the Basel Committee 
regarding good operational risk management practices. 
 
Operational risk management structure 
Governance is pivotal for a robust operational risk management and culture. Such governance is performed through the actions of different committees 
made up of directors, senior management and the management areas compromising management for daily management actions.  
 
The detail of the roles and responsibilities of the committees indicated in this policy are described in the bylaws approved and published by each 
particular committee. 
 
F-249

--- Page 552 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 124 
Committees formed by Directors: 
 
 
 
The committees formed by directors that have a direct relationship with operational risk management are as follows. 
Executive Committee of the Board of Directors:  
 
• 
Responsible for the approval of operational risk policies that address the relative importance of operational risks considering the volume and 
complexity of transactions and supervising their compliance.  
• 
Approval of the Risk Appetite.  
• 
Approval of the operational risk management strategy, understanding operational risk as a category different from traditional risks. 
• 
Foster the implementation of a definition of operational risk and recognize it as a risk that can be managed. 
 
Finance and Corporate Risk Committee: 
 
• 
Responsible for monitoring operational risks levels. 
 
Directors' Committee:  
 
• 
Takes cognizance of the operational risks reported by the Comptroller's Office, Non-Financial Risk Management, External Auditors and other 
sources, for which purpose it examines the action plans or measures that have been defined or are being implemented for such purposes. 
 
Operational and Technology Risk Committee:  
 
At the meeting of the Board of Directors of Bci, held on October 24, 2023, the directors agreed to create a new Operational and Technology Risk 
Committee. This Committee is composed of five Directors and is chaired by the Bank’s Chairman.  
 
This new committee is  responsible for reviewing the Bank's operational and technology risk management program, as well as the results from its 
performance.  
 
 The information is presented as follows: 
 
• 
Risk appetite evolution of indicators and management of action plans to ensure that risks are within the limits of the risk appetite established.  
• 
Operational and technology risk management programs, progress, results from performance, implementation of action for continuous improvement 
and risk reduction. 
 
Committees formed by Senior Management: 
 
The committees formed by the General Manager and/or first level managers reporting to the General Manager that have a direct relationship in the 
management of operational risk are as follows: 
 
Operational Risk and Information Security Committee 
 
• 
This committee is chaired by Bci's Chief Executive Officer and is responsible for operational risk management for the Bank and its subsidiaries.  
 
Corporate Compliance and Prevention Committee 
 
• 
Committee chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and responsible for the management of Corporate Compliance for the Bank and its Subsidiaries. 
 
Operational Risk and Information Security Committee of Banks  
 
• 
Committee chaired by the first level Manager reporting to the Chief Executive Officer of the Business and Support Units and responsible for 
operational risk management in each Business (Finance, Wholesale, Retail and MACH). 
 
Committees specializing in the management of specific operational risks 
 
The purpose of these committees is the specific and specialized management of operational risks: 
Information Security and Cybersecurity Committee:  
 
• 
Committee responsible for the governance of the information security and cybersecurity management system.  
 
Risk Management Committee for Outsourced Services:  
 
• 
Committee responsible for the governance of operational risk management in services provided to third parties and strategic suppliers.  
 
Corporate Business Continuity Risk Committee:  
 
• 
Committee responsible for the governance of business continuity management, disaster recovery plan and crisis management. 
Operational risk management in subsidiaries 
With respect to operational risk management in the subsidiaries, the operational risk work methodologies have been continuously reinforced with the 
risk management teams of the Bank's subsidiaries, who execute the risk management program in each subsidiary with an independent corporate 
governance, coordinated and aligned with the policies, risk appetite framework and corporate risk governance.  
 
 
F-250

--- Page 553 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 125 
Non-Financial Risk Management 
It is responsible for designing policies, programs, and methodologies for the adequate management of non-financial risk, understood as the different 
types of operational risks and compliance risks, among which are the prevention of money laundering and regulatory risks. The role of this management 
is to mobilize the execution of the activities of this risk management program, measure and monitor the level of risk independently from the first line, 
Responsible for the development of governance committees and the reporting of risk levels. 
Non-Financial Risk Management is actively involved in: 
 
Operational Incident Management 
 
The Bank has systems, procedures, organization, and governance in place to identify operational incidents. assess their impact, mitigate their effects, 
monitor security and operations, and report them in a timely manner. Incidents are a source of root cause analysis and implementation of improvement 
plans, which are shared with the CMF. 
 
Information Security and Cybersecurity 
 
An Information Security Management System has been implemented with the purpose of highlighting the relevance of data and information for the 
Bank. This management system provides the essential criteria and guidelines regarding the administration, custody and use of the information and means 
required for its treatment, in order to ensure its availability, confidentiality and integrity. 
 
The Information Security Management System has a specific policy, from which Information Security Regulations are derived, which form the regulatory 
framework that provides the Corporation's security guidelines on specific matters, emphasizing the controls, roles and responsibilities that all the Bank's 
units must implement to safeguard the information and associated resources.  
 
In addition, this security management system has been complemented by the use of the FFIEC's Cyber Security Assessment Tool (CAT), which allows 
the Bank to continuously measure the level of exposure to cybersecurity risk and the maturity of the controls required to keep such risks within acceptable 
levels. 
 
 
Business continuity and crisis management 
 
The Bank has implemented a Business Continuity Management System within the framework of the Business Continuity Policy, in order to define the 
essential criteria and processes to be considered in the preparation, maintenance and testing of Business Continuity Plans, Disaster Recovery Plan and 
Crisis Management Plan, in order to limit the impacts of a disaster event, maintaining the service levels defined as tolerable for customers and the 
community. 
 
 
Fraud Prevention 
 
External Fraud Prevention 
 
The Bank has implemented a fraud prevention strategy that safeguards the assets of our customers, the Bank and the Bank's reputation and image. For 
such purpose, processes, technologies, methodologies and analytical models are constantly reinforced to verify the identity of customers in a robust 
manner, to prevent, predict and detect fraud risks, to ensure, full compliance with current regulatory requirements and reinforce the culture and adherence 
to the ethical framework in the actions of the Bank's employees and its subsidiaries.  
 
The Bank's fraud risk strategy is also focused on establishing a healthy balance between the operational risk variables and customer experience, ensuring 
that customers have a memorable experience when using payment methods and banking services. 
 
Internal Fraud Prevention 
 
The Bank intends that its employees permanently live a culture of comprehensive fraud prevention, focused on the principles and values that the Bank 
has forged over time, based on a permanent rejection of any behavior that may break trust. 
 
For such purpose, continuous education on fraud issues is driven. A clear and determined attitude of zero tolerance to internal fraud helps prevent and 
face this type of risk. While searching for keeping a mitigated risk, we analyze unusual patterns of internal fraud risks, using robust predictive tools and 
models for prevention and detection of abnormal behaviors, which allow us to anticipate and timely detect non-compliance with regulations, bad 
practices, control weaknesses and possible internal frauds. 
 
Operational risk management in outsourced services 
 
For making decisions to engage a service, operational risk aspects must be considered to prevent impacts, particularly for outsourced services, strategic 
or sensitive activities for the Bank's operations.  
 
For such purpose, a Risk Management Policy for Outsourced Services has been implemented, which establishes a process for the classification of 
outsourced services, evaluation and monitoring of services and suppliers, which allows managing the different risks in the services provided to third 
parties. 
 
 
Insurance 
 
The Bank has risk mitigation programs through insurance policies that transfer the risk of high-severity losses. 
 
 
Security procedures and controls 
 
The Bank has adequate security controls for the physical protection of cash, negotiable instruments, precious metals, and client assets. 
 
Regulatory Risk Prevention: 
 
Regulatory management 
  
The Bank has implemented procedures, programs and processes that ensure that all its activities are perform strictly complying with applicable external 
and internal regulations, and regarding all the countries and jurisdictions in which it operates, contemplating the processes of control and continuous 
monitoring of the management of several risks such as Crime Prevention, which ensures due compliance with the Law on Criminal Liability of Legal 
Entities; the Protection of Free Competition; the Protection of Consumer Rights and the Protection of Personal Data. In addition, it has a continuous 
process for the review of new external regulations so that these are incorporated into the internal regulatory framework. 
 
 
F-251

--- Page 554 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 126 
 
Crime prevention program 
Bci has a crime prevention program certified by an independent organization, established in accordance with the provisions of Law No. 20,393 on 
Criminal Liability of Legal Entities, which establishes a corporate organization to prevent the commission of these and other crimes by some of the 
members of Bci, Therefore, it seeks to prevent and avoid the commission of behaviors described in this regulation and to guarantee that, in the event that 
any employee engages in any of these behaviors, he/she will do so not only in contradiction with the corporate culture, but also in spite of the efforts 
made by the company to prevent it. 
 
Program for the Protection of Free Competition 
 
The objective of the Program for the Protection of Free Competition is to avoid anti-competitive practices, which are established in DL 211, because 
they can delay the development of new goods and services, the efficient allocation of resources, the adequate satisfaction of needs, and the participation 
of new and better suppliers of goods and services in the different markets.  
 
Exposure to losses from Operational Risk events 
 
Figures are in millions of Chilean pesos and correspond to the accumulated between January and December 2023: 
 
Event type 
Net Loss 
Recovery 
Net recovery 
(loss) 
Internal fraud 
(44) 
73 
29 
External fraud 
(11,877) 
5,715 
(6,162) 
Labor practices and business safety 
(1,261) 
2 
(1,259) 
Customers, products and business practices 
(1,271) 
61 
(1,210) 
Damage to physical assets 
(514) 
285 
(229) 
Business interruption and system failures 
(433) 
32 
(401) 
Process execution, delivery and management 
(1,582) 
1,341 
(241) 
Totals 
(16,982) 
7,509 
(9,473) 
 
 
 
 
F-252

--- Page 555 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 127 
 
NOTE 48 – INFORMATION ON REGULATORY CAPITAL AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY RATIOS 
a) Regulatory capital strategy and objectives 
 
The management of the Bank's regulatory capital seeks to ensure: (i) a level of capital adequacy in the short, medium, and long term, (ii) a profitability 
commensurate with the risks assumed by the business units, (iii) compliance with strategic financial objectives and (iv) compliance with internal limits 
and the regulatory framework. 
 
To this end. The main ratios and metrics associated with capital management are periodically generated, analyzed, and reported to the relevant governing 
bodies (Profitability and Capital Adequacy Council, Executive Committee and Board of Directors) and the necessary action plans are drawn up. 
 
BCI defines its capital management objectives considering the level of effective equity that the entity considers necessary to maintain both now and, in 
the future, formally contemplated in its capital planning process and that is consistent with the risks inherent to its activity, to the economic environment 
in which it operates, its governance, risk management and control systems, its strategic business plan, the quality of the available assets and the real 
possibilities of obtaining greater own resources. 
 
As of December 31, 2023, the minimum regulatory capital requirement is 11.38%, in accordance with the transitory provisions applicable to the 
systemic charge and conservation buffer, which is evaluated on an ongoing basis by the regulator. 
 
Banco BCI´s minimum capital requirements as of December 31, 2023 under Basel III guidelines: 
Capital CET1 
Capital T1 
Capital T2 
Total Regulatory Capital 
Pillar I 
4.50 
1.50 
2.00 
8.00 
Pillar II 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Systemic charge (1) 
0.88 
0.00 
0.00 
0.88 
Conservation buffer (2) 
2.50 
0.00 
0.00 
2.50 
Countercyclical buffer 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Total 
7.88 
1.50 
2.00 
11.38 
 
(1) Systemic charge: considers the gradual incorporation (50% as of December 23) of the total charge of 1.50% of core capital with respect to total risk-weighted assets. As established in 
the transitory provisions defined in chapter 21-11 of the RAN. 
(2) Transitional provisions for the conservation buffer are not considered, considering that they do not apply to compliance with the conditions required in chapter 1-13 of the RAN to 
maintain an A solvency rating. 
 
b) Policies and processes for capital management 
 
To achieve the objectives, regulatory capital management will be articulated based on the following essential elements, in line with chapter 21-13 of the 
RAN on the evaluation of the sufficiency of effective equity of banks: 
Identification and evaluation of risks: Senior Management must perform the corporate risk identification and evaluation process to assess the material 
risks to which the Bank and its subsidiaries are exposed. 
Tolerance framework: There must be a tolerance framework that ensures the conduct of business within the established and approved risk ranges. The 
most relevant risks must have limits and regular monitoring by Senior Management. 
Determination of an internal capital objective: The Bank must establish an internal capital objective higher than the minimum requirements 
established in article 66 of the LGB, which will be approved by the Board of Directors. 
Stress tests: There must be a corporate stress testing program that identifies possible vulnerabilities and allows analysis of the ability to generate results 
and the adequacy of capital under severe, low probability but plausible scenarios. Additionally, the bank must have capital recovery plans that allow it to 
meet the target solvency levels. 
 
Corporate strategic planning and monitoring process: The strategic planning process must be developed continuously considering a reflection and 
adaptation of the strategy, the prioritization of resource allocation, the definition of financial planning with a prospective vision, the setting of goals and 
the monitoring of strategic objectives. 
 
Monitoring and follow-up: Adequate monitoring and follow-up systems must be established for risk assessment that allow effective supervision of 
compliance with business plans and determine how the incidence of changes in the risk profile could translate into capital requirements, additional. 
Internal control: The internal control structure is a fundamental part of the capital evaluation process, Effective control over the capital evaluation 
process must incorporate an independent review, and when required, the involvement of internal auditors and/or an external audit firm. 
c) External capital requirement 
 
BCI manages the capital considering the definition of articles 66, 55 and 55bis of the LGB and chapter 21-1 of the RAN on equity for legal and regulatory 
purposes and is made up of basic capital (common equity tier 1 capital or CET1), additional tier 1 capital (AT1) and tier 2 capital (T2). 
 
The CET1 corresponds to subscribed and paid shares plus the other items that are part of the accounting equity of the banks, with a floor of 4.5% of the 
RWA. 
 
AT1 is defined in chapter 21-2 of the RAN and corresponds to preferred shares and bonds without a fixed maturity date, subordinated to T2 and subject 
to capitalization, depreciation and re-appreciation or expiration, depending on the issuance conditions. The LGB imposes a floor of 6% of the RWAs 
for Tier 1 capital (CET1+AT1). 
 
T2 is made up of fixed-term bonds, subordinated to other obligations, for up to 50% of CET1, plus voluntary provisions (whatever exceeds the specific 
ones) for up to 1,25% of APRC, net of required provisions, when the banks use standardized methodologies to calculate the denominator, or 0.625%, in 
the case of using their own methodologies. 
 
The minimum effective regulatory capital is specific to each bank and depends on the base capital requirement. Its systemic quality (systemic charge) 
and the additional capital required for the assessment of the adequacy of effective capital (Pillar 2). 
 
On top of this specific minimum for each bank, basic capital buffers are added: the conservation and counter-cyclical buffer for solvency level A 
classification. 
 
 
 
F-253

--- Page 556 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 128 
 
On March 31, 2023, the CMF approved to maintain the systemic quality of six banks in Chile, of which the Bank is among them. This rating is governed 
by requirements framed in RAN 21-11, which considers a systemic importance index per entity, the factors considered are the following: 
 
 Bank size 
 Interconnection with other financial entities 
 Difficulty of replacing the Bank in the provision of financial services 
 Complexity of its business model and operating structure 
 
In the case of the Bank, the additional core capital charge increased from 1.5% to 1.75%. This increase is mainly due to the growth in the Bank's 
participation in the factors of size, interconnectedness and complexity. These higher requirements are applied gradually, so that the additional core 
capital charges due in December 2023 will be equivalent to 50% of such percentage. 
 
Additionally, on May 23, 2023, the board of the Central Bank of Chile, at its financial policy meeting, agreed to activate the countercyclical capital 
requirement at a level of 0.5% of risk-weighted assets; this requirement will be enforceable within one year and must be included in the May 2024 
solvency report. The requirement is activated in accordance with the capital standards implemented by Basel III, which are in line with the provisions 
of the third paragraph of RAN 21-12, which frames the provisions of Article 66 ter of the General Banking Law. 
 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, total assets, risk-weighted assets, and components of effective equity are as follows: 
 
No. 
Item Description 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
N° 
Item Description 
Global  
Consolidated 
Local  
Consolidated (f) 
Local 
Consolidated (f) 
Local 
Consolidated (f) 
12-31-2023 
12-31-2022 
12-31-2023 
12-31-2022 
% 
% 
% 
% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
Leverage Indicator (T1_I18/T1_I7) 
7.368 
5.964  
6.849 
5.487 
1.b 
Leverage indicator that the bank must meet, considering the minimum requirements 
3.000 
3.000 
3.000 
3.000 
2 
Basic capital indicator (T1_I18/T1_I11.b) 
11.079 
 9.395 
10.098 
 8.484 
2.a 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital indicator that the bank must meet 
5.375 
4.875 
5.375 
4.875 
2.b 
Capital buffer shortfall 
0.000 
- 
0.000 
- 
3 
Tier 1 capital indicator (T1_I25/T1_I11.b) 
11.079 
 9.895 
10.098 
 8.984 
3.a 
Level 1 capital indicator that the bank must meet, considering the minimum requirements 
6.000 
6.000 
6.000 
6.000 
4 
Effective equity indicator (T1_I31/T1_I11.b) 
14.421 
12.954  
14.757 
 13.276 
4.1 
Effective equity indicator that the bank must meet, considering the minimum requirements 
8.000 
8.000 
8.000 
8.000 
4.b 
Effective equity indicator that the bank must comply with, considering the charges for article 35 bis, if applicable 
8.875 
8.375 
8.875 
8.375 
4.c 
Effective equity indicator that the bank must meet, considering the minimum requirements, the conservation buffer, and 
the cyclical buffer 
9.875 
9.250 
9.875 
9.250 
5 
Solvency rating (Level A, B or C) 
A 
A 
A 
A 
 
 
Regulatory compliance indicators for solvency 
 
 
6 
Voluntary provisions (additional) imputed in Tier 2 capital (T2) in relation to APRC (T1_I26 /(T1_I8.a or 8.b )) 
0.856 
1.011 
1.212 
1.250 
7 
Subordinated bonds imputed in capital level 2 (T2) in relation to basic capital 
23.647 
23.465 
36.531 
38.639 
8 
Tier 1 additional capital (AT1) in relation to basic capital (T1_I24/T1_I18) 
0.000 
5.322 
0.000 
5.894 
9 
Voluntary provisions (additional) and subordinated bonds that are charged to additional tier 1 capital (AT1) in relation 
to RWAs ((T1_I19+T1_I 20)/ T1_I11.b) 
0.000 
0.500 
0.000 
0.500 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Global 
Consolidated 
Local 
Consolidated 
Global 
Consolidated 
Local 
Consolidated 
12-31-2023 
12-31-2022 
12-31-2023 
12-31-2022 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
1 
Total assets according to the statement of financial position 
 79,301,150  
 78,049,118  
 58,604,114  
 58,277,063  
2 
Investment in subsidiaries that are not consolidated 
 -  
 -  
 2,194,630  
 1,761,674  
3 
Assets discounted from regulatory capital, other than item 2 
 625,736  
 155,234  
 413,059  
306,292 
4.a 
Financial derivatives 
 8,000,370  
 8,559,504  
 7,940,817  
 8,485,450  
4.b 
Credit Equivalents 
 2,488,995  
 2,263,520  
 2,355,274  
 2,151,182  
5 
contingent loans 
 5,130,516  
 4,949,466  
 4,106,104  
 3,914,248  
6 
Assets generated by the intermediation of financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
7 
= (1-2-3-4a+4b+5-6) Total assets for regulatory purposes 
 78,294,555  
 76,547,366  
 54,516,986  
53,789,077 
8.a 
Assets weighted by credit risk, estimated according to the standard methodology (APRC) 
 43,894,152  
 41,060,729  
 29,628,033  
 28,234,753  
8.b 
Assets weighted by credit risk, estimated according to internal methodologies (APRC) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
9 
Assets weighted by market risk (APRM) 
 3,965,708  
 3,782,050  
 3,859,249  
 3,449,848  
10 
Assets weighted by operational risk (APRO) 
 4,203,656  
 3,749,857  
 3,490,709  
 3,102,351  
11th 
= (8.a/ 8.b +9+10) Risk-Weighted Assets (APR) 
 52,063,516  
 48,592,636  
 36,977,991  
 34,786,952  
11.b 
= (8.a/ 8.b +9+10) Risk-weighted assets, after applying the output floor (APR) 
 52,063,516  
 48,592,636  
 36,977,991  
 34,786,952  
12 
owners' assets 
 6,065,795  
 4,775,478  
 6,065,795  
 4,775,478  
13 
Non-controlling interest 
 1,581  
 1,323  
 2  
 2  
14 
Goodwill 
 158,641  
 155,234  
 18,982  
 19,607  
15 
Excess minority investments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
16 
= (12+13-14-15) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (CET1) 
 5,908,735  
 4,621,567  
 6,046,815  
 4,755,873  
17 
Additional deductions to ordinary capital level 1, other than item 2 
 140,375  
 56,123  
 118,224  
 43,003  
18 
= (16-17-2) Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
 5,768,360  
 4,565,444  
 3,733,961  
 2,951,196  
19 
Voluntary provisions (additional) imputed as additional capital level 1 (AT1) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
20 
Subordinated bonds imputed as additional capital level 1 (AT1) 
 -  
 242,963  
- 
 173,935  
21 
Preferred shares allocated to additional tier 1 capital (AT1) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
22 
Bonds without a fixed term of maturity imputed to additional capital level 1 (AT1) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
23 
Discounts applied to AT1 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
24 
= (19+20+21+22-23) Additional tier 1 capital (AT1) 
 -  
 242,963  
- 
 173,935  
25 
= (18+24) Capital level 1 
 5,768,360  
 4,808,407  
 3,733,961  
 3,125,131  
26 
Voluntary provisions (additional) imputed as Tier 2 capital (T2) 
 375,900  
 415,022  
 359,000  
 352,934  
27 
Subordinated bonds imputed as Tier 2 capital (T2) 
 1,364,048  
 1,071,278  
 1,364,048  
 1,140,306  
28 
Equivalent tier 2 capital (T2) 
 1,739,948  
 1,486,300  
 1,723,048  
 1,493,240  
29 
Discounts applied to T2 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
30 
= (28-29) Tier 2 capital (T2) 
 1,739,948  
 1,486,300  
 1,723,048  
 1,493,240  
31 
= (25+30) Effective equity 
 7,508,308  
 6,294,707  
 5,457,009  
 4,618,371  
32 
Additional basic capital required for the constitution of the conservation buffer 
 976,191  
                 607,408  
 693,337  
                    434,837  
33 
Additional basic capital required to set up the countercyclical buffer 
 -  
                          -  
 -  
- 
34 
Additional basic capital required for banks qualified as systemic 
 911,112  
             182,222  
 647,115  
                 130,451  
35 
Additional capital required for the evaluation of the adequacy of effective equity (Pillar 2) 
 -  
                          -  
 -  
                        -  
F-254

--- Page 557 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2023 / 129 
NOTE 49 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
On February 1, 2024, the Bank successfully completed the pricing of bonds with no fixed maturity, to be issued in the international market, for a total 
amount of US$ 500,000,000, at an annual rate of 8.75%. On February 8, 2024, the Bank successfully completed the placement of the bond in its entirety. 
 
The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bank and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2023 have been approved and authorized for issuance by the 
Board of Directors at its meeting held on February 27, 2024. 
 
Between January 1, 2024 and the date of issuance of these Consolidated Financial Statements, there have been no other subsequent events that may 
affect the presentation of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Alfredo Mendoza Osorio 
Eugenio Von Chrismar Carvajal  
Chief Accounting Officer 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
F-255

--- Page 558 ---
F-256

--- Page 559 ---
ERROR 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021 
CONTENT 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-257

--- Page 560 ---
Independent Auditor’s Report 
To the Shareholders 
  Banco de Crédito e Inversiones: 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Banco de Crédito e Inversiones 
and its Subsidiaries, which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position as of December 31, 
2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, other comprehensive income, changes 
in equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial 
statements. 
Management’s responsibility for the consolidated financial statements 
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements 
in accordance with the standards and instructions provided by the Chilean Financial Market Commission; 
this responsibility includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the 
preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material 
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
Auditor’s responsibility 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with Auditing Standards Generally Accepted in Chile. Those 
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the 
consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement. 
An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the 
consolidated financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor's judgment, including the 
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to 
fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the entity's 
preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures 
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the 
effectiveness of the entity's internal control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes 
evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant 
accounting estimates made by Management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the 
consolidated financial statements. 
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
audit opinion. 
F-258

--- Page 561 ---
Opinion 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, 
the financial position of Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 
2021, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in accordance with 
accounting standards and instructions issued by the Chilean Financial Market Commission. 
Other matters 
a) Implementation of the new compendium of accounting standards for banks
As indicated in Note 4 to these consolidated financial statements, the Bank has implemented the changes 
established by the new Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks issued by the Chilean Financial 
Market Commission (CMF) in the consolidated financial statements beginning on January 1, 2022. In 
addition, the comparative consolidated financial statements as of December 31 and as of January 1, 2021 
are presented with retrospective effect to such changes in the Compendium.  
b) Other auditors
The consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2020, used as a basis for the opening balances 
as of January 1, 2021, and before the retroactive adjustments required by the new Compendium of 
Accounting Standards for Banks, were audited by other auditors whose report thereon dated January 26, 
2021, expressed an unmodified opinion, including an emphasis of matter paragraph for the acquisition and 
merger of Executive National Bank by City National Bank of Florida (CNB), a subsidiary of BCI.   As part of 
our audit of the 2022 financial statements, we also audited the adjustments described in Note 4 to the 
consolidated financial statements that were applied to provide retrospective recognition to the opening 
balances of the financial statements as of January 1, 2021. In our opinion, such adjustments are appropriate 
and have been properly applied.  We were not engaged to audit, review or perform any other procedures 
on the financial statements as of January 1, 2021, and accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any 
other form of assurance on the financial statements as of January 1, 2021, taken as a whole. 
Ernesto Guzmán V. 
KPMG Ltda. 
Santiago, February 27, 2023 
F-259

--- Page 562 ---
Table of contents 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION ........................................................................................................................................................................................... 1 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME FOR THE PERIOD ................................................................................................................................................................................... 3 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD .......................................................................................................................................... 4 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY ............................................................................................................................................................................................ 5 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS ........................................................................................................................................................................................................ 6 
NOTE 1 – REPORTING ENTITY .................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 8 
NOTE 2 – BASIS OF ACCOUNTING ............................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 8 
NOTE 3 – NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS ISSUED AND ADOPTED, OR ISSUED BUT NOT YET ADOPTED ................................................................................................. 28 
NOTE 4 – ACCOUNTING CHANGES .......................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 33 
NOTE 5 – SIGNIFICANT EVENTS ............................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 37 
NOTE 6 – BUSINESS SEGMENTS ............................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 40 
NOTE 7 – CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 42 
NOTE 8 – FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD FOR TRADING AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS ............................................................................................................................. 43 
NOTE 9 – FINANCIAL ASSETS NOT HELD FOR TRADING MANDATORILY MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS ........................................................................ 44 
NOTE 10 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS ................................................................................................................................. 44 
NOTE 11 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ............................................................................................................................... 45 
NOTE 12 – FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES CONTRACT FOR ACCOUNTING HEDGE .......................................................................................................................................................... 46 
NOTE 13 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTIZED COST .............................................................................................................................................................................................. 52 
NOTE 14 – INVESTMENTS IN COMPANIES ............................................................................................................................................................................................................... 66 
NOTE 15 – INTANGIBLE ASSETS ............................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 67 
NOTE 16 – PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 69 
NOTE 17 – RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES ...................................................................................................................................................................................... 70 
NOTE 18 – CURRENT TAXES AND DEFERRED TAXES ................................................................................................................................................................................................ 72 
NOTE 19 – OTHER ASSETS ....................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 76 
NOTE 20 – NON-CURRENT ASSETS AND DISPOSAL GROUP HELD FOR SALE AND LIABILITIES INCLUDED IN DISPOSAL GROUP HELD FOR SALE ................................................... 76 
NOTE 21 – FINANCIAL LIABILITIES HELD FOR TRADING AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS ..................................................................................................................... 77 
NOTE 22 – FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT AMORTIZED COST ........................................................................................................................................................................................ 77 
NOTE 23 – REGULATORY CAPITAL FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED .................................................................................................................................................................... 82 
NOTE 24 – PROVISIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES ........................................................................................................................................................................................................ 84 
NOTE 25 – PROVISIONS FOR DIVIDENDS, INTEREST PAYMENTS AND REVALUATION OF REGULATORY CAPITAL FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ....................................................... 85 
NOTE 26 – SPECIAL PROVISIONS FOR CREDIT LOSS ................................................................................................................................................................................................. 85 
NOTE 27 – OTHER LIABILITIES .................................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 87 
NOTE 28 – EQUITY ................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 87 
NOTE 29 – CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS ................................................................................................................................................................................................. 90 
NOTE 30 – INTEREST INCOME AND EXPENSES ........................................................................................................................................................................................................ 91 
NOTE 31 – INFLATION-INDEXATION INCOME AND EXPENSES ................................................................................................................................................................................ 93 
NOTE 32 – FEE INCOME AND EXPENSES .................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 94 
NOTE 33 – NET FINANCIAL INCOME (EXPENSE) ...................................................................................................................................................................................................... 95 
NOTE 34 – INCOME FROM INVESTMENTS IN COMPANIES ..................................................................................................................................................................................... 96 
NOTE 35 – RESULT FROM NON-CURRENT ASSETS AND DISPOSAL GROUPS HELD FOR SALE NOT ADMISSIBLE AS DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS ................................................ 96 
NOTE 36 – OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES ........................................................................................................................................................................................ 97 
NOTE 37 – EXPENSES FOR EMPLOYEE BENEFITS ..................................................................................................................................................................................................... 97 
NOTE 38 – ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .................................................................................................................................................................................................................. 98 
NOTE 39 – DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION .................................................................................................................................................................................................... 98 
NOTE 40 – IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS ............................................................................................................................................................................................ 99 
NOTE 41 – EXPENSES FOR CREDIT LOSSES .............................................................................................................................................................................................................. 99 
NOTE 42 – PROFIT OR LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS ........................................................................................................................................................................ 101 
NOTE 43 – RELATED PARTIES DISCLOSURES .......................................................................................................................................................................................................... 101 
NOTE 44 – FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES ............................................................................................................................................................................ 105 
NOTE 45 – MATURITY OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AS PER THEIR REMAINING TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 108 
NOTE 46 – FINANCIAL AND NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES BY CURRENCY .......................................................................................................................................... 109 
NOTE 47 – RISK MANAGEMENT AND REPORTING ................................................................................................................................................................................................ 111 
NOTE 48 – INFORMATION ON REGULATORY CAPITAL AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY RATIOS .................................................................................................................................... 133 
NOTE 49 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS .......................................................................................................................................................................................................................... 135 
F-260

--- Page 563 ---
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 1 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
As at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and January 1, 2021  
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
2022 
2021 
2021 
Note 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
Cash and bank deposits 
7 
 4,256,396 
3,960,498 
 4,597,868 
Transactions in the course of collection 
7 
 404,209 
350,072 
 236,710 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 7,680,615 
6,066,335 
 5,567,454 
Financial derivative contracts 
8 
 6,770,653 
5,192,467 
 4,420,175 
Debt financial instruments 
8 
 770,101 
717,058 
 1,049,848 
Other 
8 
 139,861 
156,810 
 97,431 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
9 
 71,282 
- 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
10 
 - 
- 
 - 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 10,477,361 
10,813,647 
 7,691,869 
Debt financial instruments 
11 
 10,477,361 
10,813,647 
 7,691,869 
Other 
11 
 - 
- 
 - 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
12 
 1,788,851 
1,589,058 
 1,031,722 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
 49,830,891 
43,730,731 
 35,589,133 
Rights for reverse repurchase agreements and securities lending 
13 
 182,061 
186,753 
 190,248 
Debt securities 
13 
 3,581,998 
2,296,066 
 25,145 
Loans and advances to banks 
13 
 767,700 
639,533 
 356,669 
Loans and receivables from customers - Commercial 
13 
 29,276,944 
26,686,186 
23,005,506 
Loans and receivables from customers - Mortgage 
13 
 12,809,381 
10,699,056 
 8,897,472 
Loans and receivables from customers - Consumer 
13 
 3,212,807 
3,223,137 
 3,114,093 
Investments in companies 
14 
 175,736 
115,414 
 109,057 
Intangible assets 
15 
 411,009 
440,958 
 395,276 
Property and equipment 
16 
 249,105 
252,734 
 251,217 
Right-of-use assets 
17 
 152,886 
189,026 
 204,807 
Current tax assets 
18 
 138,066 
19,572 
 36,270 
Deferred tax assets 
18 
 482,714 
253,552 
 209,626 
Other assets 
19 
 1,895,064 
1,319,963 
 1,198,442 
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale 
20 
 34,934 
45,718 
 32,281 
TOTAL ASSETS 
 78,049,119 
69,147,278 
 57,151,732 
The accompanying notes Nos. 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements
F-261

--- Page 564 ---
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 2 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
As at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and January 1, 2021  
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
2022 
2021 
2021 
Note 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
LIABILITIES 
Transactions in the course of payment 
7 
 330,138 
258,686 
 201,437 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
21 
 6,584,736 
5,094,231 
 4,530,724 
Financial derivative contracts 
21 
 6,584,736 
5,094,231 
 4,530,724 
Other 
21 
 - 
- 
 - 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
10 
 - 
- 
 - 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
12 
 2,590,468 
1,492,815 
 1,262,629 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
 59,760,444 
54,086,905 
 44,271,211 
Deposits and other on-demand liabilities 
22 
 24,122,165 
27,653,442 
 19,726,574 
Deposits and other term deposits 
22 
 18,245,965 
10,865,149 
 10,839,610 
Liabilities for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
22 
 384,883 
141,178 
 350,314 
Bank borrowings 
22 
 6,661,071 
6,970,837 
 6,270,698 
Debt financial instruments issued 
22 
 8,107,260 
7,428,196 
 6,172,971 
Other financial liabilities 
22 
 2,239,100 
1,028,103 
 911,044 
Lease liabilities 
17 
 136,448 
173,726 
 186,293 
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
23 
 1,499,299 
1,332,936 
 1,258,653 
Provisions for contingencies 
24 
 227,716 
138,611 
 130,964 
Provisions for dividends, payment of interests and revaluation of regulatory capital financial instruments 
issued 
25 
 246,247 
156,117 
 95,236 
Special provisions for credit loss 
26 
 491,055 
412,065 
 208,497 
Current taxes 
18 
 17,493 
141,535 
 9,073 
Deferred taxes 
18 
 1,612 
926 
 22,189 
Other liabilities 
27 
 1,386,662 
1,364,510 
 1,077,804 
Liabilities included in disposal groups held for sale 
20 
 - 
- 
 - 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 73,272,318 
64,653,063 
 53,254,710 
EQUITY 
Share capital 
28 
 4,225,332 
3,862,386 
 3,655,828 
Reserves 
28 
 (26,640) 
(23,100) 
 (26,722) 
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
28 
 2,211 
289,255 
 51,371 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
28 
 (182) 
- 
- 
items that may be reclassified to profit or loss 
28 
 2,393 
289,255 
 51,371 
Retained earnings from prior years 
28 
 - 
- 
 (6,758) 
Profit for the year 
28 
 820,822 
520,391 
 317,454 
Less: Provisions for dividends, payment of interests and revaluation of regulatory capital financial 
instruments issued 
28 
 (246,247) 
(156,117) 
 (95,236) 
Owners of the bank 
28 
 4,775,478 
4,492,815 
 3,895,937 
Non-controlling interests 
28 
 1,323 
1,400 
 1,085 
TOTAL EQUITY 
 4,776,801 
4,494,215 
 3,897,022 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
78,049,119 
69,147,278 
57,151,732 
The accompanying notes Nos. 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements
F-262

--- Page 565 ---
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 3 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  
For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021   
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
The accompanying notes Nos. 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
December 31, 
2022 
2021 
Note 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Interest income 
 2,903,692 
 1,709,828 
Interest expenses 
(1,343,274) 
 (349,599) 
Net interest income 
30 
 1,560,418 
 1,360,229 
Inflation-indexation income 
 1,476,901 
 655,232 
Inflation-indexation expenses 
(727,603) 
 (315,057) 
Net inflation-indexation income 
31 
 749,298 
 340,175 
Fee income 
 508,328 
 483,505 
Fee expense 
 (141,417) 
 (127,875) 
Net fee income 
32 
 366,911 
 355,630 
Finance income for: 
Financial assets and liabilities held for trading 
 23,774 
 135,809 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 (24,090) 
 - 
Financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 - 
- 
Income arising from derecognition of financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized cost and 
financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 8,399 
 - 
Foreign currency changes, inflation-indexation, and hedge accounting 
 (56,135) 
 (85,472) 
Reclassification of financial assets due to change in business model 
 - 
- 
Other finance income 
 - 
- 
Net finance income 
33 
 (48,052) 
 50,337 
Income from investments in companies 
34 
 7,404 
 2,290 
Income from non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale not admissible as discontinued 
operations 
35 
9,702 
 11,637 
Other operating income 
36 
 53,406 
 36,759 
TOTAL OPERATING INCOME 
2,699,087 
 2,157,057 
Expenses for employee benefit obligations 
37 
 (638,989) 
 (540,053) 
Administrative expenses 
38 
 (422,520) 
 (333,896) 
Depreciation and amortization 
39 
 (113,643) 
 (106,931) 
Impairment of non-financial assets 
40 
 (21,009) 
 (23) 
Other operating expenses 
36 
 (96,153) 
 (53,000) 
TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 
(1,292,314) 
 (1,033,903) 
OPERATING INCOME BEFORE CREDIT LOSSES 
1,406,773 
1,123,154 
Credit loss expense for: 
Provisions for credit loss of loans and advances to banks and loans and receivables from customers 
(484,580) 
 (287,367) 
Special provisions for credit loss 
 (81,910) 
 (192,403) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
 78,217 
 78,646 
Impairment due to credit loss of other financial assets at amortized cost and financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
(6,597) 
 - 
Credit loss expense 
41 
(494,870) 
 (401,124) 
OPERATING PROFIT 
911,903 
722,030 
Profit from continuing operations before tax 
 911,903 
 722,030 
Income tax 
 18 
 (90,879) 
 (201,484) 
Profit from continuing operations after tax 
821,024 
520,546 
Profit from discontinued operations before tax 
- 
- 
Discontinued operations tax 
42 
- 
- 
Profit from discontinued operations after tax 
- 
- 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
821,024 
520,546 
Attributable to: 
Owners of the Bank 
820,822 
 520,391 
Non-controlling interests 
202 
 155 
Earnings per share: 
Basic earnings 
5,664 
3,657 
Diluted earnings 
5,664 
3,657 
F-263

--- Page 566 ---
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 4 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021   
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
December 31, 
2022 
2021 
Note 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
 821,024 
 520,546 
Other comprehensive income from the year ended: 
ITEMS THAT WILL NOT BE RECLASSIFIED TO PROFIT OR LOSS 
Remeasurements of defined benefit liability (asset) and actuarial results for other employee benefit 
plans 
28 
 (132) 
 - 
Changes in fair value of equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income 
28 
 (50) 
 - 
Movements in fair value of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss attributable to 
changes in the credit risk of the financial liability 
 - 
- 
Other 
 - 
- 
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME THAT WILL NOT BE RECLASSIFIED TO INCOME BEFORE TAX 
(182) 
 - 
Income tax on other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
  - 
- 
TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME THAT WILL NOT BE RECLASSIFIED TO PROFIT OR LOSS 
AFTER TAX 
28 
(182) 
 - 
ITEMS THAT MAY BE RECLASSIFIED TO PROFIT OR LOSS 
Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
28 
(384,996) 
 (350,104) 
Translation differences for foreign operations 
28 
 (19,997) 
 325,380 
Hedge of net investments in foreign operations 
 - 
- 
Cash flow hedges 
28 
 (36,129) 
 353,329 
Undesignated items of accounting hedge instruments 
 - 
- 
Other 
 - 
- 
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME THAT MAY BE RECLASSIFIED TO PROFIT OR LOSS BEFORE TAX 
28 
 (441,122) 
 328,605 
Income tax on other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to profit or loss 
 28 
 154,260 
 (77,521) 
TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME THAT MAY BE RECLASSIFIED TO PROFIT OR LOSS AFTER 
TAX 
28 
 (286,862) 
 251,084 
TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
 (287,044) 
 251,084 
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE CONSOLIDATED YEAR ENDED 
 533,980 
 771,630 
Attributable to: 
Owners of the Bank 
 533,778 
 771,475 
Non-controlling interests 
 202 
 155 
The accompanying notes Nos. 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-264

--- Page 567 ---
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 5 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021   
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
Equity attributable to owners 
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
Retained earnings 
Share capital 
Reserves 
Re-measurement of net 
defined benefit liabilities 
(assets) 
Net changes in fair value of 
equity instruments at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income 
Changes in fair value of financial 
assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
Translation 
differences for 
foreign operations 
Cash flow hedges 
Income tax 
Total 
Retained 
earnings 
Profit for 
the  
year  
Provision for 
minimum 
dividends 
 
Total 
Non-
controlling 
interests 
Total 
equity 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Closing balance as of December 31, 2020 
3,655,828 
110 
- 
- 
77,966 
79,987 
(176,292) 
40,562 
22,223 
(6,758) 
317,454 
(95,236) 
3,893,621 
1,085 
3,894,706  
Effects of changes in accounting policies 
-
 (26,832)
- 
- 
29,148  
- 
- 
- 
 29,148  
- 
- 
- 
2,316  
-
2,316
Opening balances as of January 1, 2021  
3,655,828 
 (26,722) 
- 
- 
 107,114  
79,987 
(176,292) 
40,562 
 51,371  
(6,758) 
317,454 
(95,236) 
 3,895,937  
1,085 
 3,897,022  
Transfer to retained earnings 
- 
-  
- 
- 
 -  
- 
- 
- 
-
317,454
(317,454) 
- 
- 
- 
-  
Other equity movements 
(85) 
- 
- 
85 
- 
- 
- 
85 
- 
160 
160 
Additions to share capital for capitalization without issuance of 
fully paid ordinary shares 
206,559 
 -  
- 
- 
-  
- 
- 
- 
-  
(206,558) 
- 
- 
- 
-  
 -  
Payment of ordinary share dividends 
- 
-  
- 
- 
 -  
- 
- 
- 
 -
(104,138)
-
95,236
(8,902) 
 -
 (8,902)
Provision for payment of ordinary share dividends 
- 
-  
- 
- 
 -  
- 
- 
- 
 -
-
- 
(156,117)
(156,117) 
 -
 (156,117)
Subtotal of transactions with the owners in the period 
3,862,386 
 (26,807) 
- 
- 
107,199  
79,987 
(176,292) 
40,562 
 51,456  
- 
- 
(156,117) 
3,730,918 
 1,245  
 3,732,163  
Profit for the year 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
520,391 
-
520,391
155 
520,546 
Other comprehensive income  
- 
- 
(350,104) 
325,380 
353,329 
(77,521) 
251,084 
- 
- 
- 
251,084
-
251,084
Subtotal comprehensive income  
- 
- 
- 
- 
(350,104) 
325,380 
353,329 
(77,521) 
251,084 
-
520,391
-
771,475
155 
771,630 
Closing balances as of December 31, 2021, before re-expression as 
of January 1, 2022 
3,862,386 
(26,807) 
- 
- 
(242,905) 
405,367 
177,037 
(36,959) 
302,540 
-
520,391
(156,117) 
4,502,393 
1,400 
4,503,793 
Effects of changes in accounting policies 
3,707 
(13,285) 
(13,285) 
-
-
- 
(9,578) 
-
(9,578)
Closing balance as of December 31, 2021 
3,862,386 
 (23,100) 
- 
- 
 (256,190) 
405,367 
177,037 
(36,959) 
 289,255  
-
520,391
(156,117) 
 4,492,815  
 1,400  
 4,494,215  
Transfer to retained earnings 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -
 520,391 
(520,391) 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Other equity movements 
 -
(3,540)
 -  
-  
- 
-  
 -  
-  
-
-
 -  
-  
(3,540)  
(279) 
 (3,819)
Additions to share capital for capitalization without issuance of 
fully paid ordinary shares 
362,946  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 (362,946) 
 -  
-  
- 
-  
 -  
Payment of ordinary share dividends 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -
 (157,445)
 -
 156,117 
 (1,328) 
 -
 (1,328)
Provision for payment of ordinary share dividends 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -
-
 -  
 (246,247)
 (246,247) 
 -
 (246,247)
Subtotal of transactions with the owners in the period 
4,225,332 
(26,640)  
 -  
-  
 (256,190) 
 405,367  
 177,037  
 (36,959) 
 289,255  
 -  
-  
 (246,247) 
 4,241,700 
 1,121  
 4,242,821  
Profit for the year 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 820,822  
 -
 820,822 
 202  
 821,024  
Other comprehensive income  
 -  
-  
(132) 
 (50) 
 (384,996) 
(19,997)  
(36,129) 
154,260  
(287,044) 
 -  
-  
 -  
 (287,044) 
-
 (287,044)
Subtotal comprehensive income  
 -  
-  
(132) 
 (50) 
 (384,996) 
 (19,997)  
 (36,129) 
 154,260  
(287,044) 
 -
 820,822 
 -
 533,778 
202 
 533,980  
Closing balance as of December 31, 2022 
4,225,332 
 (26,640) 
(132) 
 (50) 
 (641,186) 
 385,370  
 140,908 
 117,301  
 2,211  
 -
820,822 
 (246,247) 
4,775,478  
 1,323  
 4,776,801  
The accompanying notes Nos. 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-265

--- Page 568 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 6 
 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021   
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
 
  
  
December 31, 
  
  
2022 
2021 
  
Note 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
A) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT BEFORE TAX FOR THE YEAR ENDED  
911,903 
722,030 
Debit (credit) to profit or loss that do not represent movements in cash flows 
Depreciation and amortization 
39 
 113,643  
 106,931  
Impairment of non-financial assets 
40 
 21,009  
 23  
Provisions for credit loss  
 566,490  
 479,770  
Adjustment to market value of financial instruments 
 (8,837) 
 (47,275) 
Net loss on investment in companies 
34 
 (7,404) 
 (2,290) 
Net loss on sale of assets received in payment 
35 
 (186) 
 (91) 
Net loss on sale of property and equipment 
35 
 (96) 
 (1,113) 
Net gain on sale of property and equipment 
35 
 312  
 54  
Write-off of assets received in payment 
35 
 1,160  
 135  
Net interest income 
30 
 (1,560,418) 
 (1,360,229) 
Net inflation-indexation income 
31 
 (749,298) 
 (340,175) 
Net fee income 
32 
 (366,911) 
 (355,630) 
Other debit (credit) that do not represent movements in cash flows 
 94,640  
 33,409  
Changes due to increases/decreases in operating assets and liabilities: 
(Increase) decrease in loans and advances to banks 
 (120,952) 
 (283,534) 
(Increase) decrease in loans and receivables from customers 
 (3,819,805) 
 (5,427,172) 
(Increase) decrease in financial investments 
 (614,208) 
 (3,045,280) 
Increase (decrease) in other on-demand liabilities 
 (3,536,163) 
 7,925,933  
Increase (decrease) in repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 289,954  
 (236,469) 
Increase (decrease) in deposits and other term deposits 
 6,899,121  
 1,793  
Increase (decrease) in bank borrowings 
 (7,932) 
 (838,270) 
Increase (decrease) in other financial liabilities 
 1,209,421  
 116,965  
Loans from the Central Bank of Chile (long-term) 
 -  
 637,053  
Repayment of loans from the Central Bank of Chile (long term) 
 (25,812) 
 -  
Long-term foreign loans 
 -  
 2,013,264  
Repayment of long-term foreign loans 
 (281,741) 
 (1,111,380) 
Income tax 
 (309,643) 
 (39,101) 
Interest and inflation-indexation received 
 4,380,594  
 2,365,060  
Interest and inflation-indexation paid 
 (2,070,876) 
 (664,656) 
Fees received 
32 
 508,328  
 483,505  
Fees paid 
32 
 (141,417) 
 (127,875) 
Total net cash from operating activities 
1,374,876 
 1,005,385  
 
 
 
 
B) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
Acquisition of investments in companies 
14 
 (55,990) 
 (2,395) 
Sale of investments in companies 
14 
 1,319  
 -  
Dividends received from investments in companies 
14 
 3,668  
 710  
Acquisition of property and equipment 
16 
 (19,002) 
 (15,286) 
Sale of property and equipment 
 1,745  
 877  
Acquisition of intangible assets 
15 
 (71,957) 
 (135,965) 
Sale of intangible assets 
 -  
 -  
Sale of goods received in payment or awarded 
 7,269  
 12,074  
Net (increase) decrease in other assets and liabilities 
 (293,969) 
 184,184  
Total net cash (used in) from investing activities 
  
(426,917) 
 44,199  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes Nos. 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-266

--- Page 569 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 7 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021   
(In millions of Chilean pesos - MCh$) 
December 31, 
2022 
2021 
Note 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
C) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Attributable to interest of the owners:
Issue of letters of credit
 - 
- 
Redemption and payment of interest / principal of letters of credit
 (2,493) 
 (2,871) 
Issuance of current bonds
 1,196,446 
 1,282,489 
Redemption and payment of interest / principal of current bonds
 (1,433,026) 
 (729,671) 
Issue of mortgage bonds
 - 
- 
Redemption and payment of interest / principal of mortgage bonds
 - 
- 
Payment of interest / principal of lease liabilities
 (2,897) 
 (3,348) 
Issue of subordinated bonds
 - 
- 
Payment of interest and principal of subordinated bonds
 (59,127) 
 (86,905) 
Issue of bonds with no fixed maturity date
 - 
- 
Redemption and payment of interest on bonds with no fixed maturity date
 - 
- 
Issue of preferred shares
 - 
- 
Redemption of preference shares and payment of preference share dividends
 - 
- 
Increase in share capital for the issuance of ordinary shares
 - 
- 
Payment of ordinary shares dividends
 (157,445) 
 (104,138) 
Attributable to non-controlling interests:
Dividend payment and/or withdrawals of share capital related to subsidiaries corresponding to
non-controlling interest
 - 
- 
Total net cash (used in) from financing activities 
(458,542) 
 355,556 
NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 
 1,091,210 
 533,387 
EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE FLUCTUATIONS 
 (601,793) 
 871,753 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD 
 6,820,120 
 5,414,980 
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE PERIOD 
7 
 7,309,537 
 6,820,120 
The accompanying notes Nos. 1 to 49 are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 
F-267

--- Page 570 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 8 
 
NOTE 1 – REPORTING ENTITY 
 
a) The Bank 
 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones (hereinafter “BCI” or “the Bank”) is a company incorporated in Chile, regulated by the Financial Market Commission, 
hereinafter the “CMF”, in accordance with the amendments to the General Banking Law under Law No. 21.130, which defines this commission as 
regulatory entity from June 1, 2019 (Official Gazette Publication No. 42.343 of Thursday, May 2, 2019). Its registered office is at Avenida El Golf 125, 
in the municipality of Las Condes. The Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and for the years ended, include the 
Bank and its subsidiaries detailed in the following paragraph, as well as the Miami Branch. The Bank is involved in all the businesses and operations 
that the General Banking Law allows it, as personal, corporate, and real estate banking, large and medium-sized companies banking, private banking, 
and asset management services. 
 
 
NOTE 2 – BASIS OF ACCOUNTING 
 
a) Basis of preparation of the financial statements 
 
These Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks (CNCB) and 
instructions issued by the Financial Market Commission (hereinafter "CMF"), a regulatory body that in accordance with Law No. 21.000 that " Creates 
the Financial Market Commission”, provides in number 6 of article 5 that the Financial Market Commission may “set the standards for the preparation 
and presentation of the annual reports, balance sheets, statements of financial position and other financial statements of the regulated entities and 
determine the principles to which they must keep their accounting and in everything that is not treated by it if it does not contradict their instructions, 
they must adhere to the generally accepted accounting policies, which correspond to the technical standards issued by Colegio de Contadores de Chile 
AG, matching the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) agreed upon by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). In case of 
discrepancies between the accounting principles and the accounting policies issued by the CMF in its Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks 
and Instructions, the latter will prevail. 
 
The notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contain additional information to that presented in the Consolidated Statements of Financial 
Position, the Consolidated Statements of Income, the Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income, the Consolidated Statements of 
Changes in Equity and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
During fiscal year 2021, the Financial Market Commission issued Circular No. 2,295, through which it updates the Compendium of Accounting 
Standards for Banks, which makes changes to the accounting regulations that remained in force until December 31, 2021 According to Chapter E of 
the new Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks, the first application of this updated version is from January 1, 2022, with a transition date 
of January 1, 2021 for the purposes of comparative Financial Statements report. These modifications incorporate a greater convergence to IFRS, as 
well as an improvement in the disclosures of financial information and, on the other hand, improvements are incorporated to matters associated with 
Basel III that will facilitate its full implementation. 
 
Note 4 of "Accounting changes" details the main amendments of this new Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks, as well as a reconciliation 
according to the balances of the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at the beginning and end of the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
b) Controlled entities (subsidiaries) 
 
The Consolidated Financial Statements as at December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 include the financial statements of the Bank and the 
controlled companies (subsidiaries). Control is obtained when the Bank is exposed, or has the right, to variable returns from its involvement with the 
investee and has the ability to influence those returns through its power over the investee. 
 
Specifically, the Bank controls an investee only if it meets the following elements: 
 
I. 
Power over the investee (that is, it has rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee); 
II. 
exposure, or right, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and 
III. ability to use its power over the investee to influence the amount of the investor's returns. 
 
When the Bank has less than most of the voting rights over an investee; but such voting rights are sufficient to have the practical ability to direct the 
relevant activities unilaterally, then it will be concluded that the Bank has control. The Bank considers all relevant factors and circumstances in 
assessing whether the voting rights are sufficient to obtain control, these include: 
 
● 
The size of the Bank’s voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders. 
● 
The potential voting rights held by the investor, other vote holders or other parties. 
● 
Rights arising from other contractual arrangements. 
● 
Any additional facts and circumstances that indicate the investor has, or does not have, the current ability to direct the relevant activities at the 
time those decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders' meetings. 
 
The Bank reassesses whether it has control over an investee when the facts or circumstances indicate that there are changes in one or more of the 
control elements listed above. 
 
Loss of control generates de-recognition of assets and liabilities of the former subsidiary in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and the 
recognition of the loss or gain associated with the loss of control. 
 
The Consolidated Financial Statements consider the separate (stand-alone) financial statements of the Bank and of the companies included in the 
consolidation and include the necessary adjustments and reclassifications to standardize the accounting policies and valuation criteria applied by the 
Bank, together with the elimination of all balances and transactions between the consolidated companies. 
 
Additionally, the participation of third parties in the equity of the consolidated Bank is presented as "non-controlling interest" in the Consolidated 
Statements of Financial Position. Their share of profits for the period is presented as "Profit attributable to non-controlling interest" in the 
Consolidated Statements of Income for the Period. 
 
 
 
F-268

--- Page 571 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 9 
The following table shows the composition of the entities over which the Bank can exercise control, therefore, they are part of the scope of 
consolidation: 
Entities controlled by the Bank: 
Interest % 
Direct 
Indirect 
Entity 
2022 
2021 
2022 
2021 
% 
% 
% 
% 
BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos S.A. 
99.90 
99.90 
0.10 
0.10 
BCI Asesoría Financiera S.A.  
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A.  
99.95 
99.95 
0.05 
0.05 
BCI Corredores de Seguros S.A. 
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
BCI Factoring S.A.  
99.97 
99.97 
0.03 
0.03 
BCI Securitizadora S.A.  
99.90 
99.90 
- 
- 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones Sucursal Miami  
100.00 
100.00 
- 
- 
Servicio de Normalización y Cobranza, Normaliza S.A.  
99.90 
99.90 
0.10 
0.10 
BCI Securities INC.  
99.90 
99.90 
0.10 
0.10 
BCI Corredores de Bolsa de Productos S.A.  
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
BCI Financial Group, INC., and Subsidiaries  
100.00 
100.00 
- 
- 
Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales S.A. 
99.98 
99.98 
0.02 
0.02 
Administradora de Tarjetas Servicios Financieros Limitada.  
99.99 
99.99 
0.01 
0.01 
SSFF Corredores de Seguros y Gestión Financiera Limitada.  
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
Servicios y Cobranzas SEYCO Limitada.  
99.00 
99.00 
1.00 
1.00 
BCI Perú S.A. 
99.99 
99.99 
- 
- 
The lines of business of the entities controlled by the Bank are as follows: 
BCI Asset Management Administradora de Fondos SA, incorporated via public deed dated January 7, 1988. Its line of business is the management all 
types of mutual funds, investment funds and individual portfolios regulated by Law 20.712, including the development of plans voluntary pension 
savings and collective voluntary pension savings, other supplementary activities authorized by the CMF through Circular No. 1.566 of 2001, and the 
administration of third-party investment funds and portfolios, authorized by Circular No. 1.897 of 2008. 
BCI Asesoría Financiera SA, was incorporated as a closely held shareholder’s corporation via public deed dated October 23, 1992. Its line of business 
is the provision of advisory on the study, analysis, evaluation, and search for alternative sources of financing, the restructuring of liabilities, the 
negotiations to acquire, capitalize, sell, or merge companies, the issuance and placement of bonds and debentures, and the placement of funds in the 
capital market. 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa SA, was incorporated via public deed dated July 24, 1987. Its line of business is the intermediation and brokerage of securities, 
and in general all those activities permitted by law in its capacity as stockbroker. 
BCI Corredores de Seguros SA, was incorporated via public deed dated January 15, 1997. Its line of business is the remunerated brokerage of general 
and life insurance contracts with any insurance company located in the country, and the provision of advice and services related to contracting 
insurance policies. 
BCI Factoring SA, was incorporated via public deed dated December 13, 1994. Its lines of business is the provision of all types of factoring services, 
being able to purchase and discount documents, bills of exchange and, in general, develop and exploit the factoring business, under its different forms 
and types, invest, reinvest and acquire quotas, shares or rights, in all types of movable, tangible or intangible property, real estate and in companies, 
whether civil, commercial, communities or absorptions and in all class of titles or transferable securities, manage and exploit said goods in any capacity 
and receive their benefits. 
BCI Securitizadora SA, was incorporated as a shareholders’ corporation, as stated in a public deed dated March 1, 2001. Its line of business is the 
acquisition of credits referred to in Article No. 135 of Law No. 18.045 or the regulations that substitute, replace, or complement it, and the issuance 
of debt securities, short or long term, originating for each issue, the formation of equity separate from the common equity of the company, which is 
under the supervision of the Financial Market Commission. 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones Miami Branch., is a branch of Banco de Crédito e Inversiones, incorporated in the state of Florida in the United States 
of America. The company was initially authorized to operate as an international banking agency by the Department of Banking and Finance of the 
State of Florida on May 10, 1999. The Branch is not a separate legal entity, it conducts banking activities that provide a full range of banking services 
to national and foreign individuals and legal entities, mainly from Latin America. 
Servicio de Normalización y Cobranza, Normaliza SA, is a closely held shareholder’s corporation, incorporated via public deed dated June 8, 1990 and 
its line of business is the provision of out-of-court collection services, on its own or on behalf of third parties, of any document representing liabilities, 
as well as the background check of natural persons or legal entities and the delivery of commercial reports and any other business that the partners 
agree to perform. 
BCI Securities INC., a subsidiary incorporated in the state of Florida in the United States on July 6, 2011. The company’s line of business is the purchase 
and sale of shares, mutual funds, corporate debt, United States government bonds, sovereign debt and call and put options for its clients residing 
primarily in South America. The Company may establish network agreements with banks, savings banks or savings and credit cooperatives. This 
investment was authorized by the Financial Market Commission on January 10, 2013, and by the Central Bank of Chile on February 21, 2013. It began 
operations on March 1, 2016. 
BCI Corredores de Bolsa de Productos SA, was incorporated via public deed on April 16, 2015. The company’s primary purpose is the intermediation 
of agricultural products, understanding as such, what is stated in articles 4th and 5th of Law No. 19 .920, in his capacity as a stockbroker of agricultural 
products, including the purchase or sale of products on the stock market on its own with the intention of transferring rights over them and the 
supplementary activities authorized by the Financial Market Commission, for which it may perform all acts and enter into all contracts and transactions 
typical of brokers of agricultural products, in accordance with the current regulations or those that will be put into force in the future. 
F-269

--- Page 572 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 10 
 
BCI Financial Group, INC. and Subsidiaries, parent company of City National Bank (CNB), acquired in 2015. CNB is a financial institution incorporated 
in 1946 based on the city of Miami, which offers a wide range of financial products, including real estate, commercial and retail banking to more than 
61,000 customers, with 32 branches distributed in four Florida counties. Also, during 2017, the Financial Market Commission approved the lease 
transaction operations through a new subsidiary of CNB on March 10, 2017, through letter No. 02751 issued by this regulatory body. The new 
subsidiary of CNB is a corporation that started operations on June 28, 2017, under the business name City National Capital Finance, Inc. (CNCF). On 
August 1, 2018, the subsidiary City National Capital Finance, Inc. (CNCF) changed its business name to BCI CAPITAL, INC. 
 
Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales SA, acquired in December 2018, was incorporated as a limited liability company via 
public deed dated November 4, 1997, and has been subject to various modifications. Its current line of business is /i/ the issuance of credit cards and 
the performance of activities complementary to said specific line of business authorized by the Financial Market Commission, or the body that 
succeeds it in its attributions and competences, by means of a general standard to credit card issuers, and /ii/ the granting of general loans as a 
subsidiary of a bank. 
 
Administradora de Tarjeta Servicios Financieros Limitada, acquired in December 2018, was incorporated as a shareholders’ corporation via public 
deed dated August 6, 1998, and has been subject to various modifications. Its current line of business is the provision of services and the development 
of all type of activities related to the operation of debit, credit and payment cards with provision of funds, issued in accordance with the Compendium 
of Financial Regulations of the Central Bank of Chile and other applicable regulations, including but not limited to: /i/ the provision of services linked 
to the physical issuance of credentials or any other material and immaterial support of all types of payment cards; /ii/ the provision, maintenance and 
administration of computer channels and systems for the issuance and operation and /iii/ all other types of related, supplementary, required or 
convenient activities for the issuance or operation of payment cards, to the extent that said services and activities do not involve settlement and/or 
payment of benefits owed to affiliated entities for the use of said instruments. 
 
Servicios y Cobranzas SEYCO Limitada., acquired in December 2018, was incorporated as a limited liability company via public deed dated December 
31, 2010, and has been subject to various modifications. 
 
Its current line of business is: /a/ the provision of prejudicial and judicial collection services regarding all types of payment obligations, whatever their 
cause or origin; /b/ the provision of collection and payment services in general, including, but not limited to, the collection and payment on behalf of 
third parties of the payment of all types of accounts and obligations; /c/ the provision of custody services for all types of documents and administrative 
procedures in general; / d / the provision of marketing services, programming or execution of campaigns, preparation of databases, in all its forms 
and by all existing means or that in the future will be created for that purpose, all insofar as it is conducive , necessary or recommended for the proper 
provision of credit collection services; /e/ the provision of services for the collection, storage, custody, administration, processing, studies and analysis 
of data, background and/or information of any type that is related, comes from, has been provided or is necessary for the development of the services 
of credit collection, whatever the element or support material of the same, and /f/ acquire or acquire interest in other companies, subject to the 
requirements and limitations established in the current regulations. 
 
All the activities outlined in the line of business may be performed by the company, by itself or through third parties, by contracting or subcontracting 
them. For the fulfillment of its purpose, the company may execute all the necessary contracts for the indicated purposes or for the development of 
its business. 
 
SSFF Corredores de Seguros y Gestión Financiera Limitada., acquired in December 2018, was incorporated as a limited liability company via public 
deed dated November 17, 2004, and has been subject to various modifications. Its current line of business is /a/ the remunerated intermediation of 
general and life insurance policies with any national insurance company based in the country and the advisory services inherent to this type of contract 
with respect to all types of natural persons and legal entities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the company may perform activities such as home 
assistance, route and travel assistance, legal and medical assistance, extended warranty regarding goods and services sold or provided by third parties 
and of a similar nature; /b/ provide pension advisory service, in accordance with the provisions of Decree Law No.3.500, subject to the provisions of 
article 70 bis of the General Banking Law, or the one that succeeds or replaces it. For the fulfillment of its purpose, the company may execute all the 
necessary contracts for the indicated purposes, the development of its business or trade or the investment of the funds available to the company. 
 
Banco BCI Perú SA was incorporated via public deed dated September 14, 2021, in the Republic of Peru and registered with the Registry of Legal 
Entities of Lima and Callao on September 28, 2021. Likewise, on August 20, 2021, the Superintendence of Banking, Insurance and Pension Fund 
Administrators through SBS Resolution No. 02454-2021 authorized the incorporation of the banking company called Banco BCI Perú. The line of 
business of Banco BCI Perú will be operating as a bank in accordance with the provisions of the General Laws of the Financial System (LGSF) and other 
applicable regulations. 
 
The Bank may carry out all operations and provide all services through the corresponding modalities and forms that are applicable, as established in 
the legal provisions that regulate banking companies in Peru. 
 
And without this reference being limiting, it may carry out the operations and provide the services indicated in articles 221 and 283 of the LGSF, as 
well as in the amending or substituting provisions of said rule. Likewise, it may perform all those operations and services authorized or that may be 
developed according to its uses, practices and customs that are applicable to banking companies in Peru, including operations of derivative financial 
products for hedging and/or negotiation purposes, with the prior authorization of the Superintendence of Banking, Insurance and Pension Fund 
Administrators (SBS). 
 
Additionally, the Bank may enter into other acts and supplementary and related contracts related to the operations it enters into or in which it 
participates, as well as all acts and contracts that are required for its proper functioning and operation. 
 
 
i. Entities consolidated by the Bank through other considerations: 
 
Despite not holding the majority of the voting rights and/or not having any interest, the following companies have been consolidated on the basis 
that the Bank, directly or through some of its subsidiaries, has some type of influence over them: 
 
  
Interest % 
  
Direct 
Indirect 
Entity 
2022 
2021 
2022 
2021 
  
% 
% 
% 
% 
BCI Activos Inmobiliarios Fondo de Inversión Privado (1) 
40.00 
40.00 
- 
- 
Fondo de Inversión Privado BCI LMV II (2) 
100.00 
100.00 
- 
- 
Incentivos y Promociones Limitada (3) 
EE 
EE 
EE 
EE 
 
(1) Fund in which the subsidiary BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos SA has influence and/or control. 
(2) Fund that has been organized and constituted by the subsidiary BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos SA, which manages it in its entirety. 
(3) Structured Entity (EE) in charge of promoting credit and debit card products. The Bank has no interest in said company and does not exercise control; however, its 
revenue depends on the Bank. 
 
F-270

--- Page 573 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 11 
 
c) Associates and joint arrangements 
 
Associates are those entities in which the Bank has significant influence, but no control. Significant influence is the power to participate in financial 
and operating policy decisions, but not control or joint control over those policies. 
A joint arrangement is an arrangement in which there is joint control, which exists only when the strategic decisions of the activities, both financial 
and operating, require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. Investments in joint arrangements may be classified as a business or as 
a joint operation. 
 
A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement (i.e., joint ventures) have rights to the assets, 
and obligations for the liabilities, related to the arrangement. 
 
A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement (i.e., participants in a joint venture) have rights 
to the net assets of the arrangement. 
 
Investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method and are initially recognized at cost, and their carrying amount 
is increased or decreased to recognize the corresponding share of profit or loss for the period and in comprehensive income. The dividends received 
are recognized by reducing the investment. 
 
If the acquisition cost is less than the fair value of the net assets of the acquired associate, the difference is recognized directly in profit or loss and is 
presented under Other Gains (Losses). Investments in associates and joint ventures are presented in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
under the item “Investment in companies”. Only if the investor has incurred legal or constructive obligations or has made payments on behalf of the 
associate or the joint venture, should recognize a liability, otherwise, leaving the investment at zero until the moment it generates profits that reverse 
the negative equity generated previously as a result of the losses generated. Otherwise, a liability is not recognized, but the investment is also left at 
zero. 
 
The following entities are considered “Associates”: 
 
  
Interest % 
Company 
2022 
2021 
  
% 
% 
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
33.33 
33.33 
AFT S.A. 
20.00 
20.00 
Nexus S.A. (*) 
- 
14.81 
Redbanc S.A. 
12.71 
12.71 
Servicio de Infraestructura de Mercado OTC S.A. 
13.61 
13.61 
Combanc S.A. (**) 
11.74 
11.74 
Transbank S.A. (***) 
8.72 
8.72 
Sociedad Interbancaria de Depósitos de Valores S.A. 
7.03 
7.03 
Pagos y Servicios S.A.  
49.00 
49.00 
 
(*) On September 30, 2022, the Bank sold its entire interest in Nexus S.A. See note 5 d) for additional detail. 
(**) On November 10, 2021, 151 shares were purchased from Banco Scotiabank Chile for an amount of Ch$101 million as a result of the review of the shareholding structure. 
(***) During 2021, capital increases of Ch$872 million were made on May 5 and Ch$1,744 million on August 30. 
 
The following entities are considered “Joint Ventures”: 
 
  
Interest % 
Company 
2022 
2021 
  
% 
% 
Artikos Chile S.A. 
50.00 
50.00 
Servipag Ltda. 
50.00 
50.00 
 
For companies in which they have less than 20% interest, the Bank appoints a director on the board of such companies, which is why Management 
has concluded that it has significant influence over them. 
 
d) Equity instruments for minority investments in companies 
 
This caption includes those entities in which the Bank has no control or significant influence. Includes minority permanent investments in companies 
in the country and abroad that are recorded and presented subsequent to the initial recognition at fair value, with the variations recognized in Other 
Comprehensive Income in accordance with IFRS 9. 
 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Bank presents shares in BLADEX. 
 
Additionally, the Bank presents other equity instruments for minority investments at their acquisition cost less any impairment in accordance with 
IFRS 9, considering that the cost is a reasonable approximation of the fair value. 
 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Bank presents the following investments in other companies: SWIFT shares, and other shares. 
 
e) Basis of consolidation 
 
These Consolidated Financial Statements comprise the Financial Statements of the Bank and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 
The Financial Statements of the subsidiaries (including the structured entity controlled by the Bank) have been standardized in accordance with the 
standards established in the Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks and Instructions issued by the CMF. 
 
The uniformity of accounting policies also includes investments recognized under the equity method. 
 
Intra-group balances and unrealized gains or losses arising from intra-group transactions between entities included in the consolidation are eliminated 
during the preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements. Unrealized gains arising from transactions with equity-accounted investees are 
eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Bank's interest in these companies. 
The translation of the financial statements of the companies with a functional currency other than the Chilean peso is performed as follows: 
 
a. Assets and liabilities, using the exchange rate effective at the reporting date. 
b. Items in the statements of income and comprehensive income, using the average monthly exchange rate (unless this average is not a reasonable 
approximation of the cumulative effect of the exchange rates existing on the dates of the transactions, in which case the exchange rate at the 
date of each transaction is used). 
F-271

--- Page 574 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 12 
 
c. The equity is maintained at the historical exchange rate at the date of its acquisition or approval, and the retained earnings according to letter 
b above. 
d. The exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements are recorded in the caption “Profit (loss) on accumulated 
adjustment for translation difference” in the Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income for the Period. 
e. Non-controlling interest 
 
The non-controlling interest represents the portion of gains or losses and net assets, of which, directly or indirectly, the Bank does not own. The non 
- controlling interest is presented separately in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the Year Ended, Consolidated Statements of Other 
Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended and the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 
f. Functional currency 
 
The Bank has determined the Chilean Peso (Ch$) as its functional and presentation currency, as well as all the Group entities, except for the subsidiaries 
BCI Financial Group, INC., and Subsidiaries and BCI Securities INC., which have determined the US dollar as their functional currency. 
 
All information presented in Chilean pesos has been rounded to the nearest million. 
 
g. Foreign currency transactions 
 
Balances and transactions in currencies other than the Chilean peso are considered “foreign currency”. Transactions carried out by each entity in a 
currency other than its functional currency are recorded at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. During the period, differences between 
the exchange rate accounted for and that effective at the following collection or payment date are recognized as exchange differences in the 
Consolidated Statements of Income for the Year Ended. 
 
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank's foreign currency assets and liabilities are presented at their equivalent value in Chilean pesos, calculated 
at the exchange rate of Ch$849.25 as of December 31, 2022 and $854.40 as of December 31, 2021. 
 
h. Business segments 
 
The Bank's business segments are determined based on the different business units, considering the following: 
 
(i) 
That it engages in business activities from which it may earn revenue and incur expenses (including transactions with other components 
of the same entity); 
 
(ii) 
whose operating income (loss) is reviewed on a regular basis by the unit's highest authority in making operating decisions, to decide on 
the resources that should be assigned to the segment and evaluate its performance; and 
 
(iii) 
in relation to which differentiated financial information is available. 
 
These business units deliver products and services subject to different risks and returns and, therefore, the Bank's key decision-making bodies evaluate 
their performance separately. 
 
i. 
Classification and measurement of financial instruments 
Financial instruments are classified and measured in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standard 9 (IFRS 9) – Financial Instruments, 
which established a guide for financial information on financial assets and financial liabilities that will present relevant and useful information to users 
of the financial statements for its evaluation of the amounts, timing, and uncertainty of an entity's future cash flows. 
j. 
Classification of financial assets 
Financial assets are classified into a measurement category based on both the Bank's business model for managing the financial asset and the 
contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset. 
In accordance with IFRS 9, the business models are: 
 
a) Holding assets to collect contractual cash flows: Financial assets held in the business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect 
contractual cash flows are managed to produce cash flows by collecting contractual payments over the life of the instrument. The business 
model may be to hold assets to collect cash flows, even if the entity sells financial assets whether there has been an increase in the assets’ 
credit risk; and for sales made to manage credit concentration risk. 
 
b) Holding assets to collect contractual cash flows and sell financial assets: Financial assets under this business model achieve the objective by 
collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets, which implies a higher frequency and value of sales than the previous business 
model. 
 
c) Other business models: the financial assets held in this business are intended to generate cash flows through the sale of the assets. The Bank 
makes decisions based on the fair values of the assets and manages the assets to realize those fair values. 
The evaluation of the contractual cash flows determines if the cash flows of the financial asset meet the SPPI criterion (solely payments of principal 
and interests), i.e., if the contractual terms of the financial asset generate, on specific dates, cash flows of cash that are solely payments of principal 
and interest. Principal is the fair value of financial assets at initial recognition, and interest is consideration for the time value of money, the credit risk 
associated with the outstanding principal, and may also include liquidity risk, administrative expenses, and profit margin. 
For the classification process, the Bank performs the SPPI test, which assesses the contractual term to identify if it meets the SPPI criteria, i.e., the 
contract is a basic lending arrangement. The Bank applies judgment and considers relevant factors such as the currency in which the financial asset is 
denominated and the period for which the interest rate is set. 
 
The business model refers to how the Bank manages its financial assets to generate cash flows. The Bank determined its business model in the initial 
application of IFRS 9 at the level that best reflects how it manages the groups of financial assets to achieve its business objective. 
 
F-272

--- Page 575 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 13 
 
The Banks' business model is not assessed instrument by instrument, but at a higher level of aggregate portfolio and is based on observable factors 
such as: the performance of financial assets, the risk that affects performance and the expected frequency, value, and time of sales. 
 
ii. Classification of financial liabilities 
 
The Bank classifies all financial liabilities as subsequently measured at amortized cost, except for derivatives that are liabilities, which are measured 
at fair value through profit or loss. 
 
iii. Reclassification 
 
The reclassification of financial assets is required when, and only when, the objective of the Bank's business model to manage these financial assets 
changes. Financial liabilities cannot be reclassified. 
 
IV. Initial Measurement 
 
At initial recognition, financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at the transaction price, i.e., the fair value of the consideration given or 
received (IFRS 13). In the case of financial instruments that are not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs are directly attributable to the 
acquisition or issue of the financial asset or financial liability. 
 
v. Subsequent measurement of financial assets 
 
After initial recognition, the Bank shall measure a financial asset at: 
 
a)  Financial assets at amortized cost (CA) 
 
Financial assets that are held in a business model to collect contractual cash flows and contain contractual terms that give rise to cash flows that are 
SPPI on specific dates, are measured at amortized cost. 
 
The effective interest method is used in calculating the amortized cost of a financial asset or financial liability and in allocating and recognizing interest 
income or interest expense in profit or loss during the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts the estimated 
future cash payments or receipts through the expected useful life of the financial asset or financial liability to the gross carrying amount of a financial 
asset or the amortized cost of a financial liability. 
 
The caption financial assets at amortized cost presents the following: 
 
- 
Rights for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
- 
Debt financial instruments 
- 
Loans and advances to banks 
- 
Loans and receivables from customers 
 
b) Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) 
 
● 
Debt financial instruments 
 
Financial assets that are debt instruments held in a business model that is achieved through collection of contractual cash flows and sale, and that 
contain contractual terms that give rise to cash flows that are SPPI on specific dates, are measured at FVOCI. Subsequently, they are re-measured at 
fair value and changes in them (except those related to impairment, interest income and foreign currency gains and losses) are recognized in other 
comprehensive income, until the assets are sold. At the time of disposal, the accumulated gains, and losses in OCI are recognized in the statements 
of income. 
 
● 
Equity financial instruments 
 
For certain equity instruments, the Bank may make an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income subsequent changes in the fair 
value of the instrument, except for dividend income that is recognized in profit or loss. Gains or losses on the derecognition of these equity instruments 
are not transferred to profit or loss. 
 
c) Financial asset held for trading at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL) 
 
Includes financial assets whose business model aims at generating benefits through purchases and sales or generate short-term profit or loss. Financial 
assets that do not contain contractual terms that give rise to cash flows that are SPPI on specific dates, or if the financial assets, is not held in a business 
model that is (i) a business to collect the contractual cash flows or (ii) a business model that is achieved by collecting the contractual cash flows and 
selling them. 
 
Gains and losses are recognized in the statement of income under financial income for financial assets held for trading at fair value. 
 
 
● 
Derivative financial instruments 
 
Derivative financial instruments are also classified under financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, which include foreign currency forwards 
and Unidades de Fomento, interest rate futures, currency and interest rate swaps, currency options and interest rate and other derivative financial 
instruments, are initially recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at their fair value (including transaction costs), except for 
those classified as level 3 of the hierarchy (when applicable), and subsequently measured at its fair value. The fair value is obtained from market 
quotations, cash flow discount models and option valuation models, as appropriate. Derivative contracts are reported as an asset when their fair value 
is positive and as a liability when it is negative, in the line “Financial derivative contracts” under the caption financial assets held for trading at fair 
value through profit or loss. 
 
The purpose of the credit valuation adjustment (CVA) is to determine the expected losses due to counterparty risk in OTC derivative contracts. The 
CVA of a derivative is defined as the difference between the value of the derivative free of counterparty risk (equivalent to the original derivative but 
without risk of default by any of the parties) and the value of the risky derivative (which corresponds to the original derivative, which has an inherent 
F-273

--- Page 576 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 14 
 
risk) that considers the possibility of default by the counterparty. In this way, the CVA of a client can be obtained from the expected exposure (EE) due 
to counterparty risk (how much is expected to lose) and the expected loss rate (EP) associated with the default of the counterparty. 
 
The valuation adjustment due to the existence of the bid-offer spread in the financial instrument markets that is applied to all financial instruments 
that are recognized at their market value both under normal market conditions and under financial stress conditions, is based on the best practices, 
the recommendations of the Basel Committee and the requirements of the CMF and the Central Bank of Chile. 
 
In order to carry out the bid-offer adjustment to the valuation of financial instruments belonging to Banco de Crédito e Inversiones own portfolios, 
the following methodology was established: 
 
i. Define condition of market makers or customer of the Bank 
 
On an annual basis, the condition of the Bank will be redefined to be considered market makers (the Bank must be among the 4 main market operators) 
or clients in each of the financial products that it operates. 
 
This will be done with information from the two main brokers in the national market: Tradition and ICAP. 
 
ii. Condition of market makers 
 
For products (markets) where the Bank is a liquidity provider, they will be valued at mid-price and no bid-offer adjustment will be made to their 
valuation. 
 
iii. Condition of customer 
 
For products (markets) where the Bank is considered that the Bank is a requestor of instruments of a different nature, they will be valued at mid-price 
and the bid-offer adjustment will be made to their valuation or they will be valued at bid if there are liquid peaks. 
 
The Bank also makes an adjustment associated with the FVA (Funding Valuation Adjustment) financing risk was added, which captures the financing 
differential of unsecured derivatives above the risk-free rate and other technical considerations.  
 
vi.  
Subsequent measurement of financial liabilities 
 
After initial recognition, the Bank will measure a financial liability at amortized cost. 
 
vii.  
Derecognition of financial assets and liabilities 
 
Financial assets are derecognized when, and only when: 
 
- The contractual rights to the cash flows of the financial asset expire, or 
 
- The Bank transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, and therefore the Bank derecognizes the financial asset 
and separately recognizes the rights and obligations created or retained in the transfer. 
 
In some cases, the Bank enters into transactions for which it retains the contractual rights to receive the cash flows of the financial asset, but assumes 
the contractual obligation to pay the cash flows in an agreement that meets all the required conditions, that is, the Bank only transfers amounts 
collected from original assets, the sale or pledge of original assets is prohibited, and the Bank is required to remit the cash flows collected without 
significant delay. 
 
When a financial asset is sold and the Bank agrees to buy it (or an asset that is substantially the same) at a fixed price at a future date, the Bank 
continues to recognize the financial assets in full in the statements of financial position, because it retains substantially all risks and rewards of 
ownership. The cash consideration received is recognized as a financial asset, and a financial liability is recognized for the obligation to pay the 
repurchase price. 
 
Financial liabilities are derecognized when, and only when, they are discharged, canceled, or expire. 
 
viii.  
Impairment of a financial asset according to IFRS 9 
 
As of January 1, 2022, the Bank applied the value impairment requirements for the recognition and measurement of a loss allowance to financial 
assets according to the model of "expected credit losses" (ECL) to assets financial assets measured at amortized cost and fair value through other 
comprehensive income (FROCI), excluding loans ("Loans and advances to banks" and "Loans and receivables from customers commercial, residential 
and consumer "), of the caption "Financial assets at amortized cost", or on “Contingent Loans”, since the criteria for these issues are dealt with in 
accordance with Chapters B-1 on provisions for credit loss B-3 on contingent loans of the Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks, respectively. 
 
The new model uses a dual measurement approach, whereby the loss margin is measured as: 
 
- 12-month expected credit losses. 
- Lifetime expected credit losses. 
 
 
 
F-274

--- Page 577 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 15 
 
The measurement basis depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. In accordance with changes 
in credit quality since initial recognition, IFRS 9 describes a “three-stage” impairment model according to the following table: 
 
 
Change in credit quality since initial recognition 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Initial recognition 
Significant increase in credit risk 
since initial recognition 
Credit-impaired assets 
12-month ECL 
Lifetime ECL 
Lifetime ECL 
 
At the end of each reporting period, the Bank assessed whether the credit risk of financial instruments has increased significantly since initial 
recognition or whether an asset is considered credit-impaired and, consequently, is classified as a financial instrument at the respective stage: 
 
- Stage 1: Financial assets that have not significantly increased their credit risk with respect to their assessment at origination. 12-month ECL are 
recognized. 
 
- Stage 2: When a Financial asset has shown a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the Bank records an allowance for lifetime ECL. Loans 
in this stage also include facilities, where the credit risk has improved, and the loan has been returned to stage 2. 
 
- Stage 3: Financial instruments that are considered to be in default are included in this stage. Similar to stage 2, the allowance for credit losses is 
made on the basis of the expected credit losses over the life of the instrument. 
 
The Bank considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort and that may affect the credit risk in a 
financial instrument, including forward-looking information to determine a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Forward-looking 
information includes past events, current conditions, and forecast of future economic conditions (macroeconomic data). 
 
Credit risk assessment and forward-looking information (including macroeconomic factors), includes quantitative and qualitative information based 
on the Bank's historical experience, some examples are: 
 
i. Financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant change in the borrower's ability to meet its debt obligations. 
ii. An actual or expected internal credit rating downgrade for the borrower or a behavioral rating downgrade. 
iii. An actual or expected significant change in the operating results of the borrower. 
IV. Significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same borrower. 
v. Significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in the quality of third-party guarantees or credit enhancements. 
vi. Reductions in financial support from a parent entity or other affiliate. 
vii. Expected changes in loan documentation, including expected breach of contract that may lead to covenant waivers or amendments, interest rate 
step-ups, requiring additional collateral or guarantees, or other changes in the contractual framework of the instrument. 
 
I. 
Measurement of expected credit losses 
 
ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses, i.e., the present value of all cash shortfalls. 
A cash shortfall is the difference between the cash flows that are due to an entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the entity 
expects to receive. The three main components for measuring the ECL are: 
 
PD: The probability of default is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a particular time horizon. A default can only occur at a certain time during 
the evaluated period if the operation has not previously been derecognized and is still in the portfolio. 
 
LGD: The loss given default that arises in the event that a default occurs at a given time. It is based on the difference between the contractual cash 
flows due and those that the lender would expect to receive, even from the realization of any collateral. 
 
EAD: Exposure at default is an estimate of exposure at a future default date, considering expected changes in exposure after the reporting date, 
including repayments of principal and interest, whether contractually scheduled or otherwise, the expected withdrawal of the committed facilities, 
and accrued interest for late payments. 
 
To measure 12-month and lifetime ECL, cash shortfalls are identified as follows: 
 
- 12-month expected credit losses: the portion of lifetime expected credit losses that represents expected credit losses that result from default events 
on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. 
 
- Lifetime expected credit losses: the expected credit losses that result from all possible default events during the expected useful life of a financial 
instrument. 
 
A financial asset is assessed at each reporting date to determine whether there is objective evidence of impairment. Such asset is impaired if there is 
objective evidence that one or more events have had a future negative effect on the asset. 
 
An impairment loss in respect of financial assets measured at amortized cost is calculated as the difference between the carrying amount of the asset 
and the present value of the estimated cash flows, discounted at the effective interest rate. 
 
An impairment loss in respect of a financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive income is calculated by reference to its fair value. 
 
All impairment losses are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the Period. Any accumulated loss in relation to a financial asset at 
fair value through other comprehensive income previously recognized in equity, is transferred to the Consolidated Statements of Income for the 
Period. 
 
An impairment loss is reversed only if it can be related objectively to an event occurring after it was recognized. The reversal of an impairment loss 
cannot exceed the carrying amount that could have been obtained had no impairment loss been recognized for that asset in prior periods. The reversal 
is recognized in profit or loss for the period, except for financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income, in which case the 
F-275

--- Page 578 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 16 
 
accumulated impairment loss recognized in other comprehensive income will be reclassified from equity to profit or loss as a reclassification 
adjustment, even if the financial asset has not been derecognized. 
 
k. Operations with reverse repurchase, repurchase and securities lending agreements 
 
Reverse repurchase agreement operations are carried out as a form of investment. Under these agreements, financial instruments are purchased, 
which are included as assets in the caption “Repurchase agreements and securities lending”, which are measured according to the agreed interest 
rate. 
 
Repurchase agreements are also carried out as a form of financing. In this regard, investments that are sold subject to a repurchase obligation and 
that serve as collateral for the operation, are part of their respective captions "financial assets at fair value through profit or loss" or "financial assets 
at fair value through other comprehensive income”. 
 
l. 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedges 
 
The Bank has chosen to continue using the guidelines of IAS 39 for hedge accounting. If the derivative instrument is classified for hedge accounting 
purposes, it can be: (1) a fair value hedge of existing assets or liabilities or firm commitments, or (2) a cash flow hedge related to existing assets or 
liabilities or expected transactions. A hedging relationship for hedge accounting purposes shall meet all the following conditions: (a) at the inception 
of the hedge, there is formal designation and documentation of the hedging relationship; (b) the hedge is expected to be highly effective; (c) the 
effectiveness of the hedge can be reasonably measured and (d) the hedge is highly effective relative to the hedged risk on a continuous basis 
throughout the hedging relationship. 
 
When a derivative hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of an existing asset or liability, the latter is recognized at its fair value in relation to 
the specific hedged risk. The gain or loss from re-measuring the fair value, both hedged item and of the hedging derivative, are recognized in profit or 
loss for the period. 
 
If the hedged item in a fair value hedge is a firm commitment, changes in the fair value of the commitment with respect to the hedged risk are 
recognized as an asset or liability with effect on profit or loss for the period. The gain or loss from re-measuring the hedging instrument at fair value 
are recognized in profit or loss the period. When an asset or liability is acquired as a result of the commitment, the initial recognition of the acquired 
asset or liability is adjusted to incorporate the cumulative change in the fair value measurement of the firm commitment that was recognized in the 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 
 
When a derivative hedge the exposure to changes in the cash flows of existing assets or liabilities or expected transactions, the effective portion of 
the changes in fair value with respect to the hedged risk is recognized in equity. Any ineffective portion is recognized directly in profit or loss for the 
period. 
The amounts recognized directly in equity are accounted for in profit or loss in the same periods in which hedged assets or liabilities affect profit or 
loss. 
 
When a fair value hedge of interest rates is made for a portfolio and the hedged item is a currency amount rather than individual assets or liabilities, 
the gains or losses from the fair value measurement of both the hedged portfolio and of the hedging derivative, are recognized with effect to profit 
or loss for the period, but the measurement at fair value of the hedged portfolio is presented in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
under the captions "Other assets" or "Other liabilities", depending on the hedged portfolio position at a point in time. 
 
m.  Loans and receivables from customers (loans and advances) 
 
Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market and that the 
Bank does not intend to sell immediately or in the short term. 
Loans and receivables are initially measured at fair value plus direct transaction costs and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective 
interest rate method. These include commercial and foreign trade loans, consumer, and mortgage loans, among others. 
 
i. Lease agreements: 
 
Receivables from lease agreements, included in the caption "Loans and receivables from customers", correspond to the periodic rental payments of 
agreements that meet the requirements to be classified as finance leases and are presented at their present value. 
 
ii. Factoring operations: 
 
The Bank, through its subsidiary BCI Factoring SA, performs operations with its customers, whereby it receives invoices and other commercial papers 
representing the credit with or without recourse to the transferor, paying the transferor a percentage of the total amount’s receivable from the debtor 
for the transferred documents. 
 
n. Provisions for credit loss of loans and contingent loans 
 
The allowances required to cover the risk of credit losses have been established following the standards and instructions issued by the CMF. 
 
Loans are recorded net of such allowances or showing the deduction. In the case of contingent loans, they are presented as liabilities in the 
“Allowances” caption. 
 
The Bank and its subsidiaries use models or methods, based on the individual and group analysis of the debtors, which were approved by the Board 
of Directors, to establish the loan allowances, indicated in the Compendium of Accounting Standards of the Financial Market Commission. 
 
 
i. 
Allowances for individual assessment: 
 
The individual assessment of debtors is necessary when dealing with clients that, due to their size, complexity, or exposure level, required to be known 
and analyzed in detail. 
 
Naturally, the analysis of debtors should focus on their capacity and willingness to meet their credit obligations, through sufficient and reliable 
information, and must also analyze their credits in terms of guarantees, terms, interest rates, currency, adjustability, etc. 
 
F-276

--- Page 579 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 17 
 
For establishing the allowance, debtors and their operations related to loans and receivables and contingent loans must be classified in the 
corresponding categories, with the prior assignment to one of the following three portfolio categories: normal, substandard, and non-performing. 
 
- 
Regular and substandard performance portfolios: 
 
The regular performance portfolio includes those debtors whose payment ability allows them to meet their obligations and commitments, and 
according to the assessment of their economic-financial situation, it is not expected that this condition will change. The classifications assigned to this 
portfolio are categories A1 to A6. 
 
The substandard portfolio will include debtors with financial difficulties or a significant deterioration of their ability to pay and on which reasonable 
doubt exists as to the repayment of principal and interest in the contractual terms agreed, showing low margins to meet their short-term financial 
obligations. 
 
This portfolio also includes debtors, which recently have shown delinquency (payments overdue) in excess of thirty days. The classifications assigned 
to this portfolio are categories B1 to B4 of the rating scale. 
 
As a result of the individual analysis of these debtors, they must be classified in the following categories; subsequently assigning them the probability 
of default and loss given default percentages that result in the subsequent loss percentage: 
 
Type of 
portfolio 
Debtor 
rating 
Probability of 
default (PD) 
(%) 
Loss given default 
(LGD)  
(%) 
Expected loss 
(%) 
Regular 
portfolio 
A1 
0.04 
90.00 
0.036000 
A2 
0.10 
82.50 
0.082500 
A3 
0.25 
87.50 
0.218750 
A4 
2.00 
87.50 
1.750000 
A5 
4.75 
90.00 
4.275000 
A6 
10.00 
90.00 
9,000000 
Substandard 
portfolio 
B1 
15.00 
92.50 
13.875000 
B2 
22.00 
92.50 
20.350000 
B3 
33.00 
97.50 
32.175000 
B4 
45.00 
97.50 
43.875000 
 
 
Provision on regular and substandard performance portfolios: 
 
To determine the amount of the allowances that must be established for the regular and substandard performance portfolios, the exposure subject 
to provisions should first be estimated, to which the respective loss percentages (expressed in decimals) will comprise the probability of default (PD) 
and loss given default (LGD) established for the category within which the debtor and/or its qualified co-debtor is included, as applicable. 
 
The exposure subject to provisions corresponds to loans plus contingent loans, less amounts that would be recovered by means of executing 
guarantees. Likewise, placement is understood as the carrying amount of the loans and receivables from the corresponding debtor, while for 
contingent loans, the value resulting from the application of the provisions stated in No. 3 of Chapter B-3 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards. 
 
- Non-performing portfolio: 
 
It includes debtors and their loans whose recovery is deemed to be remote, because their ability to pay is deteriorated or non-existent. Those debtors 
with clear indications of a possible bankruptcy are part of this portfolio, as well as those in which a forced restructuring of debts is necessary to avoid 
default and, in addition, any debtor whose repayment of principal and interest of a credit is overdue for a period equal or exceeding 90 days. 
 
This portfolio comprises debtors from categories C1 to C6 of the classification scale established below and all loans, including 100% of the amount of 
contingent loans, held by those same debtors. 
 
For purposes of establishing allowances on the non-performing portfolio, the use of allowance percentages that must be applied to the amount of the 
exposure is established, which corresponds to the sum of loans and contingent loans held by the same debtor. To apply this percentage, an expected 
loss rate must first be estimated, deducting from the amount of the exposure the amounts recoverable through the execution of the guarantees and, 
if there is specific background information that justifies it, also deducting the present value of the recoveries that can be obtained by exerting collection 
actions, net of the expenses associated with them. This loss rate must fall into one of the six categories defined according to the range of losses 
effectively expected by the Bank for all operations of the same debtor. 
 
 
These categories, their range of loss as estimated by the Bank and the allowance percentages that should ultimately be applied on the amounts of the 
exposures, are indicated in the following table: 
 
Type of portfolio 
 Risk Scale 
Expected Loss Range 
Allowance 
(%) 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
C1 
Until 3 % 
2 
C2 
More than 3% up to 20% 
10 
C3 
More than 20% up to 30% 
25 
C4 
More than 30% up to 50% 
40 
C5 
More than 50% up to 80% 
65 
C6 
More than 80% 
90 
 
ii. 
Allowances for group assessment: 
 
The group assessment is aimed at group commercial loan portfolios classified in the model of group, consumer, and home mortgage allowances. 
 
F-277

--- Page 580 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 18 
 
For the determination of allowances of the group portfolio, groups of loans with homogeneous characteristics in terms of the type of debtor and 
agreed conditions are analyzed. In this way, allowances are established based on the expected losses derived from a certain probability of default (PD) 
and a percentage of severity of the loss, or loss given default (LGD), both parameters based on historical analysis and technically based estimates. 
 
The amount of allowances to establish will be obtained by multiplying the total amount exposed in the respective group by the percentages of 
estimated default and loss given default. 
 
a. Group commercial loans: 
 
The Bank applies the standard model of allowances for commercial loans of the group portfolio, whether corresponds to commercial lease 
transactions, student loans or other types of commercial loans. 
 
Commercial lease transactions 
 
For these transactions, the allowance factor must be applied to the current value of the commercial lease transactions (including the purchase option) 
and will depend on the delinquency of each operation, the type of leased asset and the relationship, at the closing of each month, between the current 
value of each operation and the value of the leased asset (PVB), as indicated in the following tables: 
 
Probability of Default (PD) applicable according to delinquency and type of asset (%) 
Past due days of the operation at the end of the month 
Type of Good 
Residential 
Non residential 
0 
0.79 
1.61 
01-29 
7.94 
12.02 
30-59 
28.76 
40.88 
60-89 
58.76 
69.38 
Non-performing portfolio 
100.00 
100.00 
 
Loss Given Default (LGD) applicable according to PVB tranche and type of asset (%) 
PVB = Current value of the operation / Value of the leased asset 
PVB Section 
Residential 
Non residential 
PVB <= 40% 
0.05 
18.20 
40% < PVB <= 50% 
0.05 
57.00 
50% < PVB <= 80% 
5.10 
68.40 
80% < PVB <= 90% 
23.20 
75.10 
PVB > 90% 
36.20 
78.90 
 
PVB = Present value of the operation /Value of the leased asset 
 
The determination of the PVB ratio will be made considering the appraisal value, expressed in UF for residential and in pesos for non-residential, 
recognized at the time they corresponding loan is granted, taking into account possible situations that at that time may be causing transitory increases 
in the prices of the good. 
 
Student loans 
 
For these transactions, the allowance factor must be applied on the student loan and the exposure of the contingent loan, when applicable. The 
determination of said factor depends on the type of student loan and the demand for payment of principal or interest, at the end of each month. 
When payment is due, the factor will also depend on its delinquency. 
 
For loan classification purposes, a distinction is made between those granted to finance higher education in accordance with Law No. 20,027 (CAE) 
and, on the other hand, CORFO-guaranteed loans, or other student loans. 
 
Probability of Default (PD) applicable according to payment enforceability, delinquency, and type of loan (%) 
Presents enforceability of the 
payment of principal or interest at 
the end of the month 
Days past due at the end of the month 
Type of Student Loan 
CAE 
CORFO or other 
Yes 
0 
5.20 
2.90 
01-29 
37.20 
15.00 
30-59 
59.00 
43.40 
60-89 
72.80 
71.90 
Portfolio in Default 
100.00 
100.00 
No 
n/a 
41.60 
16.50 
 
Loss given the Default (LGD) applicable according to payment enforceability and type of 
loan 
Presents enforceability of the 
payment of principal or interest 
at the end of the month 
Type of Student Loan 
CAE 
CORFO or other 
Yes 
70.90 
No 
50.30 
45.80 
 
Generic commercial loans and factoring 
 
For factoring transactions and other commercial loans, the allowance factor, applicable to the amount of the loan and to the exposure of the 
contingent loan, will depend on the delinquency of each operation and the relationship that exists, at the end of each month, between the obligations 
that the debtor has with the bank and the value of the real guarantees that protect them (PTVG), as indicated in the following tables: 
 
Probability of Default (PD) applicable according to delinquency and PTVG (%) tranche 
Days past due at the end of the 
month 
With guarantee 
Without guarantee 
PTVG<=100% 
PGTV>100% 
0 
1.86 
2.68 
4.91 
01-29 
11.60 
13.45 
22.93 
30-59 
25.33 
26.92 
45.30 
60-89 
41.31 
41.31 
61.63 
Non-performing portfolio 
100.00 
100.00 
100.00 
F-278

--- Page 581 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 19 
 
 
Loss Given Default (PDI) applicable according to PTVG (%) tranche 
(With/without) 
guarantees  
PTVG 
Generic commercial 
transactions or factoring 
without recourse of the 
transferor 
 
Factoring with recourse of the 
transferor 
With guarantee 
PTVG <= 60% 
5.00 
3.20 
60% < PTVG <= 75% 
20.30 
12.80 
75% < PTVG <= 90% 
32.20 
20.30 
90% < PTVG 
43.00 
27.10 
Without guarantees 
56.90 
35.90 
 
The guarantees used for purposes of calculating the PTVG ratio of this method may be specific or general, including those that are simultaneously 
specific and general. 
 
A guarantee may only be considered if, according to the respective hedge clauses, it was established in the first place in favor of the bank and only 
guarantees the debtor’s credits with respect to which it is debited (not shared with other debtors). The invoices assigned in the factoring transactions, 
or the guarantees associated with the residential loans of the mortgage portfolio, regardless of their coverage clauses, will not be considered in the 
calculation. 
 
To calculate the PTVG ratio, the following should be considered: 
 
I. 
Transactions with specific guarantees: when the debtor granted specific guarantees, for generic commercial loans and factoring, the PTVG 
ratio is calculated independently for each guaranteed transaction, as the division between the amount of the loan and the contingent loan 
exposure and the value of the actual guarantee that covers. 
 
II. 
Transactions with general guarantees: when the debtor granted general or general and specific guarantees, the Bank calculates the 
corresponding PTVG, jointly for all generic commercial loans and factoring and not included in i) above, as the result of the sum of the amounts 
of the loans and exposures of contingent loans and the general, or general and specific guarantees that, according to the scope of the 
remaining hedge clauses, protect the credits considered in the numerator of the aforementioned ratio. 
 
The amounts of the guarantees used in the PTVG ratio described above must be determined according to: 
 
- The last valuation of the guarantee, whether appraisal or fair value, depending on the type of real guarantee in question. 
 
To determine the fair value, the criteria indicated in Chapter 7-12 of the Updated Compendium of Standards must be considered. 
 
- 
Eventual situations that could be generating transitory increases in the values of the guarantees. 
- 
Limitations to the amount of hedge established in their respective clauses. 
- 
Provisions for deductible amount related to FOGAPE Covid-19 guarantees 
 
To determine the specific provisions of the loans guaranteed by the FOGAPE Covid-19 guarantee, the expected losses shall be determined by 
estimating the risk of each operation, without considering the substitution of the credit quality of the guarantor, according to the corresponding 
individual or group analysis method, in accordance with the provisions of Chapter B-1 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards. 
 
The loan amounts associated with such operations that had been written off must be added to the aforementioned expected losses, in accordance 
with the provisions established in Chapter B-2 of the Compendium. 
 
Therefore, the total amount of expected losses resulting from the aggregate calculation of each group of operations, including the amounts written 
off for that group as indicated in the preceding paragraph, shall be compared to the corresponding total amount of deductible amount, and perform 
the following: 
 
- 
Expected losses less than the deductible amount 
 
When the expected losses of the operations of a group to which the same deductible amount percentage applies, determined according to the 
procedure indicated above, are less than or equal to the aggregate amount of the deductible amount, the provisions will be determined without 
considering the FOGAPE Covid-19 coverage. 19, i.e., without substituting the credit quality of the direct debtor for that of the guarantor. 
 
- 
Expected losses greater than the deductible amount  
 
When the expected losses of the operations of a group to which the same deductible amount percentage applies, determined according to the 
procedure indicated above, are greater than the aggregate amount of the deductible amount, the provisions will be determined using the substitution 
method provided in 4.1 letter a) of Chapter B-1 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards. 
 
For these purposes, the proportion to be replaced will be the one that corresponds to the limits indicated in article 13 of the Regulations for the 
Administration of the Guarantee Fund for Small and Medium-sized Entrepreneurs, applicable to the COVID-19 Guarantee Lines. 
 
Additionally, the ratio associated with the deductible amount resulting from multiplying the guaranteed amount of the corresponding group by the 
percentage of the applicable deductible amount shall be determined. 
 
b. Consumer loans: 
 
Group portfolio credit risk allowance model 
 
According to chapter B-1 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards issued by the CMF, the credit risk allowance models are based on a look at 
expected losses, following "through the cycle" approach and not "at a point in time" approach. 
 
These expected loss (EL) models are used to estimate future portfolio losses and are based on three fundamental components: Probability of Default 
(PD), Loss Given Default (LGD) and Exposure at Default (EAD). The final objective is to establish a sufficient level of allowances to cover future expected 
losses: 
 
F-279

--- Page 582 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 20 
 
The allowance models are organized according to segments, which are defined according to the types of debtors and the types of loans: Consumer, 
Commercial and mortgage. Reasonableness criteria prevail in this macro-segmentation, depending on how customers and products are managed from 
a commercial and risk point of view. 
 
From these macro-segments, higher segmentation levels are generated to the extent that they improve the estimates of the parameters, and scores 
are given on these levels of segmentation to identify homogeneous groups of debtors, which allow better distribution of the risk in the customer 
portfolio. 
 
Currently, the Bank makes an allowance using the maximum value between the result obtained by the standard matrix, the Compendium of 
Accounting Standards, chapter B-1, and the internal models. 
 
The Bank adjusted its group portfolio credit risk models for calculating allowances on consumer loans in order to achieve greater precision in estimating 
the expected loss of this portfolio, in accordance with the requirements of the Financial Market Commission. These models were approved by the 
Board of Directors in December 2021. Putting in operation these models generated a debit to profit or loss for the year of Ch$10,026 million as of 
December 31, 2021. 
 
c. Home mortgages: 
 
The home mortgage loan portfolio includes loans that have the following characteristics: their destination is the financing of the acquisition, expansion, 
repair, or construction of a house. The debtor is the natural person who buys or owns the house, and the value of the mortgage guarantee covers all 
the loan. 
 
The Bank uses the "Standard Method of Allowances for Mortgage Loans for Housing", which establishes the applicable allowance factors, represented 
by the expected loss on the amount of mortgage loans for housing, applied based on the delinquency of each loan and the ratio at the end of each 
month, between the amount of outstanding principal of each loan and the value of the mortgage guarantee (PVG) that covers it, as indicated in the 
following table: 
 
Allowance factor applicable according to delinquency and PVG 
PVG Tranche 
Concept 
Days past due at the end of the month 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
Current 
01-29 
30-59 
60-89 
PVG≤ 40% 
PD (%) 
1.0916 
21.3407 
46.0536 
75.1614 
100.0000 
LGD (%) 
0.0225 
0.0441 
0.0482 
0.0482 
0.0537 
EL (%) 
0.0002 
0.0094 
0.0222 
0.0362 
0.0537 
40%<PVG≤ 80% 
PD (%) 
1.9158 
27.4332 
52.0824 
78.9511 
100.0000 
LGD (%) 
2.1955 
2.8233 
2.9192 
2.9192 
3.0413 
EL (%) 
0.0421 
0.7745 
1.5204 
2.3047 
3.0413 
80%<PVG≤ 90% 
PD (%) 
2.5150 
27.9300 
52.5800 
79.6952 
100.0000 
LGD (%) 
21.5527 
21.6600 
21.9200 
22.1331 
22.2310 
EL (%) 
0.5421 
6.0496 
11.5255 
17.6390 
22.2310 
PVG>90% 
PD (%) 
2.7400 
28.4300 
53.0800 
80.3677 
100.0000 
LGD (%) 
27.2000 
29.0300 
29.5900 
30.1558 
30.2436 
EL (%) 
0.7453 
8.2532 
15.7064 
24.2355 
30.2436 
 
Where: 
PD = Probability of default 
LGD = Loss given default 
EL = Expected loss 
LtV = Outstanding principal/Value of the mortgage guarantee 
 
In the event that the same debtor maintains more than one home mortgage loan with the Bank and one of them is 90 days or more past due, all 
these loans will be assigned to the non-performing portfolio, calculating the allowances for each of them according to their respective percentages 
of PVG. 
 
i. 
Loan write-off: 
 
As a general rule, write-offs should be made when the contractual rights to the cash flows expire. In the case of loans, even if the foregoing does not 
occur, the corresponding asset balances will be written off in accordance with the provisions of title II of Chapter B-2 of the Compendium of Accounting 
Standards issued by the CMF. 
 
The write-offs in question refer to the derecognition in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position of the asset corresponding to the respective 
transaction, including, therefore, that part that may not be due if it were a credit payable in installments or payments, or a lease transaction (No 
partial write-offs exist). 
 
Write-offs are always accounted for with a debit to the provisions for credit loss established, in accordance with the provisions of Chapter B-1 of the 
Compendium of Accounting Standards, regardless of the reason for which the write-off is made. Subsequent payments obtained from written-off 
operations will be recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the Period as recoveries of written-off loans. 
 
The write-offs of loans and receivables are carried out on overdue, past due and current installments, and the period must be considered from the 
beginning of their delinquency, that is, carried out when the delinquency period of an installment or portion of loan transaction reaches the write-off 
term, as provided below: 
 
Type of loan 
Term 
Consumer loans – secured and unsecured 
6 months 
Other transactions - unsecured 
24 months 
Commercial loans - secured 
36 months 
Residential mortgage loans 
48 months 
Consumer lease agreement 
6 months 
Other non-real estate lease transactions 
12 months 
Real estate lease agreement (commercial or residential) 
36 months 
 
F-280

--- Page 583 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 21 
 
The term corresponds to the time elapsed from the date on which the payment of all or part of the past due liability became due. 
 
ii. 
Recovery of written-off loans: 
 
Recoveries of written-off loans are recognized directly as revenue, as recoveries of written-off loans. 
 
o) 
Fee income and expense  
 
Fee income and expense are recognized in revenue according to the 5-step approach established by IFRS 15: 
 
Step 1: Identify the contract with the customer; 
Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract; 
Step 3: Determine the transaction price; 
Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations of contracts; 
Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. 
 
p) Impairment 
 
For the assets in the caption "Loans and receivables from customers", the impaired portfolio is defined according to Chapter B-2 of the Compendium 
of Accounting Standards issued by the CMF as "loans from debtors for which there is evidence that they will comply with any of their obligations in 
the agreed payment conditions, regardless of the possibility of recovering the amount owed by resorting to guarantees, through the period of judicial 
collection actions or agreeing on different conditions”. 
 
The policies on impairment measurement, assessed on a monthly basis, consider the following criteria: 
 
i. 
Addition to impaired portfolio: 
 
Transactions included by credit risk rating classified as substandard in categories B3 and B4, and the non-perform portfolio are recorded in individually 
classified transactions. 
 
The rest of the transactions are classified in groups and are added when they are: 
 
- Credit transactions that are past due for a period greater than or equal to 90 days. 
- Renegotiated transactions. 
- 100% of the transactions associated with the customer are carried over to the impaired portfolio. 
 
Operations linked to residential mortgage loans or loans to finance higher education are not included in Law No. 20,027, which may be excluded as 
long as they do not present the conditions of non-compliance established in Circular No. 3.454 of December 10, 2008. 
 
The behavior in the financial system is not considered to determine the addition to the impaired portfolio. 
 
Removal conditions 
 
- 
Individual case: for having improved their risk rating over the B3 category of the individual classification. 
 
- 
Group case: 
 
a) Non-renegotiated transactions: credit transactions included in impaired portfolio may return to the normal portfolio, only if the transaction 
in question meets the following conditions: 
 
- 
Register at least six consecutive payments of principal and interest, paying them at maturity or within the next 30 days. 
- 
That it is up to date with all its obligations and has no other credit transaction in an impaired portfolio. 
- 
In any case, it must not record any delinquency in the rest of the financial system for the last 90 days (last three years reported to the 
CMF at the date of consultation). 
 
b) Renegotiated operations: may be removed from the impaired portfolio, only if the operation in question meets the following conditions: 
 
- 
Register at least six consecutive payments of principal and interest, paying them at maturity or within the next 30 days. 
- 
That it is up to date with all its obligations and has no other credit transaction in an impaired portfolio. 
- 
That it does not have another renegotiated transaction during the last nine months. 
- 
In any case, it must not record any delinquency in the rest of the financial system in the last 90 days (last three years reported in the CMF 
at the date of consultation). 
 
c) Renegotiated group portfolio from write-off: written-off commercial transactions that have been renegotiated, may be removed from the 
impaired portfolio, and added to the normal portfolio, only if the transaction in question meets the following conditions: 
 
- 
Payment of 30% of the originally renegotiated transaction (total balance of the renegotiated transaction) or that first six payments have 
been made, agreed in the renegotiated commercial transaction. 
- 
Be up to date with the principal and interest payments. 
- 
Have no other transaction in the impaired portfolio. 
- 
Register no delinquency in the rest of the financial system in the last 90 days. 
 
II. 
Non-financial assets: 
 
The carrying amount of the Bank's non-financial assets, other than investment properties and deferred tax assets, is reviewed at each reporting date 
to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indications exist, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. In the 
case of goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives or not yet available for use, the recoverable amounts are estimated at each 
presentation date. 
 
F-281

--- Page 584 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 22 
 
In accordance with IAS 36 "Impairment of Assets", the entity shall assess at the end of each reporting period whether there is any indication of 
impairment of its intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, as well as of the goodwill acquired in a business combination. On the other hand, the 
Financial Market Commission (CMF) requires that "the valuations of goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible assets must be supported by two 
reports issued by professionals independent of the bank and its external auditors. Both reports support the initial value of intangible assets and 
valuations as of December 31 of each year. 
  
An impairment loss in relation to goodwill is not reversed. In relation to other assets, impairment losses recognized in prior periods are assessed at 
each reporting period whether there is any indication that the loss may have decreased or disappeared. An impairment loss is reversed if there has 
been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying 
amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortization, had no impairment loss been 
recognized. 
 
The Bank performs quarterly monitoring of the intangible assets and goodwill acquired in the business combination of its subsidiaries BCI Servicios 
Financieros and City National Bank in Chile and the United States, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank made an assessment of whether 
there is any impairment of its assets, reaching the conclusion that impairment exists in the CGU of BCI Servicios Financieros. For further information 
see note 5 g). 
 
 
q)  
Interest and inflation-indexation income and expense  
 
Interest and inflation-indexation income and expenses are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the Period based on the accrual 
principle using the effective interest method. 
 
The effective interest rate is the discount rate that exactly matches the estimated cash flows receivable or payable over the expected life of the 
financial instrument (or, where appropriate, in a shorter period) with the net carrying amount of the financial asset or liability. To calculate the effective 
interest rate, the Bank determines the cash flows taking into account all the contractual conditions of the financial instrument. The calculation of said 
rate includes all commissions and other concepts paid or received that are part of it. 
 
Transaction costs include incremental costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of a financial asset or financial liability. 
 
However, in the case of past due loans and current loans with a high risk of irrecoverability, the prudent criterion of suspending the accrual of interest 
and inflation-indexation has been followed; and are recognized when received. 
 
• 
Amount to be suspended: 
 
The amount of income to be suspended on an accrual basis corresponds to that calculated between the date of suspension and the cut-off date of 
the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position, which corresponds to the last day of the month. 
 
• 
Suspension date: 
 
The Bank will stop recognizing income on an accrual basis for the assets at amortized cost "Loans and advances to banks" and "Loans and receivables 
from customers" in the Statement of Income when the loan or one of its installments is 90 days past due. 
 
The suspension of the recognition of income on an accrual basis implies that, from the date on which it must be suspended and until such loans are 
no longer in the impaired portfolio, the corresponding assets will not be increased with interest, inflation-indexation or fees in the Consolidated 
Statements of Financial Situation and no income will be recognized for these concepts in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the Period, unless 
they are actually received. In this regard, income actually received from interest, inflation-indexation or fees shall be recognized as indicated in Chapter 
C-3 of the CNCB. 
 
For the determination of the gross assets on which the provisions for credit loss are calculated according to chapter B1, suspended interest, 
adjustments and commissions will not be included. 
 
r)  
Intangible assets 
 
i) Software 
 
The software acquired by the Bank is recognized at cost, less accumulated amortization, and accumulated impairment losses. 
 
Disbursements or expenses for internally developed software are recognized as assets when the Bank can demonstrate its intent and ability to 
complete its development and use it internally to generate future economic benefits, and the cost of completing its development can be measured 
reliably. The capitalization of internally developed software expenses includes all direct costs attributable to the development of the software and is 
amortized over its useful life. Internally developed software is recognized at capitalized cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated 
impairment losses. 
 
The subsequent expenses of the recognized asset are capitalized only when the future economic benefits of the specific assets in the related areas 
increase. All other expenses are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the Period. 
 
Amortization is recognized on a straight-line basis in profit or loss considering the estimated useful life of the software from the date it is available for 
use, which is generally six years. 
 
ii) Intangible assets acquired in business combinations 
 
As a consequence of the purchase process of BCI Financial Group, INC. and Subsidiaries that was completed in October 2015, the merger between 
City National Bank of Florida and Total Bank completed on June 15, 2018, and the acquisition of the credit card business from Walmart (Financial 
Services) that was completed on June 4, December 2018, amortizable intangible assets with an indefinite useful life were recognized, which originated 
during the Purchase Price Allocation (PPA) process. The Bank permanently assesses its intangible assets for impairment. In this regard and, in 
accordance with the CMF regulations of the Compendium of Accounting Standards, Chapter A-2 number 7, two independent consultants of the Bank 
and different from the external auditors reviewed the basis of is valuation during the 2019 financial year. 
 
According to IFRS 3 "Business Combinations", for the acquisition of Total Bank the values were definitively determined on December 31, 2018, which 
were adjusted within the term established by the standard. 
F-282

--- Page 585 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 23 
 
 
According to IFRS 3 "Business Combinations", for the acquisition of BCI Servicios Financieros the values were definitively determined on December 4, 
2019, which were adjusted within the term established by the standard. 
 
Amortizable intangible assets recognized their portion of amortization on a straight-line basis according to the estimated useful life. 
 
iii) Goodwill 
 
The goodwill arising from a business combination will be allocated from the date of acquisition to each of the cash-generating unit (CGU) or group of 
CGUs of the acquirer, which are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination, regardless of whether other assets or liabilities 
of the acquiree are assigned to those units or groups of units. 
 
Goodwill is tested annually for impairment, and when circumstances indicate that it is carrying amount may be impaired. 
 
Impairment losses in respect of goodwill is not reversed in future periods. 
 
Intangible assets, including goodwill, were subjected to impairment tests as indicated in IAS 36. 
 
As of December 31, 2022, the Bank's management estimated the recoverable amount of its Financial Services CGU that record balances in intangible 
assets, resulting in the recognition of an impairment loss associated with the goodwill assigned to such CGU. For further information, refer to notes 5 
and 40. As of December 31, 2021, there are no significant changes between the carrying amount and the recoverable amount of the cash-generating 
units that contain goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives. 
 
s)  
Business combinations 
 
Business acquisitions are accounted by applying the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair 
value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition date fair values of the assets transferred by the Company, the liabilities incurred by the acquirer 
to former owners of the acquiree, and the equity interests issued by the Company in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs 
are recognized in profit or loss when incurred. 
 
In a business acquisition, an independent specialist is used to determine the fair value of the net assets acquired and the identification of intangible 
assets is considered. For the valuation of these intangible assets identified in a business combination, cash flow projections are used based on the 
performance estimates of the acquiree. 
 
At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired, and liabilities assumed are recognized at fair value, except for the following: 
 
• 
Deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit agreements are recognized and measured in accordance 
with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19, respectively. 
• 
liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment agreements of the acquiree, or share-based payment agreements of the company 
entered to replace the share-based payment agreements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS 2 at the date of acquisition; and 
• 
the assets (or group of assets for disposal) that are classified as held for sale. 
 
Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the 
fair value of the equity interest previously held by the acquirer (if any) in the acquiree over the net amounts at the acquisition date of the identifiable 
assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If, after a reassessment, the acquisition-date net amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities 
assumed exceed the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree, and the fair value of the interest 
previously owned by the acquirer in the acquiree (if any), such excess is immediately recognized in profit or loss as a gain from a bargain purchase. 
 
Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders a share to a proportionate share of the entity's net assets in 
the event of liquidation may be measured initially, either at fair value or the proportionate share of non-controlling interests, of the recognized 
amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net asset. 
 
The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis. 
 
Remeasurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise from additional information obtained during the “measurement period” (which may 
not exceed one year from the acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date. 
 
 
t)  
Property and equipment 
 
Items of property and equipment, excluding real estate, are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. 
 
The cost includes expenses that have been directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset and any other cost directly attributable to the process 
of bringing the asset to a working condition. 
 
When part of an item of property and equipment has a different useful life, it is accounted for as a separate item (remodeling of real estate). 
 
Depreciation is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the Period based on the straight-line depreciation method over the useful 
lives of each part of an item of property and equipment. Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease period and their useful lives, 
unless it is certain that the Bank will obtain the property at the end of the lease period. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-283

--- Page 586 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 24 
 
The estimated useful lives for the period as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, are as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
  
2022 
2021 
Buildings 
50 years 
50 years 
Machinery and equipment 
3 - 10 years 
3 - 10 years 
Facilities 
7 - 10 years 
7 - 10 years 
Furniture and fixtures 
7 years 
7 years 
Computing equipment 
36 years 
36 years 
Real estate improvements 
10 years 
10 years 
Other property, plant, and equipment 
36 years 
36 years 
 
u)  
Assets received in lieu of payment 
 
They are classified under the caption "non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale", they are recorded at the lower of their foreclosure cost 
or the net realizable value, less regulatory write-offs required by the CMF and are presented net of allowances. Write-offs are required if the asset is 
not sold within 18 months of receipt. 
 
v)  
Personnel benefits 
 
i. 
Vacation: 
 
The annual vacation cost is recognized on an accrual basis. 
 
ii. Short term benefits: 
 
The Bank contemplates an annual incentive plan for its employees for meeting objectives, consisting of a certain number or portion of monthly 
remuneration and is provisioned based on the estimated amount to be distributed. 
 
iii. Severance indemnity payments: 
 
The Bank and its subsidiaries have not agreed with their staff to make severance indemnity payments to all events, except for the subsidiaries BCI 
Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales SA and BCI Administradora de Tarjeta Servicios Financieros Limitada, which have 
defined benefit plans in a collective agreement with part of their employees. These plans correspond to contracts with severance indemnity payments 
to all events, whose obligation is recorded at its actuarial value. 
 
These companies recognize a provision (see note 37) to reflect the obligation to pay severance indemnity to employees who are entitled to receive 
this benefit in any event. This provision has been calculated using an actuarial methodology that considers estimates of staff turnover, discount rate, 
salary increase rate and mortality. The liability for employee benefits is presented at present value using the projected unit credit method, in 
accordance with the provisions of "IAS 19 Employee Benefits". Actuarial gains or losses related to experience adjustments and changes in variables 
are recognized as Other Comprehensive Income and form part of the balance of Other Equity Reserves. 
 
The cost of services for the current period is the increase in the present value of the defined benefit obligation, which occurs as a result of the services 
provided by employees in the current period. 
 
The financial cost is the increase produced during a period in the present value of the obligations for defined benefits, as a result of the fact that such 
benefits are a period closer to their expiration. 
 
A present obligation exists when, and only when, the Entity has no realistic alternative but to make the corresponding payments. 
 
The assumptions used are the following: 
 
Detail 
Source 
Mortality 
Mortality tables "RV-2014" established by the Financial Market 
Commission (CMF) were used. 
Employee turnover 
 
The historical turnover for executives in the collective agreement, 
voluntary resignation or company needs is 1.11% 
Discount rate 
 
The discount rate used to discount benefit payment flows for severance 
indemnity corresponded to a real annual rate of 3.13%. This rate 
corresponds to the 20-year BCU as of December 31, 2022. (Source: 
Central Bank). 
Salary increases rate 
 
The increase in salaries used for the projections, both for increase of the 
base salary and for total remuneration and corresponds to a real annual 
rate of 3.0% 
Retirement 
 
The retirement ages used to make the payment projections correspond 
to the minimum legal ages for retirement in Chile (DL.3500), ages that 
are generally used in the market, except when the reality of the company 
indicates otherwise. These ages correspond to 65 years for men and 60 
years for women. 
 
As of December 31, 2022, due to changes in variables, an adjustment was made against other reserves of MCh$132. As of December 31, 2021, there 
are no experience adjustments or changes in variables; therefore, no adjustments have been made against other reserves. 
 
 
w)  
Leases 
 
On the commencement date of a lease, the Bank recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability in accordance with the provisions of IFRS 16. 
 
 
F-284

--- Page 587 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 25 
(i)
Right-of-use assets
The Bank leases a number of office and branch premises, which are necessary to perform its activities. Contract terms are individually negotiated and 
comprise a wide range of terms and conditions. 
Leases are recognized, measured, and disclosed in accordance with IFRS 16 “Leases”. This requires that a right-of-use asset and its corresponding 
liability be determined at the date the asset is available for use. Each lease payment is distributed between the liability and interest. The financial 
interest is charged to the financial margin during the period of the lease, as well as the right-of-use asset, which is depreciated on a straight-line basis 
over the term of the contract. 
The lease term includes the non-cancellable period established in the lease agreements, and generally have an automatic renewal clause, which are 
not included in the calculation of the financial liability. Additionally, each of the parties can terminate the agreement early, prior notice. For both 
concepts, only the current contractual period has been considered to calculate the impact of this new regulation. For lease agreements with an 
indefinite useful life, the Bank has determined to assign a useful life equal to the longest non-cancellable period of its lease contracts. 
The present value of the lease payments is determined using the discount rate that represents the Bank's incremental rate at the commencement of 
the contracts, based on the duration of each of them from the initial date of application. 
At the initial measurement, the Bank measures the right-of-use asset at cost. The rent of the lease contracts is agreed in UF (inflation-adjusted unit) 
and paid in Chilean pesos. In accordance with the provisions of Circular No. 3,649 issued by the CMF, the monthly variation in UF that affects the 
contracts established in such monetary unit must be treated as a remeasurement, and therefore, the adjustments must be recognized as a 
modification to the obligation and at the same time the amount of the asset must be adjusted for the right of use assets. 
Contracts whose non-cancellable period is equal to or less than 12 months are treated as short-term leases, and therefore the associated payments 
are recorded as a linear expense. Any modification in the terms or rental fee is treated as a remeasurement of the lease. 
The Bank has not entered into lease agreements with residual value guarantee clauses or variable lease payments. 
The Bank applies IAS 36 “Impairment of assets” to determine whether the right-of-use asset is impaired and to account for any identified impairment 
losses. 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Bank has not identified impairment in the value of assets for the right of use assets. 
ii)
Lease liability
The Bank measures the lease liability at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at that date. The lease payments are discounted 
using the interest rate implicit in the lease if that rate could be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the Bank shall use the 
incremental borrowing rate. Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise payments for the right to use the underlying 
asset during the lease term that are not paid at the measurement date, which include (a) fixed payments, less any lease incentives receivable; (b) 
variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate at the commencement date; (c) amounts expected 
to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees; (d) the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise 
that option; and (e) payments for penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease. 
After the commencement date, the Bank measures the lease liability to recognize (a) interest on the lease liability; (b) lease payments made; and (c) 
remeasurements or modifications to the lease, and to reflect revised in-substance fixed lease payments. 
The Bank remeasures the lease liability by discounting the revised lease payments, if, among others, (a) there is a change in the amounts expected to 
be payable under a residual value guarantee. 
A lessee shall determine the lease payments to reflect the change in amounts expected to be payable under the residual value guarantee; (b) a change 
in future lease payments results from a change in an index or rate used to determine those payments. 
The Bank remeasures the lease liability to reflect those revised lease payments only when there is a change in the cash flows. The Bank shall determine 
the revised lease payments for the remainder of the lease term based on the revised contractual payments. 
As of January 1, 2019, the date of implementation of the standard, the Bank measured the lease liability at the present value of discounted lease 
payments using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate. 
x)
Statements of cash flows
For the preparation of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, the indirect method has been used, in which, whereby taking profit or loss before 
tax for the period non-cash transactions are included, as well as income and expense associated with investing or financing cash flows. 
For the preparation of the Consolidated Cash Flow Statements, the following terms are used: 
-
Cash flows: inflows and outflows of cash and cash equivalents, understood as short-term, highly liquid investments with insignificant risk of
changes in value, such as: deposits in the Central Bank of Chile, deposits in domestic banks and foreign deposits.
-
Operating activities: are the principal revenue-producing activities of banks and other activities that are not investing or financing activities.
-
Investing activities: are the acquisition and disposal of long-term assets and other investments not included in cash and cash equivalents.
-
Financing activities: are activities that result in changes in the size and composition of equity and liabilities that are not operating and investing
activities. 
y)
Provisions and contingent liabilities
Provisions are liabilities of uncertain timing and amount. These provisions are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position when 
the following requirements are met collectively: 
F-285

--- Page 588 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 26 
-
A liability is a present obligation arising from past events. At the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements, it is likely that the Bank or its
subsidiaries will have to use an outflow of economic benefits to settle the obligation and the amount of these outflows can be measured reliably.
A contingent asset or liability is any obligation arising from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence of one or more 
uncertain future events occur not wholly within the control of the Bank. 
The provisions (which are measured considering the best information available on the outcome of the event that gave rise to them and are remeasured 
at each period-end) are used to meet the specific obligations for which they were originally recognized, proceeding to their reversal, totally or partially, 
when said obligations cease to exist or decrease. 
Provisions are classified according to the obligations hedged, and are as follows: 
-
Provisions for employee benefit obligations
-
Provision for lawsuits and litigation
-
Provisions for obligations of customer loyalty programs
-
Provisions for operational risk
-
Other provisions for other contingencies
Provisions for country risk for operations with foreign debtors 
The Bank makes provisions for country risk in accordance with chapter B-6 of the CNCB to hedge the risk that has been assumed by maintaining or 
committing resources in a foreign country. Said provisions must be made based on the country ratings made by the Bank in accordance with the 
provisions of RAN 7-13 on country risk and country ratings. 
Provisions for credit loss for contingent loans 
Contingent loans correspond to transactions or commitments in which the Bank assumes a credit risk by committing itself to third parties in the event 
of a future event, to make a payment or disbursement that must be recovered from its customers. 
To calculate the provisions as indicated in Chapter B-1 of the CNCB, the amount of the exposure to be considered shall be equivalent to the percentage 
of the amounts of the contingent loans and which is established in Chapter B-3 of the CNCB, as indicated below: 
Type of contingent exposure: 
FCC 
Freely available, immediate payment revolving credit facility 
10% 
Contingent loans linked to the CAE 
15% 
Letters of credit for goods movement operations 
20% 
Other freely available revolving credit facilities 
40% 
Debt purchase commitments in local currency abroad 
50% 
Transactions related to contingent events 
50% 
Co-debtor and guarantees 
100% 
Other credit commitments 
100% 
Other contingent loans 
100% 
Provisions for operational risk 
The Bank constitutes provisions for operational risk in accordance with IAS 37 "Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets", in which 
losses due to operational risk events are recognized, including external costs and eventual pending losses with a direct relationship to the operational 
risk event as established by Chapter 21-8 of the RAN. 
i.
Additional allowances:
The CMF has defined those additional allowances are those not derived from the application of the portfolio assessment models of each bank or to 
compensate for their deficiencies and must be to protect against the risk of unpredictable economic fluctuations. 
The additional allowances are established to protect against the risk of macroeconomic fluctuations to anticipate situations of reversal of expansionary 
economic cycles that, in the future, could result in a worsening of the conditions of the economic environment and, in this way, function as an anti-
cyclical mechanism of accumulation of additional allowances when the scenario is favorable and the use or allocation to specific allowances when 
conditions deteriorate. 
The Bank has formal criteria and procedures for their use and establishment for the determination of additional allowances, which are approved by 
the Board of Directors. 
As of December 31, 2022, allowances have been established for additional amounts of Ch$415,022 million (Ch$350,143 million as of December 31, 
2021), which have been established to anticipate the potential deterioration of loan portfolios derived from the crisis caused by the Covid-19 
pandemic. 
These allowances are in accordance with the provisions of Number 10 of Chapter B-1 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards issued by the 
Financial Market Commission, which will be presented in liabilities in the caption "Special provisions for credit loss" (see note 26). 
ii.
Minimum allowances required for the normal individual portfolio:
The CMF has defined that the Bank must maintain a minimum allowance percentage of 0.50% on loans and contingent loans of the normal individual 
portfolio in accordance with the provisions of number 2.1.3 of Chapter B-1 of the Compendium of accounting Standards, which are presented in 
liabilities. 
z)
Use of estimates and judgments
In preparing these Consolidated Financial Statements, the Bank’s Management has made judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the 
application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income, and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates, 
which Management periodically evaluates and monitors. 
F-286

--- Page 589 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 27 
Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed by the Bank's Senior Management on an ongoing basis to quantify certain assets, liabilities, 
income, expenses, and uncertainties. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future 
years affected. 
Information about most significant areas of estimation of uncertainties and critical judgments made in applying accounting policies that have the most 
significant effects on the amounts recognized in the Consolidates Financial Statements is included in the following notes: 
-
Provisions for credit loss (notes 13 and 26)
-
Impairment losses on certain assets (note 40)
-
Valuation of financial instruments (notes 8,9, 10 and 11)
-
Useful life of intangible assets and property and equipment (notes 15 and 16)
-
Use of tax losses (note 18)
-
Contingencies and commitments (note 29)
-
Employee benefits (note 37)
aa) 
Income tax and deferred taxes 
The determination of corporate income tax expense is made in accordance with IAS 12 and the Income Tax Law, whose legal rate is 27% for the general 
regime of art.14 letter A of the law, which both BCI and its subsidiaries in Chile follow. 
The Bank recognizes, when appropriate, deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future estimates of the tax effects attributable to differences 
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax base. 
Deferred tax assets/liabilities are measured, in accordance with current Chilean tax legislation, at the tax rates that are expected to be applied in the 
year in which the asset and/or liability are realized or settle. Future effects from changes in tax legislation or income tax rate are recognized in deferred 
tax starting from the date in which the law approving such changes is enacted or substantially enacted. 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Bank has recognized net deferred tax assets and liabilities, as Management has assessed that it expects to 
obtain taxable profit in the future that allow using existing temporary differences at each period-end. 
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset in the Statements of Financial Position, if there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets 
against current tax liabilities, and only if these deferred taxes are related to income taxes corresponding to the same tax authority. 
bb)  
Dividends on ordinary shares 
Dividends on ordinary shares are recognized in equity in the year in which they were approved by the Bank's Shareholders' Meeting. 
The Bank recognizes in liabilities the share of profits for the year that will be distributed in compliance with the Law on Corporations, which establishes 
that at least 30% of the net income for the year will be distributed as a dividend, or in accordance with its dividend policy. 
cc)
Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit or loss that is attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank by the weighted-average 
number of outstanding shares during the period. 
Diluted earnings per share is determined similarly to basic earnings, but the weighted average number of current shares is adjusted to take into 
account the potential dilutive effect of share options, warrants and convertible debt. 
dd) Collection operations and Separate Equity No. 27 performed by the subsidiary BCI Securitizadora SA
i)
Collection operations:
Securitization companies can acquire assets on behalf of the separate equities that support the issuance of securitized bonds. These assets must have 
similar characteristics and each issue will form a separate equity. 
These assets can be from future cash flows (a "business plan" or future cash flows to be obtained from a specific asset or group of assets or company 
are securitized) or from an existing asset (a portfolio of receivables, mortgage loans, etc.). 
The above distinction is relevant on how the Bank's debt should be accounted for; in the first case of future cash flows, it must be accounted for in 
Separate Equity and to the originator, and in the case of existing assets only in Separate Equity. 
These collection operations are part of the securitization process. In fact, the Securities Market Law itself, anticipating the practical difficulty that the 
formation of a Separate Equity means, includes the ability of acquiring the assets that form a separate equity even before the placement of the 
respective bonds. 
Given there is a possibility that the respective Separate Equity will never be formed, or the securitized bond will not be placed for different reasons 
(legal, market, etc.), these operations contemplate a put option to resell the receivables back to the customer under certain circumstances (mainly if 
the securitized bond cannot prosper for the reasons stated above); this shall be recorded as a contingent obligation of the customer. 
F-287

--- Page 590 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 28 
NOTE 3 – NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS ISSUED AND ADOPTED, OR ISSUED BUT NOT YET ADOPTED 
Standards approved and/or modified by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) 
a. The following new standards and interpretations and/or amendments have been adopted in these financial statements:
Amendments to IFRS 
Mandatory Application Date 
Onerous Contracts – Costs to Fulfilling a Contract 
(Amendments to IAS 37). 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 
2022. Early adoption is permitted. 
Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020 
(Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, IFRS 16). 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 
2022. Early adoption is permitted. 
Property, Plant and Equipment – Proceeds before Intended 
Use (Amendments to IAS 16). 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 
2022. Early adoption is permitted. 
Reference to the Conceptual Framework (Amendments to 
IFRS 3). 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 
2022. Early adoption is permitted. 
Onerous Contracts – Costs to Fulfilling a Contract (Amendments to IAS 37) 
To clarify the types of costs a company includes as costs of fulfilling a contract when assessing whether a contract is onerous, the International 
Accounting Standards Board (the Board) issued in May 2020 the amendment to the IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets. 
Because of this amendment, entities currently applying the "incremental cost" approach will need to recognize bigger and potentially more provisions 
for onerous contracts. 
The amendments clarify that the costs of fulfilling a contract comprise both: 
•
The incremental costs – e.g., direct labor and materials; and
•
an allocation of other direct costs – e.g., an allocation of the depreciation charge on an item of Property, Plant and Equipment used in fulfilling
a contract.
At the date of initial application, the cumulative effect of applying the amendments is recognized as an opening balance adjustment to retained 
earnings or other component of equity, as appropriate. 
The application of these improvements had no significant impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020 
The annual improvements include amendments to three Standards: 
•
IFRS 1 First-time Adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards. This amendment simplifies the application of IFRS 1 for a subsidiary
that becomes a first-time adopter of IFRS Standards later than its parent – i.e., if a subsidiary adopts IFRS Standards later than its parent and
applies IFRS 1.D16 (a), then a subsidiary may elect to measure cumulative translation differences for all foreign operations at amounts
included in the consolidated financial statements of the parent, based on the parent’s date of transition to IFRS Standards.
•
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments. This amendment clarifies that – for the purpose of performing the ‘’10 per cent test’ for derecognition of
financial liabilities – in determining those fees paid net of fees received, a borrower includes only fees paid or received between the borrower
and the lender, including fees paid or received by either the borrower or lender on the other’s behalf.
•
IFRS 16 Leases. The amendment removes the illustration of payments from the lessor relating to leasehold improvements. As currently
drafted, this example is not clear as to why such payments are not a lease incentive. The amendments will help to remove the potential for
confusion in identifying lease incentives in a common real estate fact pattern.
The application of these improvements had no significant impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Property, Plant and Equipment – Proceeds before Intended Use (Amendments to IAS 16) 
To provide guidance on accounting for the sales and costs that entities may generate in the process of making an item of Property, Plant and Equipment 
available for use, the International Accounting Standards Board (the Board) issued in May 2020 amendment to IAS 16. 
Under the amendments, proceeds from selling items before the related item of PPE is available for use should be recognized in profit or loss, together 
with the costs of producing those items. IAS 2 Inventories should be applied in identifying and measuring these production costs. 
Entities will therefore need to distinguish between: 
•
costs associated with producing and selling items before the item of PPE is available for use; and
•
costs associated with making the item of PPE available for its intended use.
The application of these improvements had no significant impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Reference to the Conceptual Framework (Amendments to IFRS 3) 
In May 2020, the International Accounting Standards Board (the Board) issued the Reference to the Conceptual Framework, which amends IFRS 3 
Business Combinations. The amendment replaces a reference made to an old version of the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting with a 
reference to the latest version issued in March 2018. Additionally, the Board added an exception to its requirement that an entity to refer to the 
Conceptual Framework to determine what constitutes an asset or a liability. The exception specifies that, for some types of liabilities and contingent 
liabilities, an entity applying IFRS 3 should instead refer to IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets. 
The application of these improvements had no significant impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
b. The following new standards and interpretations have been issued but their application date is not yet effective:
F-288

--- Page 591 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 29 
 
 
New IFRS 
Mandatory Application Date 
IFRS 17, Insurance contracts. 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. 
This date includes the exemption of insurers from the 
application of IFRS 9 to allow them to implement IFRS 9 
and IFRS 17 at the same time. Early adoption is 
permitted for entities that apply IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 on 
or before that date. 
Amendments to IFRS 
 
Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-Current 
(amendments to IAS 1). 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. 
Early adoption is permitted. 
Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and 
its Associate or Joint Venture (Amendments to IFRS 10 
and IAS 28). 
Effective date deferred indefinitely. 
Disclosures of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 
1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality 
Judgements). 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. 
Early adoption is permitted. 
Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS 
8). 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. 
Early adoption is permitted and will be applied 
prospectively to changes in accounting estimates and 
changes in accounting policies that occur on or after the 
beginning of the first annual reporting period in which 
the company applies the changes. 
Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising 
from a Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12) 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. 
Early adoption is permitted. 
Initial application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 – Comparative 
Information (Amendments to IFRS 17) 
The amendment is applicable from the application of 
IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts. 
Lease Liability on a Sale and Leaseback (Amendments 
to IFRS 16) 
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024. 
Early adoption is permitted. 
Non-Current Liabilities with Covenants (Amendments to 
IAS 1)  
Annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024. 
Early adoption is permitted. 
 
IFRS 17, Insurance contracts 
 
Issued on May 18, 2017, this Standard requires insurance liabilities to be measured at a current fulfillment value and provides a more uniform 
presentation and measurement approach for all insurance contracts. These requirements are designed to generate consistent and principle-based 
accounting. 
 
In March 2020, the International Accounting Standards Board (the Board) decided to defer the effective date of IFRS 17 to January 1, 2023, allowing 
early adoption if IFRS 9 and IFRS 15 have been adopted. The Board also decided to extend the temporary exemption to IFRS 9, granted to insurers that 
meet the specified criteria, until January 1, 2023. 
 
The Bank's Management estimates that the application of this new regulation will have no impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements, given 
that the companies included in the consolidation issue no insurance contracts. 
 
Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (Amendments to IAS 1) 
 
To promote consistency in application and clarify the requirements on determining if a liability is current or non-current, the International Accounting 
Standards Board has amended IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. 
 
As a consequence of this amendment, entities should revisit their loan agreements to determine whether the classification will change. 
 
Amendments include the following: 
 
• 
The right to defer settlement must has substance: under existing IAS 1 requirements, companies classify a liability as current when they do 
not have an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least twelve months after the end of the reporting period. As part of 
its amendments, the Board has removed the requirement for a right to be unconditional and instead, now requires that a right to defer 
settlement must have substance and exist at the end of the reporting period 
 
• 
The classification of revolving credit facilities may change: entities classify a liability as non-current if it has a right to defer settlement for at 
least twelve months after the reporting period. The Board has now clarified that a right to defer exists only if the company complies with 
conditions specified in the loan agreement at the end of the reporting period, even if the lender does not test compliance until a later date. 
 
• 
Liabilities with equity-settlement features: the amendments state that settlement of a liability includes transferring a company’s own equity 
instruments to the counterparty. The amendments clarify how a company classifies a liability that includes a counterparty conversion option, 
which could be recognized as either equity or a liability separately from the liability component under IAS 32 Financial Instruments: 
Presentation. 
 
The amendments apply retrospectively for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. Earlier application is permitted. However, the 
companies will need to consider including the information to be disclosed in accordance with IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting 
Estimates and Errors in their next annual financial statements. 
 
The application of this new standard will have no impact on the consolidated financial statements. 
 
Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture (Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28) 
 
On September 11, 2014, this amendment was issued requiring that when transfers are made from subsidiaries to an associate or joint venture, a full 
gain is recognized when the transferred assets meet the definition of "business" under IFRS 3 Combinations of Business. The amendment places strong 
F-289

--- Page 592 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 30 
 
pressure on the definition of "business" for recognition in profit or loss. The amendment also introduces new and unexpected recognition of 
transactions that consider partial maintenance in assets that do not constitute a business. 
 
The effective date of application of this amendment has been deferred indefinitely. 
 
The Bank's Management is awaiting the new effective date to evaluate the potential effects of this to evaluate the potential effects of this amendment. 
 
Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Statement of Practice 2 Making Materiality Judgements) 
 
In October 2018, the Board refined the definition of material to make it easier to understand and apply. This definition is now aligned across IFRS 
standards and conceptual framework. The refined definition of material complements the non-mandatory IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making 
Materiality Judgements, issued by the Board in 2017, which outlines a four-step process that prepares can use to help them make materiality 
judgements in preparing the financial statements. 
 
In February 2021, the Board issued amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements and an update to IFRS Practice Statement 2. 
 
The amendments include the following: 
 
• 
Require companies to disclose their material accounting policies rather than their significant accounting policies. 
 
• 
Clarify that accounting policies related to immaterial transactions, other events or conditions are themselves immaterial and as such need not 
be disclosed; and 
 
• 
Clarify that not all accounting policies that relate to material transactions, other events or conditions are themselves material to a company's 
financial statements. 
 
The amendments to Practice Statement 2 include two additional examples on the application of materiality in accounting policy disclosures. 
 
The Bank's management is evaluating the potential impact of the application of this amendment on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS 8) 
 
In February 2021, the Board issued amendments to IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors, to clarify how companies 
should distinguish between changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates, with the main focus being the definition and 
clarification of accounting estimates. 
 
The amendments clarify the relationship between policies and accounting estimates, specifying that a company develops an accounting estimate to 
achieve the objective previously set out by an accounting policy. 
 
The application of this amendment will have no impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction (Amendments to IAS 12) 
 
In May 2021, the Board issued amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction, to clarify how 
companies should account for deferred tax on certain types of transactions where an asset and a liability is recognized, such as leases and 
decommissioning obligations. 
 
The amendments narrow the scope of the recognition exemption so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on initial recognition, give rise to 
equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. As a result, companies will need to recognize a deferred tax asset and a deferred tax liability for 
all temporary differences arising, on initial recognition, of a lease and a decommissioning obligation. 
 
The Bank's management is evaluating the potential impact of the application of this amendment on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Initial Application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 – Comparative Information (Amendment to IFRS 17) 
 
In December 2021, the Board issued the amendment to IFRS 17 Initial Application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 – Comparative information, to alleviate the 
operational complexities between accounting for insurance contract liabilities and related financial assets on the initial application of IFRS 17. 
 
The amendment allows presentation of comparative information about financial assets related to insurance contracts to be presented in a manner 
that is more consistent with the provisions of International Financial Reporting Standard 9 (IFRS 9) Financial Instruments. 
 
Bank's Management estimates that this new regulation will have no impact on the Consolidated Financial Statements, given that the companies 
included in the consolidation issue no insurance contracts. 
 
Lease Liability on a Sale and Leaseback (Amendments to IFRS 16) 
 
In September 2022, the Board issued amendments to IFRS 16 "Leases – Lease liability on a Sale and Leaseback", which sets out the requirements for how 
an entity should account for a sale and leaseback after the date of the transaction. 
 
While IFRS 16 includes requirements on how to account for a sale and leaseback at the date the transaction takes place, the Standard does not specify 
how the subsequent measurement of this transaction would be. The amendments issued by the Board are in addition to the requirements set out in 
IFRS 16 for leaseback sales and support the consistent application of the Standard.  
 
The Bank's management has not determined the potential impact of the application of this amendment on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Non-current Liabilities with Covenants 
 
The International Accounting Standards Board (the Board) issued in October 2022 the amendment to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements, in 
which it indicates that only the covenants that a company must comply with on or before the reporting date affect the classification of a liability as 
current or non-current. 
F-290

--- Page 593 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 31 
Covenants with which the company must comply after the reporting date (i.e., future covenants) do not affect the classification of a liability at that 
date. However, when non-current liabilities are subject to covenants, companies are now required to disclose information to help users understand 
the risk that those liabilities may become repayable within 12 months after the reporting date. 
The Bank's management has not determined the potential impact of the application of this amendment on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 
c. Standards and instructions issued by the Financial Market Commission (CMF).
General rule No. 464: on January 31, 2022, the CMF modified NCG No. 460, which determined the insurance that can be contracted in accordance 
with the provisions of article 538 bis of the Commercial Code. Incorporating agricultural insurance associated with: Loss, damage, theft, or larceny of 
agricultural products and/or agricultural, livestock, forestry production and risks of agriculture in general, or universalities, covered by the Agricultural 
Insurance Programs, with grants from the Government or those who replace them. 
The application of this standard will have no effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Circular No. 2,305: on February 16, 2022, the Commission modified chapter C-1 on monthly financial statements of the Compendium of Accounting 
Standards for Banks and has decided to replace table No. 2 of Annex No. 6 on solvency indicators and regulatory compliance indicators according to 
Basel III. 
Bank's Management implemented these measures in the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Circular No. 2,312: dated April 27, 2022, the CMF modifies RAN 1-13 on "Classification of management and solvency" and RAN 12-21 on "Measurement 
and control of market risks" with the purpose of updating the regulations associated with the measurement of market risks, in accordance with the 
gradual repeal of the provisions established in Chapter III.B.2.2 of the Compendium of Regulations.  
Financial Institutions of the Central Bank and with the entry into force of the instructions given in RAN 21-7 on "Determination of assets weighted by 
market risk" and RAN 21-13 on "Assessment of the Sufficiency of Effective Capital of Banks". The changes are as follows: 
a) In Chapter 12-21, the limits on interest rate risk in the trading book and limits on currency risk are eliminated, since said instructions are given in
Chapter 21-7 of the RAN on weighted assets market risk. Likewise, the references to Chapter 21-7 of the RAN are updated, while requirements that
do not apply to the new regulations, such as the measurement of internal models, are repealed.
b) In Chapter 1-13 of the RAN, concordance adjustments are made, while Annex 4 is incorporated, which contains the instructions for the market risk
stress tests, distinguishing those of the Trading Book from those of the Bank book.
On the other hand, the following files of the information system manual will no longer be reported: 
a) File C41 “Weekly information on market risks according to standardized methodology”.
b) File C42 “Monthly information on market risks according to standardized methodology”.
c) File C43 “Consolidated information on market risks according to standardized methodology”.
The Bank's Management estimates that the application of this standard will have no effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bank. 
Circular 2,313: dated April 27, 2022, the CMF modified chapter B1 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks, in which it was established 
that, for the formation of the group portfolio, commercial exposures, other than student loans, associated with the same counterparty, should not 
exceed a threshold of 20,000 UF and 0.2% of the group portfolio. For the calculation of the exposure to the same counterparty, that which is obtained 
in an aggregate manner must be considered, making use of the definition of business group issued by the Commission. 
The Bank's Management implemented these changes in its Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2022. 
Circular No. 2,317: On July 29, 2022, the CMF updated the instructions contained in Chapter 18-5 of the RAN regarding information on debtors of 
financial institutions, which in accordance with Article 14 of the General Banking Law, establishes that the CMF must maintain permanent and revised 
information on the debtors of banks, for the use of the institutions subject to its oversight. This is intended to control the degree of assurance and 
prudence with which their funds have been invested and safeguarding depositors and the public interest. From the credit record, generated by the 
files "debtor information under article 14 of the General Banking Law" (D10) and "obligations of lessees in lease transactions" (D27) that the entities 
are obliged to report, the CMF generates two products: the "consolidated debt file" (R04) and the individual debt report. 
The Bank's Management believes the application of this standard will not have no impact on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
General Standard No. 484: on August 5, 2022, the CMF has issued instructions regarding the requirements, rules, and conditions to be met by 
commissions charged on money lending transactions under Law 18,010. 
The Bank's Management believes the application of this standard will have no impact on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Circular 2,318: On August 12, 2022, new files R13 on "Market risk of the banking book" and R14 on "Credit concentration risk" are incorporated to 
the Risk System of the Information System Manual. The information for October 2022 must be sent within the first 11 business days of November 
2022, for regulatory files R13 and R14, becoming effective immediately, in accordance with the deadlines and frequencies established for each such 
files. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the regulatory limits measured and monitored in regulatory file R13 will become effective beginning in April 
2023. 
The Bank's Management believes the application of this standard will have no impact on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Circular 2,319: On September 8, 2022, the CMF incorporates adjustments to files R08, MC1, MC2, MC3 and MC4 and Table 121 of the Banks’ 
Information System Manual related to the measurement and supervision of the loss component used in calculating operational risk-weighted assets. 
In general, the adjustments consist of:  
(i) clarifying that income from recoveries cannot exceed the amount of the loss from the same operating event.
ii) specifying at which Basel level expenses and provisions that cannot be assigned to a particular loss event must be reported; and
F-291

--- Page 594 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 32 
 
iii) enabling in the accounting supplementary information files, reporting operating loss event-related negative net losses for the period. 
 
The Bank's Management believes the application of this standard will have no impact on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Circular 2,320: On September 21, 2022, the CMF finished the delivery of file C04 of the accounting system, used to collect information on core capital, 
effective equity, and credit risk-weighted assets, according to the methodology prior to the implementation of the Basel III framework, by virtue of 
Law No. 21,130. 
 
The Bank's Management believes the application of this standard will have no impact on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
General Rule No. 487: On October 3, 2022, the CMF has deemed it pertinent to issue the following instructions to banks, support companies, payment 
card issuers and supervised savings and credit cooperatives so that they send information every six months with monthly data on the number of users 
affected by cases covered by Law No. 20,009, the amounts involved and the dates of response or compliance with their obligations according to File 
E24. These instructions are effective as of January 1, 2023. The information referring to the period from June 1, 2020, to December 31, 2022, must be 
submitted no later than June 30, 2023. 
 
The application of this standard had no effect on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Circular No. 2322: On October 6, 2022, the CMF extends the deadline for sending the regulatory files R01 on "Solvency limits and effective equity" 
and R06 on "Assets weighted by credit risk" from 9 to 11 business days, starting with the files sent during October 2022. 
 
The application of this standard had no effect on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Circular No. 2325: On November 9, 2022, the Financial Market Commission updated the regulations on the prevention of money laundering, financing 
of terrorism and non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. The purpose of the regulatory changes is to update the general and sectorial 
administrative regulations in force in consideration of the 40 Recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) and the work developed 
during the last years, within the framework of the referred National Strategy to Prevent and Combat Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism. 
The regulatory changes are introduced in Chapters 1-7, 1-13, 1-14 and 1-16 of the Updated Compilation of Rules for banks (applicable in this matter 
to their subsidiaries and business support companies), in Circular No. 123 for Cooperatives and in Circular No. 1 for Payment Card Issuers, considering 
in each case the emphasis corresponding to the nature and volume of operations of each type of institution. 
 
The application of this standard had no effect on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
Circular No. 2325: Dated November 18, 2022, Amends Chapters 18-5 and 20-6 of the Updated Compilation of Standards for Banks. Eliminates the 
requirement of having an enforceable title for the reporting of debtor information. 
 
The application of this standard had no effect on the Bank's Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
F-292

--- Page 595 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 33 
NOTE 4 – ACCOUNTING CHANGES 
On December 20, 2019, through circular letter No. 2,243, and as a result of various changes introduced by the International Accounting Standard 
Board to the international financial reporting standards ("IFRS") during recent years, particularly to the new IFRS 9, 15, 16 and the subsequent revision 
of the limitations in their application by national banks, the Financial Market Commission decided to fully update the instructions of the Compendium 
of Accounting Standards for Banks (“CNCB”). 
In accordance with the current legal framework, banks must use the accounting criteria provided by the Financial Market Commission and in all 
matters not addressed by the Commission or that do not contradict its instructions, they must adhere to the generally accepted accounting criteria, 
which correspond to the technical standards issued by Colegio de Contadores de Chile AG, matching the International Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) agreed by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). 
As a result of the above mentioned, the Bank established a plan for the transition to the new accounting standards that includes, among other aspects, 
the analysis of the differences in accounting criteria, the selection of the accounting criteria to be applied in cases where alternative treatments are 
allowed and the assessment of changes in procedures and information systems. 
On April 20, 2020, the Commission amended chapter E "Transitional Provisions" and postponed the first application date of the new provisions of the 
Compendium of Accounting Standards from January 1, 2022, with a transition date of January 1, 2021, for the comparative financial statements to be 
published as of March 2022. 
In accordance with this transition plan, the standards of the new Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks have been retroactively applied as 
of January 1, 2021, and an opening Consolidated Statement of Financial Position has been prepared as of that date. Also, in order to present 
comparative financial statements during the year 2022, the Bank prepared a set of restated financial statements for the year 2021. Except for the 
change of criteria for the suspension of the recognition of interest income and adjustments on an accrual basis as provided in Chapter B-2 of the CNCB, 
which was adopted prospectively as of January 1, 2022, so its transition date and first application date will be that date. 
The main impacts of the implementation of the CNCB update, both at the level of the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position and the 
Consolidated Statement of Income, are detailed and explained as follows: 
a)
Equity reconciliation according to the new Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks
Total Equity 
First-time application adjustments 
Adjustment 
reference (*) 
January 1, 
2021 
December 31, 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Miami Branch Syndicated Loans 
a) 
(8,615) 
(5,236) 
Suspension of accrual of interest and inflation-indexation 
b) 
- 
(17,468) 
Provisions for credit loss from the suspension of accrual of 
interest and inflation-indexation 
c) 
- 
4,897 
Commercial current accounts 
d) 
(1,289) 
(1,356) 
Change in group customer segmentation 
e) 
2,660 
3,144 
Impairment of debt financial instruments at amortized cost 
f) 
- 
(1,289) 
Investments in other companies in equity instruments 
g) 
374 
539 
Change in risk exposure of freely available revolving credit 
facilities 
h) 
6,880 
4,095 
Impairment of financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
i) 
(25,158) 
(12,807) 
Subtotal 
(25,148) 
(25,481) 
Deferred tax 
j) 
(1,599) 
2,356 
Equity as per the new Compendium of Accounting Standards 
for Banks 
(26,747) 
(23,125) 
(*) In letter d) the nature of the main adjustments is explained in detail. 
b) Opening Consolidated Statement of Position according to the new Compendium of Accounting Standards
As mentioned above, as of January 1, 2021, the standards of the new Compendium of Accounting Standards for the Bank were applied retroactively 
to prepare the corresponding opening Consolidated Statement of Position under these new accounting standards. 
The reconciliation of the balances in the Statement of Financial Position is presented below: 
Previous CNC: corresponds to the balances in the consolidated financial statements of the Bank and its subsidiaries as of January 1, 2021, which were 
prepared in accordance with the accounting criteria and principles of the previous Compendium of Accounting Standards. 
First-time application adjustments: correspond to the adjustments applying the criteria and instructions issued by the new standards. 
First-time application reclassifications: correspond to changes in the classification of items in the statement of financial position and statement of 
income as a result of the application of first-time application adjustments. 
New CNCB balance corresponds to the balances that result from applying the adjustments and/or reclassifications to closing balances. 
F-293

--- Page 596 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 34 
 
 
 
January 1, 2021 
Opening 
balance 
First-time 
application 
adjustments 
First-time 
application 
reclassifications 
New balance 
CNCB 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Cash and bank deposits 
4,597,868 
- 
- 
4,597,868 
Transactions in the course of collection 
236,710 
- 
- 
236,710 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
5,567,454 
- 
- 
5,567,454 
Financial derivative contracts 
4,420,175 
- 
- 
4,420,175 
Debt financial instruments 
1,049,848 
- 
- 
1,049,848 
Other financial instruments 
97,431 
- 
- 
97,431 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income: 
       7,993,596  
                            - 
(301,727) 
      7,691,869  
Debt financial instruments 
7,993,596  
-  
(301,727) 
     7,691,869  
Other financial instruments 
                      -  
                           -  
                              -  
                     -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
1,031,722  
                           -  
                              -  
     1,031,722  
Financial assets at amortized cost 
35,290,744  
(7,243) 
                   305,632  
   35,589,133  
Rights for reverse repurchase agreements and securities lending 
       190,248  
                           - 
                              -  
        190,248  
Debt financial instruments 
           25,145  
                           -  
                              -  
          25,145  
Loans and advances to banks 
356,669  
                           -  
                              -  
     356,669  
Loans and receivables from customers - Commercial 
22,707,117 
 (7,243)  
          305,632  
23,005,506  
Loans and receivable from customers - Mortgage 
8,897,472  
                          -  
                              -  
8,897,472  
Loans and receivable from customers - Consumer 
3,114,093  
                          -  
                              -  
  3,114,093  
Investments in companies 
29,067  
                     374  
               79,616  
  109,057  
Intangible assets 
395,276  
                           -  
                              -  
395,276  
Property and equipment 
         251,217  
                          -  
                              -  
         251,217  
Right-of-use assets 
204,807  
                          -  
                              -  
204,807  
Current tax assets 
36,270  
                          -  
                              -  
36,270  
Deferred tax assets 
211,224  
(1,599) 
                              -  
209,626  
Other assets 
1,264,833  
                           -  
                 (66,391) 
  1,198,442  
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale 
45,506  
                          -  
               (13,225)  
    32,281  
TOTAL ASSETS 
57,156,295  
 (8,468)  
3,905  
57,151,732 
 
 
 January 1, 2021 
Opening 
balance 
First-time 
application 
adjustments 
First-time 
application 
reclassifications 
New balance 
CNCB 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Transactions in the course of payment 
201,437  
                           -  
                              -  
201,437  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or 
loss 
       4,530,724  
                          -  
                             -  
      4,530,724  
Financial derivative contracts 
4,530,724  
                          -  
                             -  
4,530,724  
Other 
                     -  
                          -  
                             -  
                    -  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
                      -  
                          -  
                             -  
                    -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
1,262,629  
                           -  
                             -  
1,262,629  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost: 
44,271,211  
                           -  
                             -  
44,271,211  
Deposits and other on-demand deposits 
19,726,574  
                          -  
                             -  
19,726,574  
Deposits and other term deposits 
  10,839,610  
                          -  
                             -  
   10,839,610  
Liabilities for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
350,314  
                          -  
                             -  
        350,314  
Bank borrowings 
6,270,698  
                          -  
                             -  
6,270,698  
Debt financial instruments in issue 
       6,172,971  
                          -  
                              -  
      6,172,971  
Other financial liabilities 
          911,044  
                           -  
                             -  
         911,044  
Lease liabilities 
186,293  
                           -  
                             -  
   186,293  
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
1,258,653  
                           -  
                            -  
1,258,653  
Provisions for contingencies 
130,964  
                           -  
                             -  
 130,964  
Provisions for dividends, payment of interests and revaluation of 
instruments 
            95,236  
                           -  
                             -  
           95,236  
Special provisions for credit loss 
 215,377  
(6,880) 
                             -  
208,497 
Current taxes 
9,073  
                           -  
                             -  
         9,073  
Deferred taxes 
22,189  
                           -  
                             -  
        22,189  
Other liabilities 
1,077,804  
                           -  
                             -  
   1,077,804 
Liabilities included in disposal groups held for sale 
                     -  
                           -  
                             -  
                     -  
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
53,261,590  
             (6,880)  
                              -  
53,254,710  
EQUITY 
 
Share capital 
3,655,828  
                           -  
                             -  
3,655,828  
Reserves 
109  
(1,588)  
(25,243) 
    (26,722)  
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
22,223  
                          -  
29,148  
       51,371  
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
                      -  
                         -  
                             -  
                     -  
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss 
22,223  
                          -  
                  29,148  
51,371 
Retained earnings from prior years 
(6,758) 
-  
                             -  
(6,758) 
Profit for the period 
317,454  
                          -  
                             -  
  317,454  
Less: Provision for minimum dividends 
(95,236) 
                          -  
                             -  
(95,236) 
Owners of the bank: 
3,893,620  
                (1,588)  
3,905  
3,895,937 
Non-controlling interests 
1,085  
- 
- 
        1,085  
TOTAL EQUITY 
3,894,705  
(1,588)  
                  3,905  
3,897,022 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
57,156,295  
     (8,468)  
                     3,905  
57,151,732 
 
 
 
F-294

--- Page 597 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 35 
c)
Statements of Financial Position
The Statement of Financial Position as of December 31, 2021, is as follows: 
December 31, 2021 
Previous 
CNC 
Adjustments 
Reclassifications 
New  
CNCB 
Explanatory 
Note 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Cash and bank deposits 
3,960,498  
-  
-  
3,960,498  
Transactions in the course of collection 
350,072  
-  
-  
350,072  
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss: 
6,066,335  
     -  
-  
    6,066,335  
Financial derivative contracts 
5,192,467  
-  
-  
5,192,467  
Debt financial instruments 
717,058  
-  
-  
717,058  
Other financial instruments 
156,810  
-  
-  
156,810  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value 
through profit or loss 
   -  
-  
-  
-  
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
   -  
-  
-  
-  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
11,204,593  
-
(390,946)
10,813,647  
Debt financial instruments 
11,204,593  
-
(390,946)
10,813,647  
Other financial instruments 
-  
-  
-  
-  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
1,589,058  
-  
-  
1,589,058  
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
43,354,037  
(17,308) 
394,002  
43,730,731  
Rights for reverse repurchase agreements and securities lending 
186,753  
-  
-  
186,753  
Debt financial instruments 
2,297,355  
(1,289) 
-
2,296,066 
f) 
Loans and advances to banks 
639,533  
-  
-  
639,533 
Loans and receivables from customers - Commercial 
26,299,823 
(7,639) 
394,002  
26,686,186
b, c), d), e) 
Loans and receivables from customers - Mortgage 
10,707,375 
(8,319) 
-
10,699,056
b), c) 
Loans and receivables from customers - Consumer 
3,223,198 
(61) 
-  
3,223,137
b), c) 
Investments in companies 
114,875  
539  
-
115,414
h) 
Intangible assets 
440,958  
-  
-  
440,958 
Property and equipment 
252,734  
-  
-  
252,734 
Right-of-use assets 
189,026  
-  
-  
189,026
Current tax assets 
19,572  
-  
-  
19,572 
Deferred tax assets 
251,196  
2,356  
-
253,552 
Other assets 
1,319,963  
-  
-  
1,319,963
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale 
45,718  
-  
-  
45,718  
TOTAL ASSETS 
69,158,635  
(14,413) 
3,056  
69,147,278 
LIABILITIES 
Transactions in the course of payment 
 258,686  
-  
-  
 258,686  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 5,094,231  
-  
-  
 5,094,231  
Financial derivative contracts 
 5,094,231  
-  
-  
 5,094,231  
Other 
 -  
-  
-  
-  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
-  
-  
-  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 1,492,815  
-  
-  
 1,492,815  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost: 
54,086,905  
-  
-  
54,086,905  
Deposits and other on-demand liabilities 
27,653,442  
-  
-  
27,653,442  
Deposits and other term deposits 
 10,865,149  
-  
-  
 10,865,149  
Liabilities for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 141,178  
-  
-  
 141,178  
Bank borrowings 
 6,970,837  
-  
-  
 6,970,837  
Debt financial instruments issued 
 7,428,196  
-  
-  
 7,428,196  
Other financial obligations 
 1,028,103  
-  
-  
 1,028,103  
Lease liabilities 
 173,726  
-  
-  
 173,726  
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
 1,332,936  
-  
-  
 1,332,936  
Provisions for contingencies 
 138,611  
-  
-  
 138,611  
Provisions for dividends, payment of interests and revaluation of 
instruments 
 156,117  
-  
-  
 156,117  
Special provisions for credit loss 
 416,160  
(4,095) 
-
 412,065 
g) 
Current taxes 
 141,535  
-  
-  
 141,535 
Deferred taxes 
 926  
-  
-  
 926  
Other liabilities 
 1,364,510  
-  
-  
 1,364,510  
Liabilities included in disposal groups held for sale 
 -  
-  
-  
-  
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 64,657,158  
(4,095) 
-
64,653,063 
EQUITY 
Share capital 
 3,862,386  
-  
-  
3,862,386  
Reserves 
 25  
(10,318) 
(12,807) 
    (23,100)  
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 273,392  
-  
15,863  
      289,255  
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
       - 
-  
-  
- 
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss 
273,392 
-  
15,863  
289,255 
a), i) 
Retained earnings from prior years 
-  
-  
-  
-  
Profit for the period 
520,391  
-  
-  
520,391  
Less: Provision for minimum dividends 
 (156,117)  
-  
-  
(156,117) 
Owners of the bank: 
4,500,077  
 (10,318)  
3,056  
4,492,815  
Non-controlling interest 
1,400  
-  
-  
1,400  
TOTAL EQUITY 
4,501,477  
(10,318) 
3,056  
4,494,215  
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
69,158,635  
     (14,413)  
3,056  
69,147,278 
F-295

--- Page 598 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 36 
 
d) Description of the main adjustments 
The main adjustments and/or reclassifications are as follows: 
 
a. Syndicated Loans 
Corresponds to the reclassification of Miami Branch syndicated loans, according to the new business model of IFRS 9, such loans are reclassified from 
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income to assets at amortized cost. Consequently, provisions for credit loss were 
determined in accordance with chapter B-1 of the CNCB. 
 
b. Suspension of accrual of interest and Inflation indexation 
Corresponds to the change in the criteria for the suspension of the recognition of interest Inflation indexation income on an accrual basis for loans in 
the Statement of Income, when the loan or one of its payments has been 90 days past, as provided in Chapter B-2 of the Compendium. 
 
c. Provisions for credit loss from the suspension of accrual of interest and Inflation indexation 
Corresponds to the adjustment in provisions for credit loss as a result of the change in the value of gross loans as a result of the change in the criteria 
for suspending the recognition of interest Inflation indexation income on an accrual basis. 
 
d. Commercial current accounts 
As a result of the reclassification of the financing granted to subsidiaries from other assets to commercial loans, provisions were made for credit risk 
in accordance with chapter B1 of the CNCB. 
 
e. Change in group customer segmentation 
Corresponds to the change in the segmentation criteria of the model based on group analysis according to chapter B-1 of the Compendium, in which 
the Bank has an aggregate exposure to the same counterparty of less than 20,000 UF. 
 
f. Impairment of debt financial instruments at amortized cost 
According to IFRS 9, the Bank shall recognize provisions for expected credit losses on debt financial instruments classified as assets at amortized cost. 
 
g. Investments in other companies in equity instruments 
Corresponds to the recognition of minority investments in equity instruments according to IFRS 9, which according to the business model 
established by the Bank will not be held for trading and therefore, will be recognized and measured at fair value through Other Comprehensive 
Income. 
 
h. Change in risk exposure of freely available revolving credit facilities 
Corresponds to the change in exposures to credit risk of contingent loans according to chapter B-3 of the Compendium. The changes are as follows: 
 
a) The other freely available revolving credit facilities increase the contingent exposure from 35% to 40%. 
b) A new freely available, immediate payment revolving credit facility is created with an exposure factor of 10%. 
 
i. 
Impairment of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
Corresponds to the recognition of impairment of financial instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income in accordance with IFRS. 
 
j. 
Deferred taxes 
 
Corresponds to the determination of deferred taxes associated with the adjustments made. 
 
 
 
F-296

--- Page 599 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 37 
NOTE 5 – SIGNIFICANT EVENTS 
a)
Agreement for the distribution of profits for the year 2021
On February 25, 2022, a Board of Directors meeting was held, where it was agreed to determine the distribution of the net profits obtained by the 
Bank in 2021, which was approved at the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting held on April 7, 2022. The approved subjects are the following: 
-
Distribute the balance of net profits amounting to Ch$520,391,300,750 (MCh$520,391), as follows:
▪
Distribute a dividend of Ch$1,010 per share among the total of 155,886,505 shares issued and registered in the Shareholders'
Registry, which implies allocating for this purpose the sum of Ch$157,445,370,050 (MCh$157,445), i.e., 30.26% of the
distributable net income for the year 2021.
▪
Allocate the remaining balance of profits for the year to the reserve fund from profit, i.e., the sum of Ch$362,945,930,700
(MCh$362,946).
At the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting held on April 7, 2022, the following was approved: 
-
Capitalize reserves from profit of Ch$362,945,930,700 (MCh$362,946) as follows:
▪
Ch$362,945,918,211 (MCh$362,946) through the issuance of 12,950,840 fully paid, with no par value and the balance, without
the issuance of bonus shares.
On August 2, 2022, by means of exempt resolution No. 4870 issued by the CMF, the amendment of the bylaws agreed at the Extraordinary 
Shareholders' Meeting was approved. 
The related Certificate and extract of the Resolution was published in the Official Gazette on May 31, 2022, and registered on Page 38,866, Number 
17,695 of the Trade Register of the Santiago Real Estate Registry of 2022. The issuance of the bonus shares was registered in the Securities Registry 
of the CMF under No. 1/2022. The bonus shares were issued and distributed on September 1, 2022.  
b)
Issue and placement of bonds
During the year 2022, no subordinated bond issues or placements have been made. 
During the year 2022, the following issue of Current Bonds in pesos was made: 
Series 
Placement date 
Nominal value 
Internal 
Return Rate 
(TIR) (%) 
Due date 
BBCIQ10922 
09-01-2022
50,000,000,000 
   7.20  
03-01-2025
During the year 2022, the following placements of Current Bonds in pesos have been made: 
Series 
Placement date 
Nominal value 
Internal 
Return Rate 
(TIR) 
Due date 
BBCIO31220  
04-01-2022
 55,000,000,000  
7.10 
12-01-2027
BBCIO21220  
04-06-2022
    5,000,000,000  
7.15 
12-01-2026
BBCIO21220  
04-06-2022
  39,000,000,000  
7.15 
12-01-2026
BBCIO21220  
05-30-2022
    6,500,000,000  
6.93 
12-01-2026
BBCIO21220  
05-30-2022
    1,500,000,000  
6.93 
12-01-2026
BBCIO21220  
05-31-2022
    1,000,000,000  
6.93 
12-01-2026
BBCIO21220  
06-09-2022
    2,000,000,000  
7.15 
12-01-2026
BBCIO11220  
08-17-2022
20,000,000,000 
8.14 
12-01-2025
BBCIO11220  
08-31-2022
6,000,000,000 
8.45 
12-01-2025
BBCIO11220  
08-31-2022
3,000,000,000 
8.45 
12-01-2025
BBCIO11220  
09-08-2022
11,000,000,000 
8.40 
12-01-2025
BBCIO11220  
09-12-2022
17,000,000,000 
8.35 
12-01-2025
BBCIO11220  
09-13-2022
15,000,000,000 
8.15 
12-01-2025
BBCIO11220  
09-14-2022
2,000,000,000 
8.16 
12-01-2025
BBCIO11220  
09-14-2022
14,000,000,000 
8.16 
12-01-2025
BBCIO11220  
09-23-2022
2,500,000,000 
8.20 
12-01-2025
BBCIO11220  
09-23-2022
5,000,000,000 
8.20 
12-01-2025
BBCIO11220  
09-26-2022
4,500,000,000 
8.27 
12-01-2025
BBCIO21220  
10-27-2022
17,000,000,000 
7.33 
12-01-2026
BBCIO21220  
11-04-2022
10,000,000,000 
7.39 
12-01-2026
BBCIO21220  
11-04-2022
5,000,000,000 
7.39 
12-01-2026
BBCIO21220  
11-22-2022
2,000,000,000 
6.33 
12-01-2026
BBCIO21220  
11-22-2022
2,000,000,000 
6.33 
12-01-2026
BBCIO21220  
11-29-2022
9,000,000,000 
6.58 
12-01-2026
BBCIQ10922  
12-02-2022
12,000,000,000 
7.20 
03-01-2025
BBCIQ10922  
12-07-2022
20,000,000,000 
7.45 
03-01-2025
BBCIQ10922  
12-09-2022
18,000,000,000 
7.45 
03-01-2025
During the year 2022, the following issues were made of current bonds in UF: 
Series 
Placement date 
UF 
IRR rate 
Due date 
BBCIR10922  
09-01-2022
1,000,000 
           2.85  
03-01-2028
BBCIR20922  
09-01-2022
1,000,000 
  2.80  
09-01-2028
BBCIR30922  
09-01-2022
1,000,000 
  2.80  
03-01-2029
F-297

--- Page 600 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 38 
 
During 2022, the following UF current bond placements have been made: 
 
Series 
Placement date 
UF 
IRR rate 
Due date 
BBCII20219   
01-07-2022 
270,000 
            3.02  
02-01-2029 
BBCIN21220   
02-09-2022 
1,750,000 
              2.83  
12-01-2027 
BBCIN21220   
02-10-2022 
300,000 
              2.87  
12-01-2027 
BBCIN41220   
02-11-2022 
850,000 
            3.03  
12-01-2030 
BBCIN41220   
02-11-2022 
100,000 
           3.03  
12-01-2030 
BBCIN41220   
02-11-2022 
100,000 
             3.03  
12-01-2030 
BBCIN21220   
03-16-2022 
950,000 
             2.59  
12-01-2027 
BBCIK20519   
04-29-2022 
200,000 
             1.65  
05-01-2025 
BBCIN41220   
06-09-2022 
370,000 
             2.62  
12-01-2030 
BBCIP31021   
06-15-2022 
2,000,000 
             2.83  
10-01-2033 
BBCIN41220   
06-16-2022 
1,580,000 
              2.76  
12-01-2030 
BBCIP31021   
07-07-2022 
300,000 
              2.53  
10-01-2033 
BBCIK20519   
07-12-2022 
1,000,000 
              1.92  
05-01-2025 
BBCIP31021   
07-13-2022 
635,000 
               2.61  
10-01-2033 
BBCIP31021   
07-15-2022 
65,000 
             2.48  
10-01-2033 
BBCIP41021   
07-21-2022 
2,520,000 
           2.55  
04-01-2035 
BBCIP11021   
07-28-2022 
3,000,000 
            2.55  
10-01-2031 
BBCIK20519   
08-09-2022 
250,000 
            2.03  
05-01-2025 
BBCIP21021   
08-22-2022 
3,000,000 
             3.04  
10-01-2032 
BBCIP41021   
10-13-2022 
180,000 
               3.11  
04-01-2035 
BBCIP41021   
12-20-2022 
300,000 
              2.63  
04-01-2035 
BBCIP51021   
12-20-2022 
3,000,000 
             2.63  
10-01-2036 
BBCIR30922   
12-20-2022 
450,000 
              2.86  
03-01-2029 
BBCIR10922   
12-27-2022 
1,000,000 
             2.85  
03-01-2028 
BBCIR20922   
12-27-2022 
1,000,000 
             2.80  
09-01-2028 
BBCIR30922   
12-27-2022 
250,000 
              2.75  
03-01-2029 
BBCIR30922   
12-27-2022 
300,000 
              2.75  
03-01-2029 
 
During the year 2022, the following issue and placement of current bonds in Japanese Yen was carried out: 
 
Series 
Issue date 
YEN 
IRR rate 
Due date 
XS2424489958 
01.07.2022 
5,000,000,000 
0.5% 
01.07.2027 
 
During 2022, there have been no issuances or placements of Australian Dollar Current Bonds. 
 
During the year 2022, there have been no issuances or placements of Current Bonds in Euros. 
 
During the year 2022, the following issues and placements of Current Bonds in U.S. Dollars were made: 
 
Series 
Issue date 
USD 
IRR rate 
Due date 
XS2454830824 
03.10.2022 
10,000,000 
1.6596 
03.10.2029 
XS2457006521 
03.15.2022 
25,000,000 
1.6694 
03.15.2027 
 
During the year 2022, the following issue and placement of current bonds in Swiss Francs was carried out: 
 
Series 
Issue date 
CHF 
IRR rate 
Due date 
CH1142512339 
01-26-2022 
200,000,000 
0.599 
04-26-2027 
 
 
c) Banco BCI Perú 
 
Banco BCI Perú S.A. was incorporated via public deed on September 14, 2021, in the Republic of Peru. On May 3, 2022, in accordance with essential 
event No. 101, Banco BCI informed the CMF that on April 29, 2022, the Superintendence of Banking, Insurance and Pension Fund Administrators of 
Peru granted Banco BCI Perú (hereinafter "BCI Perú") authorization to operate as a multiple operations banking company through SBS Resolution No. 
1440-2022.  
 
Banco BCI Peru formally began its operations on July 15, 2022, after having complied with all the regulatory authorizations in Chile and Peru, as well 
as the registration of the shares of its capital stock before the Superintendency of the Stock Market and the Stock Exchange Lima values. 
 
d) Authorization for the sale of shares in Operadora de Tarjeta de Crédito Nexus S.A. 
 
On June 22, 2022, through resolution No. 3830, the CMF authorized the Bank to sell all its stake in the business support company called Operadora 
de Tarjeta de Crédito Nexus S.A. (Nexus S.A.). On September 30, the Bank sold its entire interest in Nexus S.A. for MCh$1,319 million. 
 
e) Capital increase in Pagos y Servicios S.A. 
 
On September 30, 2022, a capital increase was made in Pagos y Servicios S.A., of which the Bank has contributed MCh$2,054 and on December 14, 
2023, a contribution of MCh$949 was made. 
 
f) Capital increase BCI Securities S.A. 
 
On November 9, 2022, a capital increase was made in BCI Securities S.A., of which the Bank made a contribution of MCh$903. 
 
 
F-298

--- Page 601 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 39 
g)
Impairment associated with Goodwill in Financial Services
As a result of the application of the requirements established in International Accounting Standard 36 "Impairment of assets", the Bank performs 
during and at the end of each reporting period the evaluation of impairment indicators affecting the determination of the recoverable amount of its 
assets. 
Consistent with the requirements, from the issuance of the Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2021, the Bank indicated that it 
was monitoring the effects that economic and social events could have on the significant estimates and judgments it must make as part of the 
process of preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements and concluded that there was no concrete evidence of impairment. 
In their turn, in the Consolidated Financial Statements reported during 2022, considering the evolution of the economic situation, the Bank stated 
that it continued to permanently monitor and evaluate the impacts that this has caused on its profit or loss, as well as the effects on the significant 
estimates and judgments including the allowances for credit risk and the impairment of assets in general, and on goodwill specifically, concluding 
that these events did not generate an impact on profit or loss for the period or on the financial position as of those dates. 
In consideration of the evolution of the impacts on the Chilean economy and with the gain or loss from Financial Services CGU, there has been 
ongoing monitoring, where the indicators requiring impairment tests on the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets generated in business 
combinations assigned to this CGU were activated. 
Once the related calculations were made, the Bank determined it was necessary to recognize in the Consolidated Financial Statements as of 
December 31, 2022, an impairment loss associated with the goodwill assigned to the Financial Services CGU of MCh$20,442 (see further details in 
Note 40). 
h) Collective Voluntary Proceeding between the National Consumer Service and the Bank.
In a voluntary proceeding N° V-359-2022, processed at the 9th Civil Court of Santiago, by resolution dated November 25, 2022, after verifying 
compliance with the minimum requirements, the agreement entered between the National Consumer Service and the Bank, which is contained in 
Exempt Resolution No. 895 dated October 14, 2022, was legally approved, for the agreement to take effect for the customers that may potentially be 
affected. 
The Bank decided to reach an agreement with Sernac and participate in a Collective Voluntary Procedure (PVC), which implies refunding charges made 
for the collection of legal fees to customers recording past due balances. The amounts to be refunded relate to legal expenses incurred by the Bank 
between July 1, 2020, and June 30, 2022, in cases where customers did not comply with the obligations agreed-upon. The amount to be refunded is 
MCh$7,287.  
This situation was generated as a result of a difference in the interpretation of the administrative regulation on the collection of legal commissions 
between Sernac and the Bank. This decision made by the Bank for a conciliation is based on the understanding that we have always acted in good 
faith and seek all possible options to reach an agreement with our customers, as, if a person has problems to catch up financially, the Bank analyzes 
the case to provide payment facilities, such as extensions, new terms and partial payment reductions that allow them to regularize their situation. 
F-299

--- Page 602 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 40 
 
NOTE 6 – BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
 
Pursuant to IFRS 8, the Bank has aggregated operating segments with similar economic characteristics based on the aggregation criteria indicated in 
the standard. Thus, a business segment comprises customers to whom a differentiated product offering is addressed, but who are homogeneous in 
terms that their performance is measured in a similar way and are therefore part of the same business segment. 
In general terms, such aggregation has no significant impact on understanding the nature and effects of the business activities in which the Bank 
engages and the economic environment in which it operates. 
 
The segment report is presented by the Bank based on the defined business structure, which is aimed at optimizing customer service with products 
and services, according to their relevant commercial characteristics. 
 
To reliably reflect the nature of the Bank's business in the segments in which it engages, the presentation of the note includes the following: 
 
The result of the Balance Sheet management is assigned to the commercial segments according to the composition of assets and liabilities of each 
business. 
 
Corporate expenses are assigned to commercial segments, based on assignment criteria for each of the units established as Corporate 
(Comptrollership, Accounting, General Management, among others). 
 
A minimum provision adjustment is assigned to the segments according to the classification of the customers that originated them. 
 
Voluntary (additional) provisions expense is allocated to the Commercial Segments: Consumer and Housing 100% to Individuals and Commercial based 
on the weight of the Commercial provisions stock of SMEs and Wholesale in the related period. 
 
In June 2021, Private Banking was integrated into Investment & Finance Banking to deepen our business model and enhance investment opportunities. 
In this way, Private Banking was transferred from the Wholesale segment to the Finance segment.  
 
The commercial structure is presented below, with the segments defined by the Bank: 
 
Retail Banking Segment: serves natural persons. Its business units are: Personal and Premium. 
 
SME Banking segment: this segment includes companies with sales of up to UF 80,000 per year. 
 
Wholesale Banking segment: considers all companies with sales of more than UF 80,000 per year. 
 
Finance segment: includes the intermediation of financial positions and the management of the Bank's own investment portfolio. It also considers 
high-net-worth clients and investors that require high-value financial services (Private Banking). 
 
BCI Financial Group: corresponds to business and operations performed in the United States through City National Bank of Florida (CNB), which 
operates as an independent unit, under the supervision of senior management in Chile. 
 
Financial Services: corresponds to businesses associated with the issuance and operation of BCI Líder Mastercard and Presto credit cards, the 
origination of low and high-amount cash advances and personal insurance brokerage, among others, which operates as an independent unit, under 
the supervision of BCI’s senior management. 
 
Other: this concept includes expenses and/or income, which due to their nature are not directly identified with the business segments and therefore 
are not assigned. 
 
Allocation of results of subsidiaries by customer: 
 
Consistent with its customer-focused strategy, management of the segments considers in each one the income and expenses generated in the 
subsidiaries as a result of the attention/provision of services to the Bank's customers in each segment, as well as the distribution desk results. 
 
Allocation of balance sheet management result: 
 
To consider in each segment all, the benefits and costs associated with serving its customers, the result for managing currency and term mismatches 
is distributed to the segments, in proportion to the assets and liabilities of each segment. 
 
Allocation of expenses to commercial segments: 
 
Own expenses: correspond to the expenses of the commercial units that are divided into direct business expenses (personnel expenses, customer 
service, extra expenses, materials, and supplies, among others) and intercommercial expenses, which are assigned to the business by survey or ABC 
(transactions). 
 
Assigned expenses: expenses of support units (Operations, Risk, Management, etc.) that are assigned based on surveys (according to the services they 
provide to the business) or ABC (transactions). 
 
Technological expenses: correspond to technological expenses, whether depreciation, recurring expenses (software, licenses, maintenance, etc.) and 
expenses for new projects, which are grouped into the different technological applications of the Bank, which have a defined allocation driver for the 
banks based on their use (ABC model). 
 
These criteria have been applied for the periods ended December 31, 2022, and 2021.  
 
The management of the commercial areas indicated above is measured with the concepts presented in this note, which is based on the accounting 
principles applied to the Bank's Consolidated Statements of Income for the Period. 
 
 
F-300

--- Page 603 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 41 
a)
Profit (loss) in 2022:
December 31, 2022 
Retail 
SMEs 
Wholesale 
Finance 
Total Segments 
Bci Financial Group 
Financial 
Services 
Other 
Total 
Consolidated Bci 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Net interest and Inflation-indexation income  
636,270 
205,406 
550,144 
206,028 
1,597,848 
540,863 
119,378 
51,627 
2,309,716 
Net fee income 
174,296 
36,202 
85,443 
8,696 
304,637 
34,816 
30,166 
(2,708) 
366,911 
Other operating income 
9,581 
12,373 
45,204 
(86,820) 
(19,662) 
37,743 
19,844 
(22,869) 
15,056 
Total operating income 
820,147 
253,981 
680,791 
127,904 
1,882,823 
613,422 
169,388 
26,050 
2,691,683 
Provisions for credit loss 
(157,843) 
(59,366) 
(87,378) 
(3,415) 
(308,002) 
(26,142) 
(133,284) 
(27,442) 
(494,870) 
Net operating income 
662,304 
194,615 
593,413 
124,489 
1,574,821 
587,280 
36,104 
(1,392) 
2,196,813 
Total operating expenses 
(450,193) 
(143,691) 
(208,392) 
(90,457) 
(892,733) 
(261,689) 
(85,666) 
(52,226) 
(1,292,314) 
OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 
212,111 
50,924 
385,021 
34,032 
682,088 
325,591 
(49,562) 
(53,618) 
904,499 
Income from investments in companies 
7,404 
Profit before tax 
911,903 
Income tax 
(90,879) 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD 
821,024 
December 31, 2022 
Retail 
SMEs 
Wholesale 
Finance 
Total Segments 
CNB 
Financial services 
Total Consolidated 
BCI 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
13,875,687 
2,866,589 
11,140,839 
28,088,401 
55,971,516 
21,419,140 
658,463 
78,049,119 
Loans and receivables from customers (1) 
13,581,676 
2,801,911 
10,824,273 
4,940,259 
32,148,119 
14,127,100 
669,740 
46,944,959 
LIABILITIES 
8,056,247 
2,486,766 
10,792,137 
31,641,120 
52,976,270 
19,703,651 
592,397 
73,272,318 
On-demand and term deposits (2) 
6,820,979 
2,212,342 
9,899,249 
6,220,091 
25,152,661 
17,212,364 
3,105 
42,368,130 
EQUITY 
4,776,801 
(1) Corresponds to loans receivable from customers plus loans and advances to banks, without deducting their corresponding allowances.
(2) Corresponds to deposits and other on-demand liabilities and deposits and other term deposits.
b)
Profit (loss) in 2021 :
December 31, 2021 
RETAIL 
SMEs 
WHOLESALE 
FINANCE 
Total Segments 
BCI FINANCIAL 
GROUP 
Financial 
services 
OTHER 
Total 
Consolidated BCI 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Net interest and Inflation-indexation income 
516,691 
183,456 
414,157 
114,740 
1,229,044 
401,504 
112,103 
(42,247) 
1,700,404 
Net fee income 
172,867 
37,887 
75,978 
12,381 
299,113 
31,576 
27,027 
(2,086) 
355,630 
Other operating income 
3,237 
11,816 
51,545 
(15,256) 
51,342 
20,821 
13,987 
12,583 
98,733 
Total operating income (loss) 
692,795 
233,159 
541,680 
111,865 
1,579,499 
453,901 
153,117 
(31,750) 
2,154,767 
Provisions for credit loss 
(150,691) 
(92,222) 
(104,370) 
(6,843) 
(354,126) 
8,078 
(48,144) 
(6,932) 
(401,124) 
Net operating income 
542,104 
140,937 
437,310 
105,022 
1,225,373 
461,979 
104,973 
(38,682) 
1,753,643 
Total operating expenses 
(376,188) 
(108,427) 
(167,302) 
(67,754) 
(719,671) 
(196,704) 
(84,236) 
(33,292) 
(1,033,903) 
OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 
165,916 
32,510 
270,008 
37,268 
505,702 
265,275 
20,737 
(71,974) 
719,740 
Income from investments in companies 
2,290 
Profit before tax 
722,030 
Income tax 
(201,484) 
CONSOLIDATED PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD 
520,546 
December 31, 2021 
RETAIL 
SMEs 
WHOLESALE 
FINANCE 
Total Segments 
CNB 
Financial 
services 
Total Consolidated BCI 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
11,956,824 
2,885,480 
10,006,371 
24,849,789 
49,698,464 
18,776,364 
672,450 
69,147,278 
Loans and receivables from customers (1) 
11,864,671 
2,927,926 
10,104,373 
5,272,348 
30,169,318 
11,637,497 
192,609 
41,999,424 
LIABILITIES 
7,848,861 
2,438,836 
10,903,236 
25,962,788 
47,153,721 
16,920,068 
579,274 
64,653,063 
On-demand and term deposits (2) 
6,684,725 
2,270,419 
10,673,369 
3,161,850 
22,790,363 
15,723,994 
4,234 
38,518,591 
EQUITY 
4,494,215 
(1) Corresponds to loans receivable from customers plus loans and advances to banks, without deducting their corresponding allowances.
(2) Corresponds to deposits and other on-demand liabilities and deposits and other term deposits.
F-301

--- Page 604 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 42 
 
NOTE 7 – CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 
1. The detail of the balances included under cash and cash equivalents, and reconciliation with the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
at the end of each period , is as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
  
2022 
2021 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Cash and bank deposits 
  
  
  
Cash 
580,389 
614,536 
608,988 
Deposits in the Central Bank of Chile (i) 
1,357,600 
720,369 
1,708,329 
Deposits in foreign central banks 
2,128,274 
969,775 
- 
Deposits in local banks 
8,250 
19,423 
20,945 
Deposits in foreign banks 
181,883 
1,636,395 
2,259,606 
Subtotal - Cash and bank deposits 
4,256,396 
3,960,498 
4,597,868 
  
Transactions in the course of collection or payment (ii) 
74,071 
91,386 
35,273 
Other cash equivalents (iii) 
2,979,070 
2,768,236 
781,839 
Total cash and cash equivalent 
7,309,537 
6,820,120 
5,414,980 
 
(i) 
The level of funds in cash and in the Central Bank of Chile responds to regulations on reserve requirements that the bank must maintain 
as a monthly average. 
(ii) 
Transactions in the course of collection or payment correspond to transactions in which the settlement that will increase or decrease the 
funds in the Central Bank of Chile or in foreign banks is pending, normally within 12 or 24 working hours, which are detailed as follows: 
(iii) 
Refers to instruments that meet the criteria to be considered as "cash equivalent" as defined by IAS 7, that is, for classification as "cash 
equivalent", investments in debt financial instruments must be short-term and highly liquid with an original maturity 90 days or less from 
the date of acquisition, that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash from the date of initial investment, and that are subject to 
an insignificant risk of changes in value. 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
  
2022 
2021 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets 
  
  
  
Notes payable to other banks (exchange) 
57,687 
75,248 
71,092 
Transfer of current funds receivable 
346,522 
274,824 
165,618 
Subtotal – assets 
404,209 
350,072 
236,710 
  
Liabilities 
Transfer of funds in process to be delivered 
330,138 
258,686 
201,437 
Subtotal - liabilities 
330,138 
258,686 
201,437 
 
 
 
F-302

--- Page 605 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 43 
NOTE 8 – FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD FOR TRADING AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the detail of financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss is as follows:
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
2022 
2021 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts 
 6,770,653  
 5,192,467  
4,420,175 
Debt financial instruments 
 770,101  
 717,058  
1,049,848 
Other financial instruments 
 139,861  
 156,810  
97,431 
Total 
 7,680,615  
 6,066,335  
5,567,454 
b) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the detail of financial derivatives is as follows:
December 31, 2022 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts  
Forwards 
 17,617  
 12,711,403  
 10,165,928  
 16,814,959  
 7,844,486  
 1,589,739  
 2,218,209  
 51,362,341  
 1,256,776  
Swaps 
 162,974  
 4,717,715  
 13,435,556  
 35,220,126  
 44,734,107  
 26,679,810  
 27,825,048  
 152,775,336  
 5,507,865  
Call options 
 -  
 21,074  
 50,119  
 106,155  
 1,699  
 114  
 -  
 179,161  
 1,133  
Put options 
 -  
 20,104  
 48,269  
 94,005  
 1,189  
 -  
-  
 163,567  
 4,879  
Futures 
 -  
-  
 -  
 3  
 -  
-  
 -  
 3  
 -  
Other 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Total 
 180,591  
 17,470,296  
 23,699,872  
 52,235,248  
 52,581,481  
 28,269,663  
 30,043,257  
 204,480,408  
6,770,653 
December 31, 2021 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts  
Forwards 
144,054 
10,713,211 
5,979,437 
13,395,350 
5,243,126 
1,000,440 
1,552,361 
38,027,979 
1,034,767 
Swaps 
96,000 
5,162,732 
8,650,121 
25,910,402 
38,548,209 
24,317,862 
28,523,771 
131,209,097 
4,151,098 
Call options 
- 
33,436 
21,302 
74,278 
522 
- 
- 
129,538 
6,294 
Put options 
- 
29,561 
18,235 
80,517 
- 
- 
- 
128,313 
126 
Futures 
- 
- 
93,337 
- 
- 
- 
- 
93,337 
182 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
240,054 
15,938,940 
14,762,432 
39,460,547 
43,791,857 
25,318,302 
30,076,132 
169,588,264 
5,192,467 
January 1, 2021 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 
years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts  
Forwards 
 47,375  
 8,333,219  
 13,531  
 7,876,117  
 5,123,804  
 478,035  
 -  
 21,872,082  
 527,822  
Swaps 
 -  
 42,707  
 -  
 836,497  
 5,217,541  
 1,777,455  
 958,782  
 8,832,983  
 3,887,843  
Call options 
 -  
 11,329  
 -  
 29,407  
 7,203  
 -  
-  
 47,939  
 664  
Put options 
 -  
 10,336  
 -  
 25,380  
 7,203  
 -  
-  
 42,918  
 3,846  
Futures 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Other 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Total 
 47,375  
 8,397,591  
 13,531  
 8,767,401  
 10,355,751  
 2,255,490  
 958,782  
 30,795,922  
4,420,175 
c)
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the composition of debt instruments is as follows:
December 31, 2022 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
Of the Government and Central Bank 
of Chile 
 4,970  
 6,844  
 51,768  
 159  
 21,787  
 188,636  
 21,135  
 295,299  
 290,249  
Other debt financial instruments 
issued locally 
 196,398  
 10,148  
 18,829  
 83,624  
 174,150  
 2,324  
 15,245  
 500,718  
 478,970  
Debt financial instruments issued 
abroad 
 -  
 882  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
 882  
 882  
Total 
 201,368  
 17,874  
 70,597  
 83,783  
 195,937  
 190,960  
 36,380  
 796,899  
 770,101  
December 31, 2021 
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
Of the Government and Central Bank 
of Chile 
5,259 
69,637 
10 
2,121 
47,207 
222,282 
30,477 
376,993 
376,863 
Other debt financial instruments 
issued locally 
15,541 
80,354 
4,817 
53,838 
55,734 
4,319 
15,756 
230,359 
336,377 
Debt financial instruments issued 
abroad 
864 
1,641 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
2,505 
3,818 
Total 
21,664 
151,632 
4,827 
55,959 
102,941 
226,601 
46,233 
609,857 
717,058 
F-303

--- Page 606 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 44 
 
 
  
January 1, 2021 
  
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
  
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Of the Government and Central Bank 
of Chile 
 2,387  
 112,459  
 10,685  
 36,433  
 497,326  
 28,989  
 -  
 688,279  
 756,248  
Other debt financial instruments 
issued locally 
 13  
 135,407  
 13,241  
 95,272  
 50,262  
 1,713  
 1,508  
 297,416  
 290,137  
Debt financial instruments issued 
abroad 
 2,777  
 1,059  
 127  
 85  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 4,047  
 3,463  
Total 
 5,177  
 248,925  
 24,053  
 131,790  
 547,588  
 30,702  
 1,508  
 989,742  
 1,049,848  
 
d) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the composition of other financial instruments is as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 2022 
  
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
  
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investments in mutual funds 
 20,362  
 57,340  
 -  
 1,130  
 -  
 -  
 31,040  
 109,872  
 109,716  
Equity instruments 
 27,688  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 3,195  
 30,883  
 30,145  
Loans originated and acquired by the 
entity 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
 48,050  
 57,340  
 -  
 1,130  
 -  
 -  
 34,235  
 140,755  
 139,861  
 
  
December 31, 2021 
  
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
  
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investments in mutual funds 
43,591 
83,530 
- 
2,499 
- 
- 
30,267 
159,887 
145,847 
Equity instruments 
24,786 
4,567 
200 
- 
- 
- 
- 
29,553 
10,963 
Loans originated and acquired by the 
entity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
68,377 
88,097 
200 
2,499 
- 
- 
30,267 
189,440 
156,810 
 
  
January 1, 2021 
  
Notional Amount 
Fair Value 
  
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 months up 
to 1 year 
More than 1 up to 3 
years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
Assets 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investments in mutual funds 
32,555 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
22,356 
54,912 
97,431 
Equity instruments 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Loans originated and acquired by the 
entity 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
32,555 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
22,356 
54,912 
97,431 
 
NOTE 9 – FINANCIAL ASSETS NOT HELD FOR TRADING MANDATORILY MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the composition of non-trading financial assets mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit or loss is as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
  
2022 
2021 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial debt instruments 
  
  
  
Government and Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
Other debt financial instruments issued in Chile 
- 
- 
- 
Debt financial instruments issued abroad 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal debt financial instruments 
- 
- 
- 
  
  
  
  
Loans originated and acquired by the entity 
                              71,282  
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal other financial instruments 
 71,282 
                            -  
                            -  
  
  
  
Total 
 71,282 
                            -  
                            -  
 
 
NOTE 10 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the Bank has no financial assets and liabilities at fair value through 
profit or loss. 
 
 
 
 
 
F-304

--- Page 607 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 45 
 
NOTE 11 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the detail of financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income is as follows: 
 
 
b) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 the movement in financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income is as follows: 
 
  
Changes in fair value 
Expected credit loss 
  
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total stages 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total stages 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
 10,796,000  
 17,647  
 -  
 10,813,647  
 30,688  
 3,770  
 -  
 34,458  
Purchases made in the period 
4,557,693  
 -  
 -  
4,557,693 
6  
 -  
 -  
6  
Transfers to stage 1 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 2 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 3 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Assets derecognized or matured 
 (4,772,759) 
 (13,393) 
 -  
 (4,786,152) 
 (6,448)  
 (2,926) 
 -  
 (9,374) 
Changes due to modifications not derecognized 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Exchange rate adjustments 
 (107,720)  
 (107)  
 -  
 (107,827)  
 (133)  
 (23)  
 -  
(156)  
Final balance as of December 31, 2022 
 10,473,214  
 4,147  
 -  
 10,477,361  
 24,113  
 821  
 -  
 24,934  
 
  
Changes in fair value 
Expected credit loss 
  
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total stages 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total stages 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2021 
7,674,142 
14,310 
- 
7,688,452 
22,462 
2,696 
- 
25,158 
Purchases made in the period 
7,289,671 
17,647 
- 
7,307,318 
22,636 
3,770 
- 
26,406 
Transfers to stage 1 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Transfers to stage 2 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Transfers to stage 3 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Assets derecognized or matured 
(4,939,397) 
(6,184) 
- 
(4,945,581) 
(7,796) 
(879) 
- 
(8,675) 
Changes due to modifications not derecognized 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Exchange rate adjustments 
771,584 
(8,126) 
- 
763,458 
(6,614) 
(1,817) 
- 
(8,431) 
Final balance as of December 31, 2021 
10,796,000 
17,647 
- 
10,813,647 
30,688 
3,770 
- 
34,458 
 
c) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the detail of the present value, fair value, unrealized gains and 
losses, corresponding financial instruments is as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 2022 
  
Present value 
Market value 
Unrealized gain 
Unrealized loss 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments: 
  
  
  
  
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
 5,029,641  
 4,876,148  
 8,035  
 161,527  
Other debt financial instruments issued locally 
 1,550,857  
 1,501,544  
 2,012  
 51,325  
Debt financial instruments issued abroad 
 4,804,003  
 4,099,669  
 582  
 704,916  
Subtotal 
 11,384,501  
 10,477,361  
 10,629  
 917,768  
  
Other financial instruments: 
Loans originated and acquired by the entity 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
  
Total 
 11,384,501  
 10,477,361  
 10,629  
 917,768  
 
  
December 31, 2021 
  
Present value 
Market value 
Unrealized gain 
Unrealized loss 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments: 
  
  
  
  
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
5,148,497 
4,982,811 
2,020 
167,707 
Other debt financial instruments issued locally 
1,315,043 
1,278,358 
1,465 
38,150 
Debt financial instruments issued abroad 
5,001,886 
4,552,478 
25,959 
84,421 
Subtotal 
11,465,426 
10,813,647 
29,444 
290,278 
  
Other financial instruments: 
Loans originated and acquired by the entity 
                                -  
                               -  
                                    -  
                                     -  
Other 
                            -  
                                   -  
                                  -  
                                    -  
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
Total 
11,465,426 
10,813,647 
29,444 
290,278 
 
  
January 1, 2021 
  
Present value 
Market value 
Unrealized gain 
Unrealized loss 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments: 
  
  
  
  
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
 3,416,080  
 3,424,730  
 12,527  
 3,878  
Other debt financial instruments issued locally 
 910,254  
 922,639  
 12,548  
 162  
Debt financial instruments issued abroad 
 3,273,554  
 3,344,500  
 76,842  
 5,896  
Subtotal 
 7,599,888  
 7,691,869  
 101,917  
 9,936  
  
Other financial instruments: 
Loans originated and acquired by the entity 
                                -  
                               -  
                                    -  
                                     -  
Other 
                            -  
                                   -  
                                  -  
                                    -  
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
Total 
 7,599,888  
7,691,869 
 101,917  
 9,936  
 
 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
  
2022 
2021 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments 
  
  
  
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
 4,876,148  
4,982,811 
3,424,730 
Other debt financial instruments issued locally 
 1,501,544  
1,278,359 
922,639 
Debt financial instruments issued abroad 
 4,099,669  
4,552,477 
3,344,500 
Subtotal debt financial instruments 
 10,477,361  
10,813,647 
7,691,869 
  
  
Loans originated and acquired by the entity 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal other financial instruments 
- 
- 
- 
  
  
Total 
 10,477,361  
10,813,647 
7,691,869 
F-305

--- Page 608 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 46 
 
NOTE 12 – FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES CONTRACT FOR ACCOUNTING HEDGE 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the detail of the portfolio of financial derivative contracts for 
accounting hedge is as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 2022 
  
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
  
On-
demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up 
to 3 months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up to 
3 years 
More than 3 up to 
5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
Assets 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fair value hedging derivatives: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Forwards 
- 
- 
                      -  
                       -  
                          -  
                         -  
- 
- 
- 
Swaps 
- 
- 
 436,838  
 920,149  
 2,230,098  
 1,546,913  
 1,429,932  
 6,563,930  
 462,148  
Call options 
- 
- 
                      -  
                       -  
                          -  
                         -  
- 
- 
- 
Put options 
- 
- 
                      -  
                       -  
                          -  
                         -  
- 
- 
- 
Futures 
- 
- 
                      -  
                       -  
                          -  
                         -  
- 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
                      -  
                       -  
                          -  
                         -  
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
 436,838  
 920,149  
 2,230,098  
 1,546,913  
 1,429,932  
 6,563,930  
 462,148  
  
Cash flow hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
 -  
 -  
 35,111  
 245,777  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 280,888  
 14,684  
Swaps 
 -  
 131,441  
 314,837  
 971,526  
 2,600,652  
 2,031,387  
 2,581,070  
 8,630,913  
 1,312,019  
Call options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 131,441  
 349,948  
 1,217,303  
 2,600,652  
 2,031,387  
 2,581,070  
 8,911,801  
 1,326,703  
  
Hedging derivatives abroad 
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
  
Total 
-  
 131,441  
 786,786  
 2,137,452  
 4,830,750  
 3,578,300  
 4,011,002  
 15,475,731  
 1,788,851  
 
  
December 31, 2022 
  
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
  
On-
demand 
Up to 1 
month 
More than 1 
up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up to 
3 years 
More than 3 up to 
5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
Liabilities 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fair value hedging derivatives: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Forwards 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Swaps 
 -  
 -  
 436,838  
 835,549  
 2,165,021  
 1,421,602  
 1,394,140  
 6,253,150  
 345,873  
Call options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 436,838  
 835,549  
 2,165,021  
 1,421,602  
 1,394,140  
 6,253,150  
 345,873  
  
Cash flow hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
 -  
 -  
 31,292  
 228,226  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 259,518  
 43,365  
Swaps 
 -  
 150,411  
 331,240  
 1,232,501  
 3,050,767  
 2,126,869  
 2,988,529  
 9,880,317  
 2,201,230  
Call options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 150,411  
 362,532  
 1,460,727  
 3,050,767  
 2,126,869  
 2,988,529  
 10,139,835  
 2,244,595  
  
Hedging derivative abroad 
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
Total 
        -  
 150,411  
 799,370  
 2,296,276  
 5,215,788  
 3,548,471  
 4,382,669  
 16,392,985  
 2,590,468  
 
 
 
  
December 31, 2021 
  
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
  
On-
demand 
Up to 1 
month 
More than 1 up 
to 3 months 
More than 3 months 
up to 1 year 
More than 1 
up to 3 years 
More than 3 up 
to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
Assets 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fair value hedging derivatives: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Forwards 
                -  
   -  
                -  
                -  
                   -  
                         -  
                -  
                  -  
- 
Swaps 
                -  
-  
                -  
   854,088  
1,823,551  
           914,095  
      1,371,655  
4,963,389  
312,371 
Call options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Put options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
   854,088  
1,823,551  
           914,095  
     1,371,655  
 4,963,389  
312,371 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cash flow hedging derivatives: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Forwards 
- 
- 
        77,479  
       743,237  
247,934  
- 
- 
  1,068,650  
47,330 
Swaps 
- 
- 
23,482  
788,058  
2,601,408  
2,119,909  
2,626,641  
  8,159,498  
1,229,357 
Call options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Put options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
 -  
 -  
 100,961  
 1,531,295  
 2,849,342  
 2,119,909  
 2,626,641  
 9,228,148  
1,276,687 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Hedging derivative abroad 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total 
- 
- 
 100,961  
 2,385,383  
 4,672,893  
 3,034,004  
 3,998,296  
 14,191,537  
 1,589,058  
 
F-306

--- Page 609 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 47 
December 31, 2021 
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
On-
demand 
Up to 1 
month 
More than 1 up 
to 3 months 
More than 3 months 
up to 1 year 
More than 1 
up to 3 years 
More than 3 up 
to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
Liabilities 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fair value hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
      -  
-  
      -  
-  
  -  
-  
      -  
-  
       -  
Swaps 
      -  
-  
      -  
784,015 
1,785,857 
847,854 
1,343,469 
4,761,195 
          119,363  
Call options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
    -  
Put options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
      -  
Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
      -  
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
      -  
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
784,015 
1,785,857 
847,854 
1,343,469 
4,761,195 
119,363 
Cash flow hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
- 
- 
74,885 
733,472 
259,518 
- 
- 
1,067,875 
          38,920  
Swaps 
- 
- 
30,992 
825,590 
2,787,416 
2,599,611 
2,675,487 
8,919,096 
    1,334,532  
Call options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
     -  
Put options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
     -  
Futures 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
     -  
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
      -  
Subtotal 
- 
- 
105,877 
1,559,062 
3,046,934 
2,599,611 
2,675,487 
9,986,971 
1,373,452 
Hedging derivative abroad 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
     -  
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
      -  
Total 
- 
- 
105,877 
2,343,077 
4,832,791 
3,447,465 
4,018,956 
14,748,166 
1,492,815 
January 1, 2021 
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
On-
demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up 
to 3 months 
More than 3 months 
up to 1 year 
More than 1 
up to 3 years 
More than 3 up 
to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
Assets 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fair value hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Swaps 
 -  
-  
 436,838  
 920,149  
 2,230,098  
 1,546,913  
 1,429,932  
 6,563,930  
 204,326  
Call options 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Other 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
-  
 436,838  
 920,149  
 2,230,098  
 1,546,913  
 1,429,932  
 6,563,930  
 204,326  
Cash flow hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
 -  
-  
 35,111  
 245,777  
 -  
-  
 -  
 280,888  
 3,573  
Swaps 
 -  
 131,441  
 314,837  
 971,526  
 2,600,652  
 2,084,200  
 2,581,070  
 8,683,726  
 823,823  
Call options 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Other 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 131,441  
 349,948  
 1,217,303  
 2,600,652  
 2,084,200  
 2,581,070  
 8,964,614  
 827,396  
Hedging derivative abroad 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
 -  
 131,441  
 786,786  
 2,137,452  
 4,830,750  
 3,631,113  
 4,011,002  
 15,528,544  
1,031,722 
January 1, 2021 
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
On-
demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up 
to 3 months 
More than 3 months 
up to 1 year 
More than 1 
up to 3 years 
More than 3 up 
to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
Liabilities 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fair value hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
 -  
-  
 436,838  
 835,549  
 2,165,021  
 1,421,602  
 1,394,140  
 6,253,150  
70,358 
Swaps 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
-  
Call options 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Other 
 -  
-  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
-  
 436,838  
 835,549  
 2,165,021  
 1,421,602  
 1,394,140  
 6,253,150  
 70,358  
Cash flow hedging derivatives: 
Forwards 
 -  
-  
 31,292  
 228,226  
 -  
-  
 -  
 259,518  
 4,106  
Swaps 
 -  
 150,411  
 331,240  
 1,180,000  
 2,972,016  
 2,182,110  
 2,922,903  
 9,738,680  
 1,188,165  
Call options 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Put options 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Futures 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Other 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 150,411  
 362,532  
 1,408,226  
 2,972,016  
 2,182,110  
 2,922,903  
 9,998,198  
 1,192,271  
Hedging derivative abroad 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
     -  
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
      -  
Total 
 -  
150,411 
 799,370 
 2,243,775  
5,137,037  
 3,603,712 
 4,317,043  
16,251,348  
1,262,629 
F-307

--- Page 610 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 48 
b) Types of derivatives
The Bank uses accounting hedges to manage the fair value and cash flow risk to which it is exposed. 
i) Fair value hedges:
Fair value hedges for both foreign currency and local currency positions cover the fair value of the position against changes in the base rate, without 
considering the implicit credit spread. These operations reduce the risk of changes associated with fluctuations in their fair value as a result of changes 
in interest rate structures, among others. 
Considering the different items in the balance sheet as derivatives that comply with the function of hedging such risks, either by Cash Flow or Fair 
Value Hedges, the objective of these tables is to show the management of risk hedges in P&L, as their presented values exclude adjustments and 
interest accrual. 
A detailed summary of the hedging items and instruments used in value hedges as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 in notional amounts is 
presented below: 
December 31, 2022 
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
Fair Value 
On-
demand 
Up to 1 
month 
More than 1 
up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 
1 year 
More than 1 
up to 3 years 
More than 3 
up to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
Assets 
Liabilities 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item: 
Sensitivity 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
 395,666  
 166,742  
 562,408  
 691  
 20,267  
Items set / loans 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Of the Government and Central Bank of 
Chile 
 -  
-  
25,000  
-  
-  
 -  
442,385 
 467,385  
 3,319  
 54,645  
Other instruments issued locally 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Instruments issued abroad 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 40,380  
 60,030  
 253,404  
 353,814  
 -  
 49,445  
Consumer 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Mortgage 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Commercial 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Items set / liabilities 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
1,156,838 
 -  
-  
 1,156,838  
 78,617  
 -  
Term deposit 
 -  
-  
 411,838  
 343,484  
 118,467  
 -  
-  
 873,789  
 6,288  
 2,486  
Current bonds 
 -  
-  
 -  
 576,665  
 920,973  
 1,102,129  
 729,590  
 3,329,357  
 177,121  
 7,731  
Subordinated bonds 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Mortgage bonds 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Foreign investment 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Subtotal 
 -  
-  
 436,838  
 920,149  
 2,236,658  
 1,557,825  
 1,592,121  
 6,743,591  
 266,036  
 134,574  
Hedging instrument: 
Forwards 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
CCS 
 -  
-  
 -  
 569,149  
 879,658  
 984,648  
 631,053  
 3,064,508  
 19,730  
 120,079  
IRS 
 -  
-  
 436,838  
 351,000  
 1,357,000  
 573,177  
 961,068  
 3,679,083  
 122,280  
 145,200  
Options 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Bonds 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Subtotal 
 -  
-  
 436,838  
 920,149  
 2,236,658  
 1,557,825  
 1,592,121  
 6,743,591  
 142,010  
 265,279  
F-308

--- Page 611 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 49 
 
 
  
December 31, 2021 
  
  
Notional amounts 
Fair Value 
Fair Value 
  
On-
demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 
1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 
1 year 
More than 1 
up to 3 years 
More than 3 
up to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
Assets 
Liabilities 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Sensitivity 
                -  
                        -  
- 
-  
-  
247,934  
99,174  
347,108  
822  
       6,756  
Items set / loans 
                -  
                        -  
               -  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Of the Government and Central Bank of 
Chile 
                -  
                        -  
  
50,000  
105,000  
-  
443,135  
     598,135  
-  
     81,730  
Other instruments issued locally 
                -  
                        -  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Instruments issued abroad 
                -  
                        -  
-  
-  
5,126  
54,436  
201,396  
    260,958  
1,640  
      2,352  
Consumer 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Mortgage 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Commercial 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Items set / liabilities 
                -  
                        -  
  
42,720  
1,144,100  
-  
-  
1,186,820  
52,647  
           161  
Term deposit 
                -  
                        -  
-  
165,500  
-  
-  
-  
165,500  
3,473  
                  -  
Current bonds 
                -  
                        -  
- 
595,868  
569,324  
630,249  
630,842  
2,426,283  
43,611  
          18,512  
Subordinated bonds 
                -  
                        -  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Mortgage bonds 
                -  
                        -  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign investment 
                -  
                        -  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
                -  
                        -  
-  
854,088  
1,823,550  
932,619  
1,374,547  
4,984,804  
102,193  
109,511  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Hedging instrument: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
CCS 
                -  
                        -  
- 
538,588  
519,324  
682,976  
307,024  
2,047,912  
18,625  
   40,794  
IRS 
                -  
                        -  
- 
315,500  
1,304,226  
249,643  
1,067,523  
2,936,892  
90,982  
       60,816  
Options 
                -  
                        -  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Bonds 
                -  
                        -  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
                -  
                        -  
- 
854,088  
1,823,550  
932,619  
1,374,547  
4,984,804  
109,607  
     101,610  
 
c) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the estimation of the periods in which the cash flows by type of risk are expected to occur are as follows: 
 
i) Cash flow projections for interest rate risk: 
 
  
December 31, 2022 
Cash flow projections for 
interest rate risk 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 3 
months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up to 
3 years 
More than 3 up to 
5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cash inflow 
- 
 32,867  
 102,860  
 33,690  
 237,916  
 89,650  
 177,565  
 674,548  
Cash outflow 
- 
 (27,947) 
 (87,543) 
 (10,382) 
 (212,732) 
 (71,366) 
 (155,586) 
 (565,556) 
Net cash flows 
- 
 4,920 
 15,317 
 23,308 
 25,184 
 18,284 
21,979 
 108,992 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Hedging instruments  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cash inflow 
 -  
 27,947  
 87,543  
 10,382  
 212,732  
 71,366  
 155,586  
 565,556  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (32,867) 
 (102,860) 
 (33,690) 
 (237,916) 
 (89,650) 
 (177,565) 
 (674,548) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 (4,920) 
 (15,317) 
 (23,308) 
 (25,184) 
 (18,284) 
 (21,979) 
 (108,992) 
 
  
December 31, 2021 
Cash flow projections for interest rate 
risk 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up 
to 3 months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up to 
3 years 
More than 3 up to 
5 years 
More than 5 years 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cash inflow 
 -  
 1,152  
 5,149  
 16,315  
 311,028  
 663,320  
 479,352  
 1,476,316  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (1,790) 
 (5,086) 
 (11,357) 
 (292,953) 
 (653,864) 
 (453,006) 
 (1,418,056) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 (638) 
 63  
 4,958  
 18,075  
 9,456  
 26,346  
 58,260  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Hedging instruments  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cash inflow 
 -  
 1,790  
 5,086  
 11,357  
 292,953  
 653,864  
 453,006  
 1,418,056  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (1,152) 
 (5,149) 
 (16,315) 
 (311,028) 
 (663,320) 
 (479,352) 
 (1,476,316) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 638  
 (63) 
 (4,958) 
 (18,075) 
 (9,456) 
 (26,346) 
 (58,260) 
 
ii) Cash flow projection for inflation risk: 
 
  
December 31, 2022 
Cash flow projection for inflation risk 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 
3 months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up to 
3 years 
More than 3 up to 
5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cash inflow 
 -  
 64,999  
 (150,310) 
 1,345,828  
 2,079,239  
 1,393,146  
 2,358,432  
 7,091,334  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (83,197) 
 88,512  
 (1,360,180) 
 (2,013,063) 
 (1,486,558) 
 (2,195,749) 
 (7,050,235) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 (18,198) 
 (61,798) 
 (14,352) 
 66,176  
 (93,412) 
 162,683  
 41,099  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Hedging instruments  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cash inflow 
 -  
 83,197  
 (88,512) 
 1,360,180  
 2,013,063  
 1,486,558  
 2,195,749  
 7,050,235  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (64,999) 
 150,310  
 (1,345,828) 
 (2,079,239) 
 (1,393,146) 
 (2,358,432) 
 (7,091,334) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 18,198  
 61,798  
 14,352  
 (66,176) 
 93,412  
 (162,683) 
 (41,099) 
 
 
 
F-309

--- Page 612 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 50 
December 31, 2021 
Cash flow projection for 
inflation risk 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 
3 months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up 
to 3 years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
Cash inflow 
- 
66,048 
109,717 
780,522 
2,378,918 
1,791,213 
1,960,848 
7,087,266 
Cash outflow 
- 
(75,453) 
(135,932) 
(862,610) 
(2,568,788) 
(1,904,677) 
(2,090,130) 
(7,637,590) 
Net cash flows 
- 
(9,405) 
(26,215) 
(82,088) 
(189,870) 
(113,464) 
(129,282) 
(550,324) 
Hedging instruments 
Cash inflow 
- 
75,453 
135,932 
862,610 
2,568,788 
1,904,677 
2,090,130 
7,637,590 
Cash outflow 
- 
(66,048) 
(109,717) 
(780,522) 
(2,378,918) 
(1,791,213) 
(1,960,848) 
(7,087,266) 
Net cash flows 
- 
9,405 
26,215 
82,088 
189,870 
113,464 
129,282 
550,324 
iii) Cash flow projections for exchange rate risk:
December 31, 2022 
Cash flow projections for 
exchange rate risk 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 
3 months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up 
to 3 years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
Hedged item 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 1,702  
 112,577  
 83,099  
 442,884  
 780,459  
 332,830  
 1,753,551  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (794) 
 (132,189) 
 (36,992) 
 (401,345) 
 (747,909) 
 (343,000) 
 (1,662,229) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 908  
 (19,612) 
 46,107  
 41,539  
 32,550  
 (10,170) 
 91,322  
Hedging instruments 
Cash inflow 
 -  
 794  
 132,189  
 36,992  
 401,345  
 747,909  
 343,000  
 1,662,229  
Cash outflow 
 -  
 (1,702) 
 (112,577) 
 (83,099) 
 (442,884) 
 (780,459) 
 (332,830) 
 (1,753,551) 
Net cash flows 
 -  
 (908) 
 19,612  
 (46,107) 
 (41,539) 
 (32,550) 
 10,170  
 (91,322) 
December 31, 2021 
Cash flow projections for 
exchange rate risk 
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 
3 months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up 
to 3 years 
More than 3 up to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
Cash inflow 
     -  
684 
2,757 
751,945 
416,721 
258,220 
706,305 
2,136,632 
Cash outflow 
     -  
(929) 
(4,228) 
(775,796) 
(464,168) 
(238,233) 
(759,681) 
(2,243,035) 
Net cash flows 
     -  
(245) 
(1,471) 
(23,851) 
(47,447) 
19,987 
(53,376) 
(106,403) 
Hedging instruments 
Cash inflow 
     -  
929 
4,228 
775,796 
464,168 
238,233 
759,681 
2,243,035 
Cash outflow 
     -  
(684) 
(2,757) 
(751,945) 
(416,721) 
(258,220) 
(706,305) 
(2,136,632) 
Net cash flows 
     -  
245 
1,471 
23,851 
47,447 
(19,987) 
53,376 
106,403 
d) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the valuation generated by those hedging instruments used in cash flow hedges whose effect was recognized
in the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, specifically in the caption "Accumulated other comprehensive income", in cash flow hedges, is
as follows:
December 31 
December 31 
2022 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
Sensitivity 
 -  
-  
Items set / loans 
156,595 
      49,220  
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
70,770 
       76,658  
Other instruments issued locally 
 -  
-  
Instruments issued abroad 
 -  
-  
Consumer 
 -  
-  
Mortgage 
 -  
-  
Commercial 
(166) 
   (44)  
Items set / liabilities 
(63,422) 
  885  
Term deposit 
 -  
-  
Current bonds 
(21,955) 
       49,220  
Subordinated bonds 
 -  
-  
Mortgage bonds 
 -  
-  
Foreign investment 
 -  
-  
Dismantling 
(914) 
1,097 
Deferred tax 
(38,045) 
(47,800) 
Total 
102,863 
    129,236  
F-310

--- Page 613 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 51 
e) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, profit or loss generated by those cash flow derivatives whose effect was transferred from other comprehensive
income to profit or loss for the period is as follows:
December 31 
December 31 
2022 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Hedged item 
Sensitivity 
 -  
-  
Items set / loans 
 (929,428) 
(408,439) 
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
 (82,667) 
(35,939) 
Other instruments issued locally 
 -  
-  
Instruments issued abroad 
 -  
-  
Consumer 
 -  
-  
Mortgage 
 -  
-  
Commercial 
 (110) 
98 
Items set / liabilities 
 8,097  
17,945 
Term deposit 
 -  
-  
Current bonds 
9,603 
169,072 
Subordinated bonds 
 -  
-  
Mortgage bonds 
 -  
-  
Foreign investment 
 -  
-  
Total 
(994,505) 
(257,263) 
F-311

--- Page 614 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 52 
 
NOTE 13 – FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTIZED COST 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the detail of financial assets at amortized cost is as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
  
2022 
2021 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Rights for reverse repurchase agreements and securities lending 
182,061 
186,753 
190,248 
Debt financial instruments 
3,581,998 
2,296,066 
25,145 
Loans and advances to banks 
767,700 
639,533 
356,669 
Loans and receivables from customers - Commercial 
29,276,944 
26,686,186 
23,005,506 
Loans and receivables from customers - Mortgage 
12,809,381 
10,699,056 
8,897,472 
Loans and receivables from customers - Consumer 
3,212,807 
3,223,137 
3,114,093 
Total 
49,830,891 
43,730,731 
35,589,133 
 
b) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the movement in debt financial instruments at amortized cost is as follows:  
 
  
  
  
Changes in fair value 
Expected credit loss 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total Stage 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total Stage 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
 2,277,937  
-  
 -  
 2,277,937  
1,290  
 -  
 -  
1,290  
Purchases made during the year 
2,616,827  
 -  
 -  
2,616,827  
9,707  
 -  
 -  
9,707  
Transfers to stage 1 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 2 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 3  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Assets derecognized or expired 
 (1,305,162) 
 - 
 -  
 (1,305,162) 
 686  
 - 
 -  
 686  
Changes due to modifications not derecognized 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Exchange rate adjustments 
 (7,604)  
 -  
 -  
 (7,604)  
 (8)  
-  
 -  
 (8)  
Final balance as of December 31, 2022 
 3,581,998  
 -  
 -  
 3,581,998  
 11,675  
 -  
 -  
 11,675  
 
 
  
  
  
Changes in fair value 
Expected credit loss 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total Stage 
Stage 1 
Stage 2 
Stage 3 
Total Stage 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2021 
 25,184  
-  
 -  
 25,184  
 330  
-  
 -  
 330  
Purchases made during the year 
2,247,770  
 -  
 -  
2,247,770  
1,145  
 -  
 -  
1,145  
Transfers to stage 1 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 2 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transfers to stage 3  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Assets derecognized or expired 
5,002 
 - 
 -  
5,002 
 (3)  
 - 
 -  
 (3)  
Changes due to modifications not derecognized 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Exchange rate adjustments 
 18,110  
 -  
 -  
 18,110  
 (182)  
 -  
 -  
 (182)  
Final balance as of December 31, 2021 
 2,296,066  
 -  
 -  
 2,296,066  
 1,290  
-  
 -  
 1,290  
 
c) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the rights under repurchase agreements and securities loans 
are as follows: 
 
  
Maturity of the commitment as of December 31, 2022 
  
On-demand 
Up to 1 month 
More than 1 up to 
3 months 
More than 3 
months up to 1 
year 
More than 1 up 
to 3 years 
More than 3 up 
to 5 years 
More than 5 
years 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Transactions with local banks 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Reverse repurchases agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Reverse repurchases agreements with the Central Bank of 
Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transactions with foreign banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reverse repurchases agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Reverse repurchases agreements with the Central Bank of 
Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
                 -  
                        -  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
              -  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transactions with other local entities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Reverse repurchases agreements with local entities 
- 
 142,319  
 21,264  
 18,478  
                      -  
                      -  
                      -  
182,061 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
 142,319  
 21,264  
 18,478  
                     -  
                     -  
                     -  
182,061 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transactions with other foreign entities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transactions with other foreign entities 
                 -  
                        -  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
              -  
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Accumulated impairment on rights of reverse repurchases 
agreements 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total 
 - 
 142,319  
 21,264  
 18,478  
                     -  
                     -  
                     -  
182,061 
 
 
 
F-312

--- Page 615 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 53 
Maturity of the commitment to December 31, 2021 
On-demand 
Up to a month 
More than one month 
and three months 
More than three 
months up to one 
year 
Between 1 year 
and 3 years 
More than 3 years 
up to 5 years 
More than five 
years 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Operations with banks in the country 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Repurchase agreements with the Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Transactions with foreign banks 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Repurchase agreements with foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
       -  
-  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
Operations with other entities in the country 
Repurchase contract with other entities in the country 
       36,817  
          78,626  
44,290  
27,020  
-  
-  
          -  
186,753  
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
      36,817  
   78,626  
44,290  
27,020  
-  
-  
   -  
 186,753  
Transactions with other entities abroad 
Transactions with other entities abroad 
       -  
-  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Accumulated impairment in rights for repurchase 
agreements 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
      36,817  
   78,626  
44,290  
27,020  
-  
-  
   -  
 186,753  
Maturity of the commitment to January 1, 2021 
On-demand 
Up to a month 
More than one month 
and three months 
More than three 
months up to one 
year 
Between 1 year 
and 3 years 
More than 3 years 
up to 5 years 
More than five 
years 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Operations with banks in the country 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Repurchase agreements with the Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Transactions with foreign banks 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Repurchase agreements with foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
       -  
-  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
Operations with other entities in the country 
Repurchase contract with other entities in the country 
- 
39,399 
81,459 
69,391 
-  
-  
          -  
190,248 
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
     -  
39,399 
81,459 
69,391 
-  
-  
   -  
190,248 
Transactions with other entities abroad 
Transactions with other entities abroad 
       -  
-  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
Securities lending rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Accumulated impairment in rights for repurchase 
agreements 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
      -  
39,399 
81,459 
69,391 
-  
-  
   -  
190,248 
d)
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the detail of debt financial instruments is as follows:
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
2022 
2021 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Debt financial instruments: 
Of the Government and Central Bank of Chile 
 1,145,241  
1,024,195  
- 
Other debt financial instruments issued locally 
 43,345  
-  
- 
Debt financial instruments issued abroad 
 2,405,089  
1,271,871  
25,145 
Debt financial instruments 
 (11,677) 
-  
- 
Total 
 3,581,998  
2,296,066 
25,145 
F-313

--- Page 616 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 54 
 
e) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 , the detail of loans and advances to banks is as follows: 
 
December 31, 2022 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
Net Financial 
Asset 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
Total 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Interbank liquidity loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Interbank commercial loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Overdrafts in checking accounts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans - Chilean exports 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans - Chilean imports 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans between third-party countries 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Non-transferable deposits in local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign banks 
 768,663  
 -  
 -  
 768,663  
 (963) 
 -  
 -  
 (963) 
 767,700  
Interbank liquidity loans 
 304,484  
 -  
 -  
 304,484  
 (367) 
 -  
 -  
 (367) 
 304,117  
Interbank commercial loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Overdrafts in checking accounts 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign trade loans - Chilean exports 
 67,264  
 -  
 -  
 67,264  
 (102) 
 -  
 -  
 (102) 
 67,162  
Foreign trade loans - Chilean imports 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign trade loans between third-party countries 
 396,915  
 -  
 -  
 396,915  
 (494) 
 -  
 -  
 (494) 
 396,421  
Deposits in current accounts in foreign banks for derivative 
transactions 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other non-transferable deposits in foreign banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other credit balances with foreign banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal local and foreign banks 
 768,663  
 -  
 -  
 768,663  
 (963) 
 -  
 -  
 (963) 
 767,700  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Deposits in current account of the Central Bank of Chile for derivative 
transactions with a central counterparty 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
             -  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
           -  
  
-  
Other deposits in the Central Bank of Chile, not available 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with the Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Deposits in current accounts of foreign Central Banks for derivative 
transactions 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
             -  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
           -  
  
-  
Other deposits in foreign Central Banks, not available 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal Central Bank of Chile and Foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
TOTAL 
 768,663  
 -  
 -  
 768,663  
 (963) 
 -  
 -  
 (963) 
 767,700  
 
December 31, 2021 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
Net Financial 
Asset 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
Total 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Interbank liquidity loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Interbank commercial loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Overdrafts in checking accounts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans - Chilean exports 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans - Chilean imports 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign trade loans between third-party countries 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Non-transferable deposits in local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with local banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign banks 
640,332 
- 
- 
640,332 
(799) 
- 
- 
(799) 
639,533 
Interbank liquidity loans 
521,153 
 
 
521,153 
(657) 
 
 
(657) 
520,496 
Interbank commercial loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
           -  
- 
Overdrafts in checking accounts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
           -  
- 
Foreign trade loans - Chilean exports 
43,629 
- 
- 
43,629 
(48) 
 
 
(48) 
43,581 
Foreign trade loans - Chilean imports 
-  
- 
- 
-  
-  
- 
- 
           -  
-  
Foreign trade loans between third-party countries 
75,550 
- 
- 
75,550 
(94) 
- 
- 
(94) 
75,456 
Deposits in current accounts in foreign banks for derivative 
transactions 
-  
- 
- 
-  
-  
- 
- 
           -  
-  
Other non-transferable deposits in foreign banks 
-  
- 
- 
-  
-  
- 
- 
           -  
-  
Other credit balances with foreign banks 
-  
- 
- 
-  
-  
- 
- 
           -  
-  
Subtotal local and foreign banks 
640,332 
-  
-  
640,332 
(799) 
-  
-  
(799) 
639,533 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Deposits in current account of the Central Bank of Chile for derivative 
transactions with a central counterparty 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
             -  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
           -  
  
-  
Other deposits in the Central Bank of Chile, not available 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with the Central Bank of Chile 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Deposits in current accounts of foreign Central Banks for derivative 
transactions 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
             -  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
           -  
  
-  
Other deposits in foreign Central Banks, not available 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other credit balances with foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal Central Bank of Chile and Foreign Central Banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
TOTAL 
640,332 
- 
- 
640,332 
(799) 
- 
- 
(799) 
639,533 
 
 
 
 
 
F-314

--- Page 617 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 55 
f)
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the balances of loans and receivables from customers are as follows:
December 31, 2022 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
Net financial 
assets 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19 
guarantee 
deductible 
(i) 
Total 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
Individual / group 
Individual 
Individual / group 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
Commercial loans 
 19,951,776  
 3,510,630  
 1,204,043  
 505,503  
 295,806  
 25,467,758  
 (103,881) 
 (32,537) 
 (24,571) 
 (106,151) 
 (87,099) 
(354,239) 
 (36,659) 
(390,898) 
25,076,860  
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
 595,146  
 7,962  
 22,896  
 8,014  
 -  
 634,018  
 (5,944) 
 (178) 
 (549) 
 (3,168) 
 -  
 (9,839) 
 -  
 (9,839) 
 624,179  
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
 400,324  
 24,546  
 11,610  
 -  
-  
 436,480  
 (4,106) 
 (602) 
 (2,293) 
 -  
-  
 (7,001) 
 -  
 (7,001) 
 429,479  
Foreign trade credits between third 
countries 
 185,475  
 -  
 11,505  
 -  
-  
 196,980  
 (723) 
 -  
 (2,261) 
 -  
-  
 (2,984) 
 -  
 (2,984) 
 193,996  
Debtors in current accounts 
 55,206  
 69,124  
 10,076  
 1,086  
 7,140  
 142,632  
 (502) 
 (1,843) 
 (1,084) 
 (586) 
 (3,862) 
 (7,877) 
 -  
 (7,877) 
 134,755  
Credit card debtors 
 6,079  
 53,459  
 930  
 418  
 5,300  
 66,186  
 (109) 
 (1,660) 
 (109) 
 (338) 
 (2,956) 
 (5,172) 
 -  
 (5,172) 
 61,014  
Factoring operations 
 1,188,937  
 79,242  
 10,015  
 3,204  
 2,205  
 1,283,603  
 (11,619) 
 (1,256) 
 (326) 
 (1,889) 
 (787) 
 (15,877) 
 -  
 (15,877) 
 1,267,726  
Commercial financial leasing 
operations 
 921,591  
 284,076  
 139,178  
 27,737  
 10,884  
 1,383,466  
 (5,555) 
 (2,737) 
 (1,535) 
 (6,476) 
 (4,014) 
 (20,317) 
 -  
 (20,317) 
 1,363,149  
Student loans 
 -  
 116,262  
 -  
-  
 11,468  
 127,730  
 -  
 (1,447) 
 -  
-  
 (2,137) 
 (3,584) 
 -  
 (3,584) 
 124,146  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 71  
 -  
 7,502  
 759  
 8,332  
 (1,188) 
 (9) 
 -  
 (5,181) 
 (314) 
 (6,692) 
 -  
 (6,692) 
 1,640  
Subtotal 
23,304,534  
 4,145,372  
 1,410,253  
 553,464  
 333,562  
 29,747,185  
 (133,627) 
 (42,269) 
 (32,728) 
 (123,789) 
 (101,169) 
(433,582) 
 (36,659) 
(470,241) 
29,276,944  
Mortgage loans 
Loans with letters of credit 
 -  
 1,278  
 -  
-  
 121  
 1,399  
 -  
 (2) 
 -  
-  
 (12) 
 (14) 
 -  
 (14) 
 1,385  
Loans with endorsable mortgage 
mutual funds 
 -  
 2,930,600  
 -  
-  
 21,244  
 2,951,844  
 -  
 (44,817) 
 -  
-  
 (32) 
 (44,849) 
 -  
 (44,849) 
 2,906,995  
Loans with mutual funds financed 
with mortgage bonds 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Other credits with mortgage loans 
 -  
 9,573,654  
 -  
-  
 267,400  
 9,841,054  
 -  
 (13,773) 
 -  
-  
 (23,862) 
 (37,635) 
 -  
 (37,635) 
 9,803,419  
Finance lease operations for 
Mortgage 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 93,176  
 -  
-  
 5,025  
 98,201  
 -  
 (216) 
 -  
-  
 (403) 
 (619) 
 -  
 (619) 
 97,582  
Subtotal 
 -  
12,598,708  
 -  
-  
 293,790  
 12,892,498  
 -  
 (58,808) 
 -  
-  
 (24,309) 
 (83,117) 
 -  
 (83,117) 
 12,809,381  
Consumer Loans 
Consumer loans in installments 
 -  
 1,757,905  
 -  
-  
 152,122  
 1,910,027  
 -  
 (63,222) 
 -  
-  
 (83,450) 
 (146,672) 
 -  
 (146,672) 
 1,763,355  
Debtors in current accounts 
 -  
 90,767  
 -  
-  
 14,404  
 105,171  
 -  
 (6,490) 
 -  
-  
 (10,617) 
 (17,107) 
 -  
 (17,107) 
 88,064  
Credit card debtors 
 -  
 1,366,870  
 -  
-  
 106,046  
 1,472,916  
 -  
 (85,226) 
 -  
-  
 (70,605) 
 (155,831) 
 -  
 (155,831) 
 1,317,085  
Consumer finance lease operations 
 -  
 309  
 -  
-  
 -  
 309  
 -  
 (4) 
 -  
-  
 -  
 (4) 
 -  
 (4) 
 305  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 47,930  
 -  
-  
 259  
 48,189  
 -  
 (4,015) 
 -  
-  
 (176) 
 (4,191) 
 -  
 (4,191) 
 43,998  
Subtotal 
 -  
 3,263,781  
 -  
-  
 272,831  
 3,536,612  
 -  
 (158,957) 
 -  
-  
 (164,848) 
(323,805) 
 -  
(323,805) 
 3,212,807  
TOTAL 
23,304,534  
20,007,861  
 1,410,253  
 553,464  
 900,183  
 46,176,295  
 (133,627) 
(260,034) 
 (32,728) 
 (123,789) 
 (290,326) 
(840,504) 
 (36,659) 
 (877,163) 
 45,299,132  
December 31, 2021 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
Net financial 
assets 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19 
guarantee 
deductible 
(i) 
Total 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
Individual / Group 
Individual 
Individual / Group 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
Commercial loans 
16,261,170 
4,376,655 
1,603,886 
402,257 
319,736 
22,963,704 
(97,716) 
(29,003) 
(39,041) 
(108,656) 
(95,555) 
(369,971) 
(46,192) 
(416,163) 
22,547,541 
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
608,813 
8,315 
18,479 
 -  
307 
635,914 
(9,311) 
(245) 
(292) 
 -  
(174) 
(10,022) 
 -  
(10,022) 
625,892 
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
336,615 
17,308 
11,377 
 -  
27 
365,327 
(4,476) 
(385) 
(1,702) 
 -  
(15) 
(6,578) 
 -  
(6,578) 
358,749 
Foreign trade credits between third 
countries 
232,519 
 -  
14,895 
 -  
-  
247,414 
(835) 
 -  
(2,744) 
 -  
-  
(3,579) 
 -  
(3,579) 
243,835 
Debtors in current accounts 
46,722 
52,927 
4,709 
1,016 
7,208 
112,582 
(579) 
(1,407) 
(567) 
(666) 
(3,907) 
(7,126) 
 -  
(7,126) 
105,456 
Credit card debtors 
6,136 
47,011 
799 
89 
4,034 
58,069 
(115) 
(1,352) 
(92) 
(41) 
(2,243) 
(3,843) 
 -  
(3,843) 
54,226 
Factoring operations 
976,847 
100,153 
10,070 
 -  
931 
1,088,001 
(9,719) 
(1,703) 
(514) 
 -  
(266) 
(12,202) 
 -  
(12,202) 
1,075,799 
Commercial finance lease operations 
1,107,328 
337,634 
81,247 
27,819 
9,762 
1,563,790 
(8,850) 
(2,785) 
(1,088) 
(7,578) 
(3,887) 
(24,188) 
 -  
(24,188) 
1,539,602 
Student loans 
 -  
119,585 
 -  
-  
18,568 
138,153 
 -  
(1,467) 
 -  
-  
(3,547) 
(5,014) 
 -  
(5,014) 
133,139 
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
5 
 -  
2,652 
1,026 
3,683 
 -  
-  
 -  
(1,209) 
(527) 
(1,736) 
 -  
(1,736) 
1,947 
Subtotal 
19,576,150 
5,059,593 
1,745,462 
433,833 
361,599 
27,176,637 
(131,601) 
(38,347) 
(46,040) 
(118,150) 
(110,121) 
(444,259) 
(46,192) 
(490,451) 
26,686,186 
Mortgage loans 
Loans with letters of credit 
 -  
2,949 
 -  
-  
239 
3,188 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
(1) 
(1) 
 -  
(1) 
3,187 
Loans with endorsable mortgage 
mutual funds 
 -  
2,104,965 
 -  
-  
20,512 
2,125,477 
 -  
(22,168) 
 -  
-  
(363) 
(22,531) 
 -  
(22,531) 
2,102,946 
Loans with mutual funds financed 
with mortgage bonds 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Other credits with mortgage loans 
 -  
8,263,247 
 -  
-  
236,608 
8,499,855 
 -  
(17,205) 
 -  
-  
(12,190) 
(29,395) 
 -  
(29,395) 
8,470,460 
Financial lease operations for 
Mortgage 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Other loans and accounts receivable 
 -  
116,416 
 -  
-  
6,729 
123,145 
 -  
(208) 
 -  
-  
(474) 
(682) 
 -  
(682) 
122,463 
Subtotal 
 -  
10,487,577 
 -  
-  
264,088 
10,751,665 
 -  
(39,581) 
 -  
-  
(13,028) 
(52,609) 
 -  
(52,609) 
10,699,056 
Consumer Loans 
Consumer loans in installments 
 -  
1,827,412 
 -  
-  
125,948 
1,953,360 
 -  
(47,948) 
 -  
-  
(63,409) 
(111,357) 
 -  
(111,357) 
1,842,003 
Debtors in current accounts 
 -  
65,289 
 -  
-  
7,612 
72,901 
 -  
(3,115) 
 -  
-  
(5,743) 
(8,858) 
 -  
(8,858) 
64,043 
Credit card debtors 
 -  
1,315,639 
 -  
-  
43,173 
1,358,812 
 -  
(60,304) 
 -  
-  
(26,489) 
(86,793) 
 -  
(86,793) 
1,272,019 
Consumer finance lease operations 
 -  
388 
 -  
-  
 -  
388 
 -  
(5) 
 -  
-  
 -  
(5) 
 -  
(5) 
383 
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
44,657 
 -  
-  
671 
45,328 
 -  
(540) 
 -  
-  
(99) 
(639) 
 -  
(639) 
44,689 
Subtotal 
 -  
3,253,385 
 -  
-  
177,404 
3,430,789 
 -  
(111,912) 
 -  
-  
(95,740) 
(207,652) 
 -  
(207,652) 
3,223,137 
TOTAL 
19,576,150 
18,800,555 
1,745,462 
433,833 
803,091 
41,359,091 
(131,601) 
(189,840) 
(46,040) 
(118,150) 
(218,889) 
(704,520) 
(46,192) 
(750,712) 
40,608,379 
F-315

--- Page 618 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 56 
 
g) As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the balance of contingent loans related to commercial and consumer loans are as follows: 
 
EXPOSURE TO CREDIT LOSS FOR CONTINGENT 
LOANS  
 
December 31, 2022 
Exposure for contingent loans before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
Net  
exposure for 
credit risk of 
contingent loans 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Individual / Group 
Evaluation 
Individual / Group 
Individual / Group 
Evaluation 
Individual / Group 
Assessment 
Individual 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual 
Assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Co-debtors and guarantees 
 322,449  
 2,296  
 1,283  
 3,658  
 -  
 329,686  
 (1,594) 
 (47) 
 (369) 
 (1,488) 
 -  
 (3,498) 
 326,188  
Letters of credit for merchandise circulation 
operations 
 26,833  
 877  
 17  
 -  
 -  
 27,727  
 (620) 
 (23) 
 (3) 
 -  
 -  
 (646) 
 27,081  
Debt purchase commitments in local currency 
abroad 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transactions related to contingent events 
 1,218,934  
 61,529  
 51,295  
 6,104  
 1,826  
 1,339,688  
 (6,890) 
 (1,413) 
 (6,945) 
 (3,077) 
 (999) 
 (19,324) 
 1,320,364  
Lines of credit of free disposal of immediate 
cancellation 
 -  
 335,957  
 -  
 -  
 10,581  
 346,538  
 -  
 (4,686) 
 -  
 -  
 (3,702) 
 (8,388) 
 338,150  
Free lines of credit 
 2,959,218  
 906,167  
 56,411  
 6,908  
 4,847  
 3,933,551  
 (8,702) 
 (7,537) 
 (1,557) 
 (1,960) 
 (2,270) 
(22,026) 
 3,911,525  
Other credit commitments 
 788,400  
 49,153  
 1,016  
 -  
 -  
 838,569  
 (5,907) 
 (456) 
 (7) 
 -  
 -  
 (6,370) 
 832,199  
Other contingent loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 
EXPOSURE TO CREDIT RISK FOR CONTINGENT 
LOANS  
 
December 31, 2021 
Exposure for contingent loans before provisions 
Provisions recorded 
Net  
exposure for 
credit risk of 
contingent loans 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Individual / Group 
Evaluation 
Individual / Group 
Individual / Group 
Evaluation 
Individual / Group 
Assessment 
Individual 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Individual 
Assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Guarantees and bonds 
268,811 
1,048 
8,064 
 -  
 -  
277,923 
(1,840) 
(21) 
(2,745) 
 -  
 -  
(4,606) 
273,317 
Letters of credit for goods movement 
operations 
57,540 
538 
244 
 -  
 -  
58,322 
(447) 
(12) 
(12) 
 -  
 -  
(471) 
57,851 
Debt purchase commitments abroad in local 
currency  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transactions related to contingent events 
1,065,982 
36,091 
20,124 
5,021 
2,160 
1,129,378 
(7,835) 
(777) 
(994) 
(2,912) 
(1,071) 
(13,589) 
1,115,789 
Lines of credit of freely available and 
immediate payment 
 -  
1,381,033 
 -  
 -  
12,738 
1,393,771 
 -  
(3,689) 
 -  
 -  
(3,645) 
(7,334) 
1,386,437 
Freely available lines of credit 
1,800,517 
942,904 
46,096 
307 
7,168 
2,796,992 
(11,113) 
(14,491) 
(1,197) 
(1,690) 
(610) 
(29,101) 
2,767,891 
Other credit commitments 
779,640 
27,527 
1,771 
 -  
559 
809,497 
(2,809) 
(235) 
(58) 
 -  
(238) 
(3,340) 
806,157 
Other contingent loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 
h) As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the summary of movements in provisions recorded by banks is as follows: 
 
December 31, 2022 
Movement in provisions constituted by portfolio in the period 
Individual assessments 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
  
  
  
  
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
799 
- 
- 
799 
Recording / (use) of provisions for: 
  
  
  
  
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Individual regular to Substandard 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Individual regular to individual non-performing 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Substandard to Individual normal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Substandard to regular individual 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
- 
- 
- 
- 
New loans originated 
980 
- 
- 
980 
New loans acquired 
- 
- 
- 
- 
New loans for conversion of contingent to loans 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Sale or transfer of loans 
- 
- 
- 
                -  
Loan repayment 
(727) 
- 
- 
(727) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
- 
- 
- 
               -  
Recovery of written-off credits 
- 
- 
- 
                -  
Translation difference 
(89) 
- 
- 
(89) 
Balance as of December 31, 2022 
963 
- 
- 
963 
 
December 31, 2021 
Movement in provisions constituted by portfolio in the period 
Individual assessment 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing 
portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
  
  
  
  
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
358 
- 
- 
358 
Recording / (use) of provisions for: 
  
  
  
  
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
6 
- 
- 
6 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Individual regular to Substandard 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Individual regular to individual non-performing 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Substandard to Individual normal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Substandard to regular individual 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
- 
- 
- 
- 
New loans originated 
109 
- 
- 
109 
New loans acquired 
- 
- 
- 
- 
New loans for conversion of contingent to loans 
675 
- 
- 
675 
Sale or transfer of loans 
- 
- 
- 
                -  
Loan repayment 
(370) 
- 
- 
(370) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
- 
- 
- 
                -  
Recovery of written-off credits 
- 
- 
- 
                -  
Translation difference 
21 
- 
- 
21 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 
799 
- 
- 
799 
 
 
 
F-316

--- Page 619 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 57 
i)
As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the summary of the movement of provisions recorded by commercial loans is as follows:
December 31, 2022 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19 
(i) 
Total 
Individual / group 
Individual / group 
Assessment 
Assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
 131,601  
 38,347  
 46,040  
 118,150  
 110,121  
 444,259  
 46,192  
 490,451  
Recording / (use) of provisions for: 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 (4,290) 
 7,015  
 168  
 4,222  
 (9,714) 
 (2,599) 
 (1,056) 
 (3,655) 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 (3,316) 
 (3,668) 
 (2,493) 
 17,890  
 33,713  
 42,126  
 (6,631) 
 35,495  
Regular individual to Substandard 
 (1,896) 
 -  
 3,282  
 -  
-  
 1,386  
 (3) 
 1,383  
Regular individual to Individual non-performing 
 (1,424) 
 -  
-  
 16,064  
 -  
 14,640  
 (843) 
 13,797  
Substandard to individual non-performing 
 -  
-  
 (1,374) 
 2,534  
 -  
 1,160  
 (135) 
 1,025  
Substandard to regular individual 
 874  
 -  
 (4,014) 
 -  
-  
 (3,140) 
 -  
 (3,140) 
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
 -  
-  
 14  
 (377) 
 -  
 (363) 
 -  
 (363) 
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
 1  
 -  
-  
 (272) 
 -  
 (271) 
 -  
 (271) 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
 -  
 (3,008) 
 -  
-  
 40,485  
 37,477  
 (5,641) 
 31,836  
Group non-performing to Group regular 
 -  
 338  
 -  
-  
 (6,769) 
 (6,431) 
 -  
 (6,431) 
Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) to Group (regular, non-performing) 
 (2,224) 
 2,225  
 (578) 
 (59) 
 36  
 (600) 
 (9) 
 (609) 
Group (regular, non-performing) to Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) 
 1,353  
 (3,223) 
 177  
 -  
 (39) 
 (1,732) 
 -  
 (1,732) 
New loans originated 
 53,094  
 6,132  
 7,728  
 17,116  
 5,916  
 89,986  
 (13) 
 89,973  
New loans for conversion of contingent to loans 
 2,311  
 1,740  
 1,107  
 120  
 1,838  
 7,116  
 -  
 7,116  
New loans acquired 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Loan repayment 
 (40,826) 
 (5,278) 
 (17,270) 
 (5,621) 
 (5,909) 
 (74,904) 
 (41) 
 (74,945) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 (1) 
 (484) 
 (492) 
 (26,712) 
 (34,586) 
 (62,275) 
 (1,792) 
 (64,067) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
 -  
 2  
 -  
-  
 1  
 3  
 -  
 3  
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Translation differences 
 (4,946) 
 (1,537) 
 (2,060) 
 (1,376) 
 (211) 
 (10,130) 
 -  
 (10,130) 
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 133,627  
 42,269  
 32,728  
 123,789  
 101,169  
 433,582  
 36,659  
 470,241  
December 31, 2021 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19 
(i) 
Total 
Individual / group 
Individual / group 
Assessment 
Assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
92,753 
50,738 
52,447 
107,155 
132,931 
436,024 
29,276 
465,300 
Recording / (use) of provisions for: 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
18,892 
1,514 
2,816 
8,504 
(3,588) 
28,138 
1,583 
29,721 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
(5,562) 
(960) 
4,536 
11,883 
4,086 
13,983 
(2,890) 
11,093 
Regular individual to Substandard 
(3,907) 
 -  
8,006 
 -  
-  
4,099 
72 
4,171 
Regular individual to Individual non-performing 
(271) 
 -  
-  
5,313 
 -  
5,042 
7 
5,049 
Substandard to individual non-performing 
 -  
-  
(765) 
6,941 
 -  
6,176 
3 
6,179 
Substandard to regular individual 
859 
 -  
(2,175) 
 -  
-  
(1,316) 
10 
(1,306) 
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
 -  
-  
59 
(35) 
 -  
24 
 -  
24 
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
 -  
-  
 -  
(466) 
 -  
(466) 
 -  
(466) 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
 -  
(2,613) 
 -  
-  
26,498 
23,885 
(2,987) 
20,898 
Group non-performing to Group regular 
 -  
939 
 -  
-  
(22,887) 
(21,948) 
9 
(21,939) 
Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) to Group (regular, non-performing) 
(1,042) 
404 
(249) 
(10) 
579 
(318) 
(31) 
(349) 
Group (regular, non-performing) to Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) 
(1,201) 
310 
(340) 
140 
(104) 
(1,195) 
27 
(1,168) 
New loans originated 
29,371 
8,827 
7,363 
29,041 
14,988 
89,590 
17,398 
106,988 
New loans for conversion of contingent to loans 
7,022 
1,209 
3,663 
115 
1,144 
13,153 
 -  
13,153 
New loans acquired 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
(1) 
 -  
-  
(1) 
(2) 
 -  
(2) 
Loan repayment 
(26,373) 
(14,608) 
(26,254) 
(23,018) 
(6,772) 
(97,025) 
365 
(96,660) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
(1) 
(192) 
 -  
(14,025) 
(29,973) 
(44,191) 
 -  
(44,191) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
 -  
4 
 -  
-  
 -  
4 
 -  
4 
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
Translation differences 
2,772 
191 
1,266 
(1,388) 
405 
3,246 
 -  
3,246 
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
12,727 
(8,375) 
203 
(117) 
(3,099) 
 1,339  
460 
1,799 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 
131,601 
38,347 
46,040 
118,150 
110,121 
444,259 
46,192 
490,451 
j)
As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the detail of movements in provisions recorded for mortgage loans is as follows:
December 31, 2022 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Group assessment 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Mortgage loans 
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
 39,582  
 13,028  
 52,610  
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 (1,391) 
 2,679  
 1,288  
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 (990) 
 7,805  
 6,815  
Group regular to Group non-performing 
 (1,418) 
 9,827  
 8,409  
Group non-performing to Group regular 
 428  
 (2,022) 
 (1,594) 
New loans originated 
 26,606  
 2,656  
 29,262  
New credits for conversion of contingent to loans 
 -  
-  
 -  
New loans acquired 
 -  
-  
 -  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
-  
 -  
Loan repayment 
 (3,197) 
 (1,407) 
 (4,604) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 (15) 
 (360) 
 (375) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
 -  
-  
 -  
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
-  
 -  
Translation differences 
 (1,787) 
 (92) 
 (1,879) 
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
 -  
-  
 -  
Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 58,808  
 24,309  
 83,117  
F-317

--- Page 620 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 58 
 
 
December 31, 2021 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Group assessment 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Mortgage loans 
  
  
  
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
34,035 
14,195 
48,230 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
6,160 
(1,563) 
4,597 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
(815) 
4,979 
4,164 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
(1,120) 
7,511 
6,391 
Group non-performing to Group regular 
305 
(2,532) 
(2,227) 
New loans originated 
5,403 
266 
5,669 
New credits for conversion of contingent to loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
New loans acquired 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Loan repayment 
(5,202) 
(1,866) 
(7,068) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
(2) 
(341) 
(343) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation differences 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
2 
(2,642) 
(2,640) 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 
39,581 
13,028 
52,609 
  
k) As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the balances for this concept are as follows: 
    
 
December 31, 2022 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Group Evaluation 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Consumer Loans 
  
  
  
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
 111,912  
 95,740  
 207,652  
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 51,133  
 (6,841) 
 44,292  
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 (17,050) 
 110,801  
93,751 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
 (18,281) 
 118,105  
 99,824  
Group non-performing to Group regular 
 1,231  
 (7,304) 
 (6,073) 
New loans originated 
 10,988  
 27,460  
 38,448  
New credits for conversion of contingent to loans 
 31,694  
 12,415  
 44,109  
New loans acquired 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 (1,945) 
 (1,791) 
 (3,736) 
Repayment of loans 
 (14,472) 
 (17,749) 
 (32,221) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 (14,927) 
 (55,351) 
 (70,278) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
 1,862  
 169  
 2,031  
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation differences 
 (238) 
 (5) 
 (243) 
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Balance as of December 31, 2022 
158,957 
164,848 
323,805 
 
December 31, 2021 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Group assessment 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Consumer Loans 
  
  
  
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
107,157 
168,029 
275,186 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
4,742 
(2,626) 
2,116 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
(275) 
(10,446) 
(10,721) 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
(5,417) 
24,595 
19,178 
Group non-performing to Group regular 
5,142 
(35,041) 
(29,899) 
New loans originated 
16,736 
19,461 
36,197 
New credits for conversion of contingent to loans 
19,563 
4,979 
24,542 
New loans acquired 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Sale or transfer of loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Repayment of loans 
(26,075) 
(30,698) 
(56,773) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
(10,389) 
(53,162) 
(63,551) 
Recovery of written-off credits 
381 
30 
411 
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation differences 
72 
320 
392 
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
 -  
(147) 
(147)  
Balance as of December 31, 2021 
111,912 
95,740 
207,652 
 
 
 
F-318

--- Page 621 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 59 
 
l) 
As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the detail of the movement of provisions recorded by contingent loans is as follows: 
 
December 31, 2022 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Individual / group 
Individual / group 
Assessment 
Assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Contingent loans 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
24,569 
18,882 
5,005 
4,602 
5,383 
58,441 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
 1,474  
 (3,149) 
 151  
 362  
 (777) 
 (1,939) 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
 (456) 
 (1,059) 
 194  
 3,772  
 3,074  
 5,525  
Regular individual to Substandard 
 (507) 
 -  
 1,270  
 -  
 -  
 763  
Regular individual to Individual non-performing 
 (35) 
 -  
 -  
 1,438  
 -  
 1,403  
Substandard to individual non-performing 
 -  
 -  
 (751) 
 679  
 -  
 (72) 
Substandard to regular individual 
 198  
 -  
 (266) 
 -  
 -  
 (68) 
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
 -  
 -  
 4  
 (29) 
 -  
 (25) 
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (1) 
 -  
 (1) 
Group regular to Group non-performing 
 -  
 (957) 
 -  
 -  
 5,050  
 4,093  
Group non-performing to Group regular 
 -  
 26  
 -  
 -  
 (2,221) 
 (2,195) 
Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) to Group (regular, non-performing) 
 (166) 
 (167) 
 (64) 
 1,685  
 337  
 1,625  
Group (regular, non-performing) to Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) 
 54  
 39  
 1  
 -  
 (92) 
 2  
New loans originated 
 13,182  
 2,997  
 6,487  
 848  
 1,810  
 25,324  
Contingent loans for conversion to loans 
 489  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 489  
Loan repayment 
 (14,470) 
 (3,053) 
 (2,478) 
 (2,532) 
 (2,059) 
(24,592) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 -  
 (416) 
 -  
 -  
 (345) 
 (761) 
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation differences 
 (1,075) 
 (40) 
 (478) 
 (527) 
 (115) 
 (2,235) 
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 23,713  
 14,162  
 8,881  
 6,525  
 6,971  
 60,252  
 
December 31, 2021 
Movement in provisions recorded by portfolio in the period 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Individual / group 
Individual / group 
assessment 
assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Contingent loans 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Opening balance as of January 1, 2022 
15,156 
21,610 
4,251 
2,042 
9,063 
52,122 
Change in measurement without portfolio reclassification during the period: 
4,925 
60 
266 
36 
924 
6,211 
Change in measurement due to portfolio reclassification from the beginning to the end of the period [portfolio from (-) to (+) ]: 
(59) 
(52) 
411 
622 
140 
1,062 
Regular individual to Substandard 
(227) 
 -  
584 
 -  
 -  
357 
Regular individual to Individual non-performing 
(28) 
 -  
 -  
622 
 -  
594 
Substandard to individual non-performing 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Substandard to regular individual 
73 
 -  
(205) 
 -  
 -  
(132) 
Individual non-performing to Substandard 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Individual non-performing to Individual regular 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Group regular to Group non-performing 
 -  
(189) 
 -  
 -  
4,195 
4,006 
Group non-performing to Group regular 
 -  
107 
 -  
 -  
(4,125) 
(4,018) 
Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) to Group (regular, non-performing) 
103 
55 
(4) 
 -  
77 
231 
Group (regular, non-performing) to Individual (regular, substandard, non-performing) 
20 
(25) 
36 
 -  
(7) 
24 
New loans originated 
9,162 
5,033 
1,074 
695 
779 
16,743 
Contingent loans for conversion to loans 
1,375 
- 
 -  
 -  
- 
1,375 
Loan repayment 
(8,176) 
(3,372) 
(1,381) 
(331) 
(2,136) 
(15,396) 
Application of provisions for write-offs 
 -  
(285) 
 -  
 -  
(124) 
(409) 
Changes in models and methodologies 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Translation differences 
465 
9 
351 
 -  
(1) 
824 
Other changes in provisions (if applicable) 
1,721 
(4,121) 
33 
1,538 
(3,262) 
(4,091) 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 
24,569 
18,882 
5,005 
4,602 
5,383 
58,441 
 
 
 
F-319

--- Page 622 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 60 
 
m) As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the concentration of credits by economic activity is as follows: 
 
December 31, 2022 
Loans and exposure to contingent loans 
Constitutive provisions 
Local /foreign 
Total 
Local /foreign 
Total 
Loans 
Loans 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
 -  
 768,663  
 768,663  
 -  
 963  
 963  
Commercial loans 
 1,501,198  
 236,416  
 1,737,614  
 33,503  
 5,263  
 38,766  
Agriculture and livestock 
 489,484  
 33,928  
 523,412  
 12,665  
 2,970  
 15,635  
Fruit growing 
 361,523  
 18,490  
 380,013  
 11,141  
 128  
 11,269  
Forestry and logging 
 146,189  
 5,697  
 151,886  
 2,219  
 94  
 2,313  
Fishing 
 75,613  
 76,902  
 152,515  
 2,804  
 1,798  
 4,602  
Exploitation of mines and quarries 
 239,527  
 101,399  
 340,926  
 2,107  
 273  
 2,380  
Crude oil and natural gas production 
 188,862  
 -  
 188,862  
 2,567  
 -  
 2,567  
Product Manufacturing Industry 
 1,758,110  
 353,851  
 2,111,961  
 40,360  
 3,420  
 43,780  
Food, beverage, and tobacco industry 
 369,841  
 144,897  
 514,738  
 7,878  
 1,009  
 8,887  
Textile and leather industry 
 69,779  
 9,374  
 79,153  
 1,864  
 611  
 2,475  
Wood and furniture industry 
 47,086  
 1,325  
 48,411  
 1,857  
 18  
 1,875  
Printing and publishing paper industry 
 60,462  
 4,538  
 65,000  
 3,188  
 77  
 3,265  
Chemicals and petroleum derivatives 
 354,268  
 50,020  
 404,288  
 6,451  
 450  
 6,901  
Metallic, non-metallic, machinery, or other 
 524,287  
 139,331  
 663,618  
 14,486  
 1,244  
 15,730  
Other Manufacturing Industries 
 332,387  
 4,366  
 336,753  
 4,636  
 11  
 4,647  
Electricity, gas, and water 
 818,934  
 537  
 819,471  
 6,390  
 23  
 6,413  
Home building 
 154,945  
 -  
 154,945  
 1,164  
 -  
 1,164  
Other works and constructions 
 1,849,168  
 9,077  
 1,858,245  
 37,006  
 184  
 37,190  
Wholesale trade 
 1,684,563  
 437,973  
 2,122,536  
 41,277  
 8,240  
 49,517  
Retail restaurants and hotels 
 2,208,253  
 80,758  
 2,289,011  
 49,784  
 910  
 50,694  
Transport and storage 
 1,468,123  
 113,277  
 1,581,400  
 22,423  
 200  
 22,623  
Telecommunications 
 497,097  
 137  
 497,234  
 8,325  
 4  
 8,329  
Financial and insurance establishments 
 2,808,791  
 19,855  
 2,828,646  
 37,700  
 1,359  
 39,059  
Real estate and services provided to companies 
 7,660,848  
 7,963  
 7,668,811  
 73,715  
 105  
 73,820  
Community, social and personal services 
 6,069,676  
 7,635  
 6,077,311  
 98,771  
 115  
 98,886  
Total Commercial loans 
 28,479,706  
 1,267,479  
 29,747,185  
 450,418  
 19,823  
 470,241  
Mortgage loans 
 12,892,498  
 -  
 12,892,498  
 83,117  
 -  
 83,117  
Consumer Loans 
 3,536,612  
 -  
 3,536,612  
 323,805  
 -  
 323,805  
Contingent loan exposure 
 6,016,625  
 799,134  
 6,815,759  
 55,254  
 4,999  
 60,253  
 
As of December 31, 2021 
Loans and exposure to contingent loans 
Constitutive provisions 
Local /foreign 
Total 
Local /foreign 
Total 
Loans 
Loans 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
 -  
640,332 
640,332 
 -  
(799) 
(799) 
Commercial loans 
Agriculture and livestock 
524,333 
33,096 
557,429 
(16,355) 
(3,205) 
(19,560) 
Fruit growing 
351,808 
12,125 
363,933 
(13,139) 
(61) 
(13,200) 
Forestry and logging 
170,327 
1,782 
172,109 
(2,697) 
(22) 
(2,719) 
Fishing 
65,041 
99,946 
164,987 
(3,156) 
(5,476) 
(8,632) 
Exploitation of mines and quarries 
148,087 
109,487 
257,574 
(1,979) 
(158) 
(2,137) 
Crude oil and natural gas production 
157,330 
 -  
157,330 
(2,698) 
 -  
(2,698) 
Product Manufacturing Industry 
1,700,076 
343,822 
2,043,898 
(42,022) 
(3,163) 
(45,185) 
Food, beverage, and tobacco industry 
343,279 
101,690 
444,969 
(7,359) 
(906) 
(8,265) 
Textile and leather industry 
45,719 
7,180 
52,899 
(2,039) 
(313) 
(2,352) 
Wood and furniture industry 
55,629 
3,257 
58,886 
(2,157) 
(9) 
(2,166) 
Printing and publishing paper industry 
63,494 
7,195 
70,689 
(4,062) 
(236) 
(4,298) 
Chemicals and petroleum derivatives 
173,023 
63,435 
236,458 
(5,191) 
(370) 
(5,561) 
Metallic, non-metallic, machinery, or other 
536,305 
160,251 
696,556 
(14,362) 
(1,315) 
(15,677) 
Other Manufacturing Industries 
482,627 
814 
483,441 
(6,852) 
(14) 
(6,866) 
Electricity, gas, and water 
722,428 
2,701 
725,129 
(7,284) 
(23) 
(7,307) 
Home building 
97,208 
 -  
97,208 
(1,057) 
 -  
(1,057) 
Other works and constructions 
1,828,720 
7,737 
1,836,457 
(29,828) 
(214) 
(30,042) 
Wholesale trade 
1,433,146 
357,723 
1,790,869 
(42,003) 
(4,538) 
(46,541) 
Retail restaurants and hotels 
2,398,116 
70,158 
2,468,274 
(54,134) 
(1,207) 
(55,341) 
Transport and storage 
1,328,112 
179,030 
1,507,142 
(23,293) 
(374) 
(23,667) 
Telecommunications 
372,852 
318 
373,170 
(4,794) 
(5) 
(4,799) 
Financial and insurance establishments 
2,819,756 
17,587 
2,837,343 
(33,552) 
(1,375) 
(34,927) 
Real estate and services provided to companies 
3,557,836 
5,844 
3,563,680 
(68,960) 
(110) 
(69,070) 
Community, social and personal services 
8,252,807 
7,300 
8,260,107 
(123,320) 
(249) 
(123,569) 
Total Commercial loans 
25,927,983 
1,248,656 
27,176,639 
(470,271) 
(20,180) 
(490,451) 
Mortgage loans 
10,751,664 
 -  
10,751,664 
(52,609) 
 -  
(52,609) 
Consumer Loans 
3,430,790 
 -  
3,430,790 
(207,652) 
 -  
(207,652) 
Contingent loan exposure 
5,810,797 
655,086 
6,465,883 
(52,539) 
(5,902) 
(58,441) 
 
 
 
 
F-320

--- Page 623 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 61 
 
n) As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the mortgage loans and its provisions recorded by tranches of outstanding principal 
owed of the loan on the value of the mortgage guarantee (PVG) and the days past due, are as follows: 
 
December 31, 2022,  
Tranche Loan / Guarantee Value (%) 
Mortgage loans (MCh$) 
Provisions recorded for mortgage Loans (MCh$) 
Days past due at the end of the period 
Days past due at the end of the period 
0 
1 to 29 
30 to 59 
60 to 89 
>= 90 
Total 
0 
1 to 29 
30 to 59 
60 to 89 
>= 90 
Total 
PVG <= 40% 
 1,105,938  
 34,743  
 12,160  
 3,544  
 8,713  
 1,165,098  
 (8,294) 
 (676) 
 (465) 
 (210) 
 (851) 
 (10,496) 
40% < PVG <= 80% 
 9,056,788  
 315,448  
 74,115  
 34,145  
 88,835  
 9,569,331  
 (46,774) 
 (7,117) 
 (3,321) 
 (1,925) 
 (7,039) 
 (66,176) 
80% < PVG <= 90% 
 1,865,001  
 25,694  
 13,200  
 4,782  
 8,246  
 1,916,923  
 (3,091) 
 (661) 
 (387) 
 (195) 
 (686) 
 (5,020) 
PVG > 90% 
 227,966  
 5,613  
 4,630  
 575  
 2,362  
 241,146  
 (979) 
 (109) 
 (130) 
 (24) 
 (183) 
 (1,425) 
Total LTV 
 12,255,693  
 381,498  
 104,105  
 43,046  108,156  
 12,892,498  
 (59,138) 
 (8,563) 
 (4,303) 
 (2,354) 
 (8,759) 
 (83,117) 
 
December 31, 2021,  
Loan Tranche / Guarantee Value (%) 
Mortgage loans (MCh$) 
Provisions recorded for mortgage Loans (MCh$) 
Days past due at the end of the period 
Days past due at the end of the period 
0 
1 to 29 
30 to 59 
60 to 89 
>= 90 
Total 
0 
1 to 29 
30 to 59 
60 to 89 
>= 90 
Total 
PVG <= 40% 
804,576 
30,092 
8,348 
2,496 
5,695 
851,207 
(2,219) 
(188) 
(85) 
(10) 
(50) 
(2,552) 
40% < PVG <= 80% 
7,339,680 
139,077 
43,603 
22,443 
54,746 
7,599,549 
(20,355) 
(1,824) 
(974) 
(523) 
(1,421) 
(25,097) 
80% < PVG <= 90% 
1,759,203 
17,966 
7,600 
1,750 
6,745 
1,793,264 
(12,946) 
(1,572) 
(1,174) 
(360) 
(1,404) 
(17,456) 
PVG > 90% 
495,399 
5,422 
2,665 
634 
3,524 
507,644 
(5,463) 
(446) 
(459) 
(108) 
(1,028) 
(7,504) 
Total LTV 
10,398,858 
192,557 
62,216 
27,323 
70,710 
10,751,664 
(40,983) 
(4,030) 
(2,692) 
(1,001) 
(3,903) 
(52,609) 
 
 
F-321

--- Page 624 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 62 
 
o) As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, loans and advances to bank and commercial loans and their provisions recorded by classification category, are as follows: 
 
December 31, 2022 
Loans and advances to banks and commercial loans 
Individual 
Total 
Deductible 
provision 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19(i) 
Assessment 
group 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Normal Portfolio 
Portfolio in 
Default 
Total 
  
A2 
A3 
A4 
TO 5 
A6 
Subtotal 
B1 
B2 
B3 
B4 
Subtotal 
C1 
C2 
C3 
C4 
C5 
C6 
Subtotal 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Interbank liquidity loans 
 -  
 170,429  
 87,972  
 11,992  
 34,091  
 -  
 304,484  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 304,484  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 304,484  
 -  
Commercial interbank loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Overdrafts on checking accounts 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
 -  
 33,388  
 33,876  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 67,264  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 67,264  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 67,264  
 -  
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign trade credits between third countries 
 -  
 274,268  
 122,647  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 396,915  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 396,915  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 396,915  
 -  
Non-transferable deposits in banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other credit balances with banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 478,085  
 244,495  
 11,992  
 34,091  
 -  
 768,663  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 768,663  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 768,663  
 -  
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 (424)  
(535)  
 (1)  
 (3)  
 -  
 (963)  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (963)  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (963)  
 -  
% Provisions recorded 
0.00% 
0.09% 
0.22% 
0.01% 
0.01% 
0.00% 
0.13% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.13% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.13% 
 
Commercial loans 
Commercial loans 
 275,044   1,375,555  
 3,098,642  
 3,333,849  
 4,596,454  
 7,272,232   19,951,776  
 983,368  
 141,285  
 34,133  
 45,257   1,204,043  
 196,591  
 114,783  
 91,981  
 37,478  
 21,796  
 42,874  
 505,503  
 21,661,322  
 3,510,630  
 295,806  
 3,806,436  
 25,467,758  
 (36,659) 
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
 -  
 76,245  
 275,315  
 137,794  
 81,639  
 24,153  
 595,146  
 15,523  
 689  
 2,341  
 4,343  
 22,896  
 -  
 3,711  
 -  
 -  
 4,303  
 -  
 8,014  
 626,056  
 7,962  
 -  
 7,962  
 634,018  
 -  
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
 -  
 13,587  
 130,517  
 154,585  
 73,841  
 27,794  
 400,324  
 3,734  
 7,074  
 139  
 663  
 11,610  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 411,934  
 24,546  
 -  
 24,546  
 436,480  
 -  
Foreign trade credits between third countries 
 -  
 -  
 102,637  
 17,579  
 49,745  
 15,514  
 185,475  
 525  
 5,832  
 -  
 5,148  
 11,505  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 196,980  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 196,980  
 -  
Debtors in current accounts 
 189  
 8,133  
 33,235  
 5,876  
 5,947  
 1,826  
 55,206  
 7,224  
 2,196  
 359  
 297  
 10,076  
 180  
 182  
 4  
 133  
 77  
 510  
 1,086  
 66,368  
 69,124  
 7,140  
 76,264  
 142,632  
 -  
Credit card debtors 
 -  
 1,059  
 1,102  
 2,163  
 978  
 777  
 6,079  
 740  
 101  
 18  
 71  
 930  
 -  
 11  
 -  
 46  
 22  
 339  
 418  
 7,427  
 53,459  
 5,300  
 58,759  
 66,186  
 -  
Factoring operations 
 60,896  
 224,294  
 373,802  
 298,031  
 207,716  
 24,198  
 1,188,937  
 9,323  
 521  
 -  
 171  
 10,015  
 -  
 351  
 -  
 -  
 2,853  
 -  
 3,204  
 1,202,156  
 79,242  
 2,205  
 81,447  
 1,283,603  
 -  
Commercial finance lease operations 
 -  
 71,715  
 148,067  
 295,506  
 228,258  
 178,045  
 921,591  
 97,890  
 25,280  
 7,006  
 9,002  
 139,178  
 12,478  
 5,548  
 1,155  
 3,009  
 3,254  
 2,293  
 27,737  
 1,088,506  
 284,076  
 10,884  
 294,960  
 1,383,466  
 -  
Student loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 116,262  
 11,468  
 127,730  
 127,730  
 -  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 90  
 -  
 -  
 2,154  
 1,632  
 3,626  
 7,502  
 7,502  
 71  
 759  
 830  
 8,332  
 -  
Subtotal 
 336,129   1,770,588  
 4,163,317  
 4,245,383  
 5,244,578  
 7,544,539   23,304,534   1,118,327  
 182,978  
 43,996  
 64,952   1,410,253  
 209,339  
 124,586  
 93,140  
 42,820  
 33,937  
 49,642  
 553,464  
 25,268,251  
 4,145,372  
 333,562  
 4,478,934  
 29,747,185  
(36,659) 
Provisions recorded 
(97)  
 (2,289)  
 (6,760)  
 (33,057)  
 (38,025)  
 (53,399)  
 (133,627)  
 (17,266)  
 (5,799)  
 (4,417)  
 (5,246)  
 (32,728)  
 (4,238)  
 (12,570)  
 (23,298)  
 (17,615)  
 (22,004)  
 (44,064)   (123,789)  
 (290,144)  
 (42,269)  
 (101,169)  
 (143,438)  
 (433,582)  
- 
% Provisions recorded 
0.04% 
0.14% 
0.15% 
0.96% 
0.79% 
1.08% 
0.72% 
2.18% 
2.23% 
8.51% 
4.01% 
2.75% 
2.01% 
10.13% 
25.02% 
40.23% 
65.16% 
89.72% 
25.82% 
1.35% 
1.64% 
29.96% 
3.70% 
1.76% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-322

--- Page 625 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 63 
 
 
As of December 31, 2021 
Loans and advances to banks and commercial loans 
Individual 
Total 
Deductible 
provision 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19(i) 
assessment 
group 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Normal Portfolio 
Portfolio in 
Default 
Total 
  
A2 
A3 
A4 
TO 5 
A6 
Subtotal 
B1 
B2 
B3 
B4 
Subtotal 
C1 
C2 
C3 
C4 
C5 
C6 
Subtotal 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Interbank liquidity loans 
 -  
315,331 
180,174 
 -  
25,648 
 -  
521,153 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
521,153 
 -  
 -  
 -  
521,153 
 -  
Commercial interbank loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Overdrafts on checking accounts 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
 -  
35,099 
8,530 
 -  
 -  
 -  
43,629 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
43,629 
 -  
 -  
 -  
43,629 
 -  
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Foreign trade credits between third countries 
 -  
52,052 
23,498 
 -  
 -  
 -  
75,550 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
75,550 
 -  
 -  
 -  
75,550 
 -  
Non-transferable deposits in banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other credit balances with banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
402,482 
212,202 
 -  
25,648 
 -  
640,332 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
640,332 
 -  
 -  
 -  
640,332 
 -  
Provisions recorded 
 -  
(332) 
(464) 
 -  
(3) 
 -  
 (799)  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
(799) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
(799) 
 -  
% Provisions recorded 
0.00% 
0.08% 
0.22% 
0.00% 
0.01% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.12% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.00% 
0.12% 
0.00% 
Commercial loans 
Commercial loans 
176,681 
1,333,990 
3,035,070 
2,728,261 
3,755,688 
5,232,309 
16,261,999 
1,112,917 
237,981 
55,877 
197,111 
1,603,886 
154,062 
32,690 
99,362 
36,799 
31,240 
47,275 
401,428 
18,267,313 
4,376,653 
319,736 
4,696,389 
22,963,702 
(46,193) 
Foreign trade credits Chilean exports 
 -  
190,011 
150,101 
115,113 
94,978 
58,610 
608,813 
10,232 
7,646 
601 
 -  
18,479 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
627,292 
8,315 
307 
8,622 
635,914 
- 
Foreign trade credits Chilean imports 
 -  
7,354 
121,650 
113,333 
73,301 
20,977 
336,615 
4,872 
6,505 
 -  
 -  
11,377 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
347,992 
17,308 
27 
17,335 
365,327 
 -  
Foreign trade credits between third countries 
 -  
 -  
203,954 
5,601 
14,408 
8,556 
232,519 
2,474 
6,181 
 -  
6,240 
14,895 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
247,414 
 -  
 -  
 -  
247,414 
- 
Debtors in current accounts 
 -  
7,702 
25,590 
3,920 
5,713 
3,795 
46,720 
4,115 
359 
26 
210 
4,710 
161 
39 
73 
7 
99 
638 
1,017 
52,447 
52,927 
7,208 
60,135 
112,582 
 -  
Credit card debtors 
 -  
1,583 
948 
1,453 
1,137 
1,014 
6,135 
676 
88 
29 
6 
799 
9 
10 
0 
39 
17 
15 
90 
7,024 
47,011 
4,034 
51,045 
58,069 
 -  
Factoring operations 
42,758 
172,652 
323,292 
337,426 
112,836 
25,741 
1,014,705 
9,478 
593 
 -  
 -  
10,071 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
1,024,776 
62,678 
547 
63,225 
1,088,001 
 -  
Commercial finance lease operations 
 -  
51,956 
149,309 
319,567 
236,303 
350,194 
1,107,329 
61,062 
13,529 
3,318 
3,337 
81,246 
13,853 
1,684 
1,811 
2,640 
5,694 
2,137 
27,819 
1,216,394 
337,634 
9,762 
347,396 
1,563,790 
 -  
Student loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
119,585 
18,568 
138,153 
138,153 
 -  
Other loans and receivable 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
115 
386 
331 
1,102 
9 
709 
2,652 
2,652 
5 
1,028 
1,033 
3,685 
 -  
Subtotal 
219,439 
1,765,248 
4,009,914 
3,624,674 
4,294,364 
5,701,196 
19,614,835 
1,205,826 
272,882 
59,851 
206,904 
1,745,463 
168,200 
34,809 
101,577 
40,587 
37,059 
50,774 
433,006 
21,793,304 
5,022,116 
361,217 
5,383,333 
27,176,637 
(46,193) 
Provisions recorded 
(77) 
(1,179) 
(7,931) 
(36,320) 
(38,338) 
(47,756) 
(131,601) 
(19,575) 
(6,956) 
(8,489) 
(11,019) 
(46,039) 
(3,379) 
(3,483) 
(25,402) (16,296) (24,159) 
(45,430) 
(118,149) 
(295,789) 
(38,347) 
(110,122) 
(148,469) 
(444,258) 
- 
% Provisions recorded 
0.04% 
0.07% 
0.20% 
1.00% 
0.89% 
1.04% 
0.73% 
1.85% 
2.55% 
14.18% 
5.33% 
2.80% 
2.01% 
10.01% 
25.01% 
40.15% 
65.19% 
90.11% 
27.36% 
1.42% 
1.39% 
30.62% 
3.35% 
1.80% 
F-323

--- Page 626 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 64 
 
p) As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the balances for loans and their provisions recorded by tranches of days past due, are as 
follows: 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions constituted 
Net financial 
assets 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19(i) 
Total 
Individual/group 
Individual 
Individual/group 
Individual/group 
Individual 
Individual/group 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to 
banks 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
0 days 
 767,042  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 767,042  
 (959) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (959) 
 -  
 (959) 
 766,083  
1 to 29 days 
 1,621  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,621  
 (4) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (4) 
 -  
 (4) 
 1,617  
30 to 59 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
60 to 89 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
>= 90 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 768,663  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 768,663  
 (963) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (963) 
 -  
 (963) 
 767,700  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Commercial loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0 days 
 21,345,722  
 3,989,817  
 1,276,874  
 325,555  
 104,823  
 27,042,791  
 (122,893) 
 (33,306) 
 (29,294) 
 (66,003) 
 (26,101) 
 (277,597) 
 (46,850) 
 (324,447) 
 26,718,344  
1 to 29 days 
 1,943,151  
 114,542  
 123,644  
 31,876  
 26,346  
 2,239,559  
 (10,529) 
 (4,880) 
 (3,252) 
 (3,666) 
 (6,574) 
 (28,901) 
 (90) 
 (28,991) 
 2,210,568  
30 to 59 days 
 14,465  
 31,003  
 7,488  
 12,779  
 24,208  
 89,943  
 (203) 
 (2,834) 
 (76) 
 (2,104) 
 (5,911) 
 (11,128) 
 62  
 (11,066) 
 78,877  
60 to 89 days 
 1,172  
 10,010  
 2,169  
 19,362  
 21,083  
 53,796  
 -  
 (1,249) 
 (95) 
 (5,813) 
 (5,759) 
 (12,916) 
 83  
 (12,833) 
 40,963  
>= 90 days 
 24  
 -  
 78  
 163,892  
 157,102  
 321,096  
 (2) 
 -  
 (11) 
 (46,203) 
 (56,824) 
 (103,040) 
 10,136  
 (92,904) 
 228,192  
Subtotal 
 23,304,534  
 4,145,372  
 1,410,253  
 553,464  
 333,562  
 29,747,185  
 (133,627) 
 (42,269) 
 (32,728) 
 (123,789) 
 (101,169) 
 (433,582) 
 (36,659) 
 (470,241) 
 29,276,944  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mortgage loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0 days 
 -  
 12,167,990  
 -  
 -  
 87,703  
 12,255,693  
 -  
 (51,639) 
 -  
 -  
 (7,499) 
 (59,138) 
 -  
 (59,138) 
 12,196,555  
1 to 29 days 
 -  
 342,490  
 -  
 -  
 39,008  
 381,498  
 -  
 (5,294) 
 -  
 -  
 (3,269) 
 (8,563) 
 -  
 (8,563) 
 372,935  
30 to 59 days 
 -  
 69,646  
 -  
 -  
 34,459  
 104,105  
 -  
 (1,460) 
 -  
 -  
 (2,843) 
 (4,303) 
 -  
 (4,303) 
 99,802  
60 to 89 days 
 -  
 18,582  
 -  
 -  
 24,464  
 43,046  
 -  
 (415) 
 -  
 -  
 (1,939) 
 (2,354) 
 -  
 (2,354) 
 40,692  
>= 90 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 108,156  
 108,156  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (8,759) 
 (8,759) 
 -  
 (8,759) 
 99,397  
Subtotal 
 -  
 12,598,708  
 -  
 -  
 293,790  
 12,892,498  
 -  
 (58,808) 
 -  
 -  
 (24,309) 
 (83,117) 
 -  
 (83,117) 
 12,809,381  
Consumer loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0 days 
 -  
 3,074,577  
 -  
 -  
 85,744  
 3,160,321  
 -  
 (89,531) 
 -  
 -  
 (42,220) 
 (131,751) 
 -  
 (131,751) 
 3,028,570  
1 to 29 days 
 -  
 109,674  
 -  
 -  
 22,376  
 132,050  
 -  
 (30,371) 
 -  
 -  
 (11,296) 
 (41,667) 
 -  
 (41,667) 
 90,383  
30 to 59 days 
 -  
 53,757  
 -  
 -  
 21,881  
 75,638  
 -  
 (25,872) 
 -  
 -  
 (12,874) 
 (38,746) 
 -  
 (38,746) 
 36,892  
60 to 89 days 
 -  
 25,773  
 -  
 -  
 27,230  
 53,003  
 -  
 (13,183) 
 -  
 -  
 (18,353) 
 (31,536) 
 -  
 (31,536) 
 21,467  
>= 90 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 115,600  
 115,600  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (80,105) 
 (80,105) 
 -  
 (80,105) 
 35,495  
Subtotal 
 -  
 3,263,781  
 -  
 -  
 272,831  
 3,536,612  
 -   (158,957) 
 -  
 -  
 (164,848) 
 (323,805) 
 -  
 (323,805) 
 3,212,807  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL 
 24,073,197  
 20,007,861  
 1,410,253  
 553,464  
 900,183  
 46,944,958  
 (134,590) 
 (260,034) 
 (32,728) 
 (123,789) 
 (290,326) 
 (841,467) 
 (36,659) 
 (878,126) 
46,066,832  
 
As of December 31, 2021 
Financial assets before provisions 
Provisions constituted 
Net financial 
assets 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Total 
Regular Portfolio 
Substandard 
Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE 
Covid-19(i) 
Total 
Individual/group 
Individual 
Individual/group 
Individual/group 
Individual 
Individual/group 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
Assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to 
banks 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
0 days 
640,332 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
640,332 
(799) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
(799) 
 -  
(799) 
639,533 
1 to 29 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
30 to 59 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
60 to 89 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
>= 90 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
640,332 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
640,332 
(799) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
(799) 
 -  
(799) 
639,533 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Commercial loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0 days 
18,279,587 
4,896,147 
1,643,204 
320,398 
 161,608  
25,300,944 
(113,643) 
(38,488) 
(39,191) 
(68,417) 
(42,296) 
(302,035) 
(48,831) 
(350,866) 
24,950,078 
1 to 29 days 
1,262,319 
130,011 
90,857 
9,916 
 29,395  
1,522,498 
(6,024) 
(4,180) 
(4,982) 
(1,273) 
(8,156) 
(24,615) 
(208) 
(24,823) 
1,497,675 
30 to 59 days 
18,926 
16,620 
6,642 
11,738 
 15,660  
69,586 
(328) 
(1,347) 
(386) 
(2,591) 
(4,140) 
(8,792) 
(104) 
(8,896) 
60,690 
60 to 89 days 
16,149 
16,813 
4,758 
15,542 
 9,994  
63,256 
(229) 
(2,706) 
(1,277) 
(5,922) 
(2,824) 
(12,958) 
(80) 
(13,038) 
50,218 
>= 90 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
75,409 
 144,944  
220,353 
 -  
 -  
 -  
(40,053) 
(55,805) 
(95,858) 
(3,030) 
(92,828) 
127,525 
Subtotal 
19,576,981 
5,059,591 
1,745,461 
433,003 
 361,601  
27,176,637 
(120,224) 
(46,721) 
(45,836) 
(118,256) 
(113,221) 
(444,258) 
(46,193) 
(490,451) 
26,686,186 
  
Mortgage loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0 days 
 -  
10,278,384 
 -  
 -  
 120,475  
10,398,859 
 -  
(33,427) 
 -  
 -  
(7,557) 
(40,984) 
 -  
(40,984) 
10,357,875 
1 to 29 days 
 -  
154,642 
 -  
 -  
 37,915  
192,557 
 -  
(2,074) 
 -  
 -  
(1,956) 
(4,030) 
 -  
(4,030) 
188,527 
30 to 59 days 
 -  
39,795 
 -  
 -  
 22,420  
62,215 
 -  
(1,105) 
 -  
 -  
(1,587) 
(2,692) 
 -  
(2,692) 
59,523 
60 to 89 days 
 -  
14,756 
 -  
 -  
 12,567  
27,323 
 -  
(334) 
 -  
 -  
(667) 
(1,001) 
 -  
(1,001) 
26,322 
>= 90 days 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 70,710  
70,710 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
(3,902) 
(3,902) 
 -  
(3,902) 
66,808 
Subtotal 
 -  
10,487,577 
 -  
 -  
 264,087  
10,751,664 
 -  
(36,940) 
 -  
 -  
(15,669) 
(52,609) 
 -  
(52,609) 
10,699,055 
Consumer loans 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
0 days 
 -  
3,182,779 
 -  
 -  
 99,963  
3,282,742 
 -  
(80,990) 
 -  
 -  
(42,562) 
(123,552) 
 -  
(123,552) 
3,159,190 
1 to 29 days 
 -  
51,699 
 -  
 -  
 14,814  
66,513 
 -  
(8,957) 
 -  
 -  
(7,466) 
(16,423) 
 -  
(16,423) 
50,090 
30 to 59 days 
 -  
14,586 
 -  
 -  
 10,918  
25,504 
 -  
(4,838) 
 -  
 -  
(6,131) 
(10,969) 
 -  
(10,969) 
14,535 
60 to 89 days 
 -  
4,322 
 -  
 -  
 8,260  
12,582 
 -  
(1,775) 
 -  
 -  
(5,904) 
(7,679) 
 -  
(7,679) 
4,903 
>= 90 days 
 -  
0 
 -  
 -  
 43,449  
43,449 
 -  
(15,206) 
 -  
 -  
(33,823) 
(49,029) 
 -  
(49,029) 
(5,580) 
Subtotal 
 -  
3,253,386 
 -  
 -  
 177,404  
3,430,790 
 -  
(111,766) 
 -  
 -  
(95,886) 
(207,652) 
 -  
(207,652) 
3,223,138 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL 
20,217,313 
18,800,554 
1,745,461 
433,003 
 803,092  
41,999,423 
(121,023) 
(195,427) 
(45,836) 
(118,256) 
(224,776) 
(705,318) 
(46,193) 
(751,511) 
41,247,912 
 
 
 
F-324

--- Page 627 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 65 
The guarantees taken by the Bank to ensure the collection of the rights reflected in its loan’s portfolio correspond to the type of mortgages, pledges 
on movable and real estate assets, warrants and trade and commercial financial instruments. 
The Bank finances the acquisition of goods to its customers, both movable and real estate, through finance lease agreements between 1 and 10 years 
depending on each contract, which are presented in the caption lease operations. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, approximately MCh$609,754 
and MCh$582,875, respectively, correspond to finance leases on personal property, and MCh$774,021 and MCh$981,303, respectively, to finance 
leases on real estate. 
The detail of the reconciliation between the gross investment and the present value of the minimum collections as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, 
is as follows: 
Net balance receivable 
As of December 
31, 2022 
As of December 
31, 2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Gross finance lease 
1,597,939 
 1,747,359 
Unaccrued finance income 
(214,164) 
 (183,181) 
Net finance lease 
1,383,775 
 1,564,178  
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the cash flows receivable by the Bank from finance lease agreements due to expiration are as follows: 
Net balance receivable 
As of December 
31, 2022 
As of December 
31, 2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
On-demand 
           -  
-  
Up to a month 
 181,837 
34,739 
More than 1 month to 3 months 
 175,167 
109,577 
More than 3e months to 1 year 
 288,009 
348,672 
More than 1 year to 3 years 
 291,959 
540,317 
More than 3 years to 5 years 
 184,310 
235,275 
More than 5 years 
 262,493 
295,598 
Total 
 1,383,775 
1,564,178 
There is no evidence of impairment for finance lease agreements entered into by the Bank. 
The Bank has obtained financial assets corresponding to real estate for a value of Ch$8,913 million for the period 2022 and Ch$7,090 million for the 
period 2021 through the execution of guarantees or dations in payment of collateral. 
F-325

--- Page 628 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 66 
NOTE 14 – INVESTMENTS IN COMPANIES 
a)
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 , the main investments in companies and joint ventures are detailed below:
December 31, 2022 
December 31, 2021 
Equity 
Ownership 
interest 
Investment value 
Equity 
Ownership 
interest 
Investment value 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
Investments in associates 
Redbanc S.A. 
 11,368  
12.71 
 1,445  
 9,935  
12.71 
 1,263  
Combanc S.A. 
 7,354  
13.3 
 978  
 6,638  
13.3 
 883  
Transbank S.A. 
 110,929  
8.72 
 9,672  
 84,898  
8.72 
 7,402  
Nexus S.A. (*) 
 -  
-  
 -  
 11,471  
14.81 
 1,699  
Servicio de Infraestructura de Mercado OTC S.A. 
 13,222  
13.61 
 1,800  
 12,508  
13.61 
 1,702  
AFT S.A. 
 20,626  
20 
 4,125  
 19,158  
20 
 3,832  
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
 15,047  
33.33 
 5,015  
 10,728  
33.33 
 3,576  
Sociedad Interbancaria de Depósitos de Valores S.A. 
 7,255  
7.03 
 510  
 6,317  
7.03 
 444  
Pagos y servicios S.A. 
 5,126  
49.9 
 2,558  
 892  
49.9 
 445  
Minority investments 
Shares in SWIFT  
- 
- 
 56  
- 
- 
 56  
Shares in BLADEX  
- 
- 
 803  
- 
- 
 758  
Shares FHLB and FRB 
- 
- 
 140,616  
- 
- 
82,112  
Other shares 
- 
- 
 11  
- 
- 
 2,514  
Investments in joint ventures 
Servipag Ltda. 
 13,662  
50.00 
 6,831  
 14,930  
50.00 
 7,465  
Artikos Chile S.A. 
 2,632  
50.00 
 1,316  
 2,527  
50.00 
 1,263  
Total 
 207,221  
 175,736  
 180,002  
115,414  
(*) On September 30, 2022, the Bank sold its entire interest in Nexus S.A., for further details see note 5 d). 
b)
Changes in investments in companies as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, are as follows:
December 31, 
December 31, 
2022 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 
 115,414  
109,057 
Acquisition of investments (*) 
 55,990 
2,395 
Translation adjustment 
 -  
- 
Equity in profit or loss 
 7,404  
2,290 
Sale of investments in companies 
 (1,319) 
- 
Dividend received 
 (3,668) 
(710) 
Adjustment of provision for minimum dividend and 
results 
 (20) 
- 
Provision for minimum dividend  
 (615) 
(506) 
Capital increase adjustment 
 3,003  
2,888 
Regulatory adjustment 
 -  
- 
MTM shares 
 (453) 
- 
Total 
 175,736  
115,414 
(*) Relate to shares recorded at cost recognized by the subsidiary BCI Financial Group, INC., and Subsidiaries in its Consolidated Statements of Financial Position for shares to be 
acquired by City National Bank of Florida (CNB) from the Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) and the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB), in order to participate in the funding provided by these 
U.S. government agencies to banks established in the State of Florida. 
December 31, 2022 
% Ownership 
Current assets 
Non-current 
assets 
Current 
liabilities 
Non-current 
liabilities 
Operating 
income 
Operating 
expenses 
Net income 
(loss) 
Associate or joint venture 
% 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Redbanc S.A. 
12.71 
14,459  
     16,058  
17,595  
1,554  
51,851  
(50,155)  
          1,711  
Combanc S.A. 
13.3 
6,647  
    1,711  
1,004  
        -  
          4,551  
    (4,279)  
         930  
Transbank S.A. 
8.72 
1,361,361  
    136,846  
1,385,851  
1,427  
967,824  
(937,022)  
 26,031  
Servicio de Infraestructura de Mercado OTC S.A. 
13.61 
31,105  
 4,459  
   20,672  
    1,670  
       8,882  
(8,412) 
    874  
Administrador Financiero del Transantiago S.A. 
    20.00  
       59,946  
   793  
40,113  
        -  
  6,774  
 (2,263)  
   4,021  
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
33.33 
      8,954  
         10,388  
3,986  
     309  
       7,516  
(2,613)  
           4,702  
Sociedad Interbancaria de Depósitos de Valores S.A. 
7.03 
   81  
        7,636  
          463  
       -  
           17  
 (49)  
   1,508  
Pagos y servicios S.A. 
49.90 
6,196 
9,757 
3,185 
7,389 
2,465 
(4,393) 
(1,335) 
Servipag Ltda. 
50.00 
76,085  
       14,606  
73,923  
    3,105  
     40,404  
(36,347)  
   3,732  
Artikos Chile S.A. 
50.00 
2,541  
       1,984  
1,326  
      567  
5,559  
(3,904)  
         1,361  
December 31, 2021 
% Ownership 
Current assets 
Non-current 
assets 
Current 
liabilities 
Non-current 
liabilities 
Operating 
income 
Operating 
expenses 
Net income 
(loss) 
Associate or joint venture 
% 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Redbanc S.A. 
12.71 
 12,006  
 16,404  
 13,490  
 4,985  
 43,179  
 (41,066) 
 1,413  
Combanc S.A. 
13.3 
 5,259  
 2,310  
 836  
 95  
 3,898  
 (3,653) 
 392  
Transbank S.A. 
8.72 
 1,198,729  
 118,858  
 1,230,001  
 2,688  
 821,362  
 (757,773) 
 (12,439)  
Nexus S.A. 
14.81 
 14,607  
 6,537  
 8,936  
 737  
 46,655  
 (42,322) 
 3,161  
Servicio de Infraestructura de Mercado OTC S.A. 
13.61 
 27,628  
 8,013  
 21,179  
 1,844  
 7,210  
 (6,864) 
 372  
Administrador Financiero del Transantiago S.A. 
20 
 53,724  
 711  
 35,278  
 -  
 4,032  
 (2,181) 
 1,925  
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
33.33 
 10,501  
 2,746  
 2,126  
 393  
 5,675  
 (2,377) 
 2,628  
Sociedad Interbancaria de Depósitos de Valores S.A. 
7.03 
 108  
 6,567  
 358  
 -  
 9  
 (43) 
 1,175  
Pagos y servicios S.A. 
49.9 
 1,698  
 9,115  
 3,859  
 6,061  
 159  
 (1,548) 
(1,708)  
Servipag Ltda. 
50.00 
 65,193  
 15,721  
 61,145  
 4,840  
 39,309 
 (37,047) 
 1,662  
Artikos Chile S.A. 
50.00 
 2,067  
 2,277  
 1,167  
 651 
 4,814  
(3,468) 
 1,211  
F-326

--- Page 629 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 67 
NOTE 15 – INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
a)
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, intangible assets are as follows:
December 31, 2022 
 
Average years of 
useful life 
Average years of 
remaining useful life 
Gross Balance 
Accumulated amortization 
Net Balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Goodwill from business combination 
- 
- 
 155,234  
 -  
 155,234  
Other intangible assets arising from business combinations: 
Customer relationships 
10 
7 
 34,890  
 (17,103) 
 17,787  
Core deposits 
8 
2 
 106,063  
 (86,366) 
 19,697  
Right to use trademarks 
10 
7 
 20,405  
 (2,090) 
 18,315  
Right to use channels 
10 
7 
 2,538  
 (1,508) 
 1,030  
Contract for collection of services 
- 
- 
 8,508  
 (3,474) 
 5,034  
Mortgage loans servicing rights 
- 
- 
 552  
 (136) 
 416  
Other intangibles 
11 
7 
 9,053  
 (3,645) 
 5,408  
Other independently generated intangible assets 
Software or computer programs purchased independently 
6 
5 
 382,283  
 (267,674) 
 114,609  
Software or computer programs generated internally 
6 
5 
 85,763  
 (12,306) 
 73,457  
Mortgage loans servicing rights 
- 
- 
 -  
-  
 -  
Other intangible assets 
- 
- 
 22  
 -  
 22  
Total 
 805,311  
 (394,302) 
 411,009  
December 31, 2021 
Average years of 
useful life 
Average years of 
remaining useful life 
Gross Balance 
Accumulated amortization 
Net Balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Goodwill from business combination 
- 
- 
176,582 
- 
176,582 
Other intangible assets arising from business combinations: 
Customer relationships 
10 
7 
34,890 
(13,921) 
20,969 
Core deposits 
8 
2 
106,706 
(71,121) 
35,585 
Right to use trademarks 
10 
7 
20,498 
(1,578) 
18,920 
Right to use channels 
10 
7 
2,538 
(1,254) 
1,284 
Contract for collection of services 
- 
- 
8,508 
(2,623) 
5,885 
Mortgage loans servicing rights 
- 
- 
2,697 
(775) 
1,922 
Other intangibles 
11 
7 
9,089 
(2,984) 
6,105 
Other independently generated intangible assets 
Software or computer programs purchased independently 
6 
5 
380,093 
(229,812) 
150,281 
Software or computer programs generated internally 
6 
5 
33,388 
(10,008) 
23,380 
Mortgage loans servicing rights 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other intangible assets 
- 
- 
45 
- 
45 
Total 
775,034 
(334,076) 
440,958 
b)
Changes in intangible assets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, are as follows:
Other intangibles arising from business combinations 
Other independently generated intangible assets 
Goodwill 
from 
business 
combination 
Customer 
relationships 
Stable 
deposits 
Right to 
use 
trademarks 
Right to 
use 
channels 
Contract 
for 
collection 
of services 
Mortgage 
loans 
servicing 
rights 
Other 
intangible 
assets 
Software or 
computer 
programs 
purchased 
independently 
Software or 
computer 
programs 
generated 
internally 
Mortgage 
loans 
servicing 
rights 
Other 
intangible 
assets 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2022 
 176,582  
 34,890   106,706  
 20,498  
 2,538  
 8,508  
 2,697  
 9,089  
 380,093  
 33,388  
 -
 45 
 775,034  
Acquisitions 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 (16) 
 -
 11,875 
 60,098  
 -
-
 71,957  
Derecognition / disposal 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 (8,380)
 (915) 
 -  
 (23) 
 (9,318)
Transfers 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 (1,941)
 (6,241) 
 -
-
 (8,182)
Exchange rate variation 
 (906) 
 -  
 (643)
 (93) 
 -  
-  
 (2,129) 
 (36) 
 636 
 -  
-  
 -  
 (3,171)
Goodwill remeasurement 
 -  
-  
 -
-
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Other 
 -  
-  
 -
-
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Impairment (*) 
 (20,442) 
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 (567) 
 -  
-  
 (21,009) 
Gross balance as of December 31, 2022 
 155,234  
 34,890  
106,063  
 20,405  
 2,538  
 8,508  
 552  
 9,053  
 382,283  
 85,763  
 -
 22 
 805,311  
 -
Amortization for the period 
 -
 (3,183) 
 (15,245)
 (512)
 (254)
 (851)
 5 
 (660)
 (40,126)
 (2,298) 
 -
-
 (63,124) 
Amortization accumulated at the beginning of 
the period 
 -
 (13,921) 
 (71,121)
 (1,578) 
 (1,254) 
 (2,623) 
 (775)
 (2,983)
 (229,810) 
 (10,008) 
 -
-  
 (334,073) 
Derecognition / disposal 
 -  
 -  
 -
-  
 -  
-  
 634  
 -
 2,196 
 -  
-  
 -  
 2,830  
Transfers 
 -  
 -  
 -
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 65  
 -  
-  
 -  
 65  
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
-  
 -  
Total amortization and accumulated impairment 
 -
 (17,104) 
 (86,366)
 (2,090) 
 (1,508) 
 (3,474) 
 (136)
 (3,643)
 (267,675) 
 (12,306) 
 -  
-  
 (394,302) 
 -  
Net balance as of December 31, 2022 
 155,234  
 17,786  
 19,697  
 18,315  
 1,030  
 5,034  
 416  
 5,410  
 114,608  
 73,457  
 -
 22 
 411,009  
(*) Impairment of goodwill in the Financial Services CGU of MCh$20,442 and impairment of intangible assets due to obsolescence of internally generated software of MCh$567.
F-327

--- Page 630 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 68 
 
 
  
  
Other intangibles arising from business combinations 
Other independently generated intangible assets 
  
Goodwill 
from 
business 
combination 
Customer 
relationships 
Stable 
deposits 
Right to use 
trademarks 
Right to 
use 
channels 
Contract for 
collection of 
services 
Mortgage 
loans 
servicing 
rights 
Other 
intangible 
assets 
Software or 
computer programs 
purchased 
independently 
Software or 
computer 
programs 
generated 
internally 
Mortgage 
loans 
servicing 
rights 
Other 
intangible 
assets 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2021 
151,512 
34,890 
44,486 
17,930 
2,538 
8,508 
- 
36,025 
316,312 
27,014 
               - 
67 
639,282 
Acquisitions 
2,981 
- 
53,306 
- 
- 
- 
2,697 
2,461   
27,183 
47,337 
-   
- 
135,965 
Derecognition / disposal 
 (688) 
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
(35,780)  
 (1,052)  
(835) 
-  
             (22)  
(38,377) 
Transfers 
   -  
-  
-  
-  
           -  
-  
-  
-  
34,542 
(40,128)  
-  
                     -  
(5,586) 
Exchange rate variation 
22,777 
-  
8,914 
2,568 
-  
-  
- 
6,383 
3,108 
-  
-  
                     -  
43,750 
Goodwill remeasurement 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
                     -  
              -  
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Impairment 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Gross balance as of December 31, 2021 
176,582 
34,890 
106,706 
20,498 
2,538 
8,508 
2,697 
9,089 
380,093 
33,388 
         -  
45 
775,034 
  
Amortization for the period 
-  
(3,731) 
(39,113) 
(512) 
(254) 
(851) 
(775) 
(4,593) 
(37,579) 
(1,777) 
-  
                     -  
(89,185) 
Amortization accumulated at the beginning of the 
period   
-  
(10,190) 
(18,869) 
(1,066) 
(1,000) 
(1,772) 
-  
(11,530) 
(191,349) 
(8,231) 
-  
                     -  
(244,007) 
Derecognition / disposal 
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
-  
57  
-  
-  
-  
57  
Transfers 
- 
- 
(13,139) 
- 
- 
- 
-  
13,139 
221 
-  
- 
- 
221 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
- 
(1,162) 
-  
- 
- 
(1,162) 
Impairment 
-  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
- 
- 
-  
- 
- 
- 
Total amortization and accumulated impairment 
   
-  
(13,921) 
(71,121) 
(1,578) 
(1,254) 
(2,623) 
(775) 
(2,984) 
(229,812) 
(10,008) 
   
-  
                     -  
(334,076) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Net balance as of December 31, 2021 
176,582 
20,969 
35,585 
18,920 
1,284 
5,885 
1,922 
6,105 
150,281 
23,380 
            -  
45 
440,958 
 
d) Impairment 
 
The Bank assesses, at the end of each reporting period, whether there is any indication of impairment in the value of any amortizable and non-
amortizable assets. If such indication exists, or when an impairment testing is required, the Bank estimates the recoverable amount of the asset. 
 
As of December 31, 2022, the Bank recorded two impacts related to impairment of intangible assets, the first impairment related to obsolescence of 
internally generated software of MCh$567 and the second impairment related to the Financial Services CGU. As described in Note 5 "Significant 
events", the Bank's Management estimated the recoverable amount of its Financial Services CGU that records balances in intangible assets, resulting 
in the recognition of an impairment loss associated to the goodwill assigned to this CGU of MCh$20,442. For further information, see note 40. 
F-328

--- Page 631 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 69 
NOTE 16 – PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 
a)
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, property and equipment are detailed as follows:
December 31, 2022 
Concept 
Average years of 
useful life 
Average years of 
remaining useful life 
Closing gross balance 
Accumulated depreciation 
Closing net balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Buildings and land 
36 
28 
 245,329  
 (49,066) 
 196,263  
Other property and equipment 
6 
5 
 203,319  
 (150,477) 
 52,842  
Total 
 448,648  
 (199,543) 
 249,105  
 December 31, 2021 
Concept 
Average years of 
useful life 
Average years of 
remaining useful life 
Closing gross balance 
Accumulated depreciation 
Closing net balance 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Buildings and land 
36 
29 
243,378 
(46,442) 
196,936 
Other property and equipment 
6 
5 
194,292 
(138,494) 
55,798 
Total 
437,670 
(184,936) 
252,734 
b)
Changes in property and equipment as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, are as follows:
Buildings and land 
Other property and 
equipment 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance at January 1, 2022 
       243,378  
        194,292  
       437,670  
Acquisitions 
 650  
 18,352  
 19,002  
Derecognition/disposal 
 (1,460) 
 (9,319) 
 (10,779) 
Transfers 
 3,060  
 99  
 3,159  
Other 
 (299) 
 (105) 
 (404) 
Impairment 
 -  
-  
 -  
Gross balance as of December 31, 2022 
 245,329  
 203,319  
 448,648  
Depreciation for the year 
 (3,076) 
 (21,417) 
 (24,493) 
Derecognition/disposal 
 430  
 5,381  
 5,811  
Transfers 
 -  
-  
 -  
Accumulated depreciation 
 (46,442) 
 (138,494) 
 (184,936) 
Other 
 22  
 4,053  
 4,075  
Impairment 
 -  
-  
 -  
Total accumulated depreciation 
 (49,066) 
 (150,477) 
 (199,543) 
Net balance as of December 31, 2022 
 196,263  
 52,842  
 249,105  
Buildings and land 
Other property and 
equipment 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance at January 1, 2021 
235,658 
182,442 
418,100 
Acquisitions 
193 
15,093 
15,286 
Derecognition/disposal 
(2,529) 
(9,085) 
(11,614) 
Transfers 
1,587 
1,877 
3,464 
Other 
8,469 
3,988 
12,457 
Impairment 
- 
(23) 
(23) 
Gross balance as of December 31, 2021 
243,378 
194,292 
437,670 
Depreciation for the year 
(4,057) 
(20,315) 
(24,372) 
Derecognition/disposal 
425 
4,186 
4,611 
Transfers 
- 
- 
- 
Accumulated depreciation 
(43,305) 
(123,578) 
(166,883) 
Other 
495 
1,213 
1,708 
Impairment 
- 
- 
- 
Total accumulated depreciation 
(46,442) 
(138,494) 
(184,936) 
Net balance as of December 31, 2021 
196,936 
55,798 
252,734 
The Bank has no restrictions on property and equipment as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. Additionally, property and equipment have not been 
pledged as collateral for the fulfillment of obligations. On the other hand, there are no amounts owed on property and equipment by the Bank as of 
the same dates. 
F-329

--- Page 632 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 70 
 
NOTE 17 – RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS AND LEASE LIABILITIES 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, this caption is detailed as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 2022 
Concept 
Average years of useful 
life 
Average years of 
remaining useful life 
Closing gross balance 
Accumulated depreciation 
Closing net balance 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Buildings and land 
 10  
 8  
 199,378  
 (68,907) 
 130,471  
Leasehold improvements 
 9  
 6  
 68,772  
 (46,357) 
 22,415  
Other property and equipment 
 -  
 -  
-  
                                  -  
                      -  
Other intangible assets 
 -  
 -  
                      -  
                                  -  
                      -  
Total 
 268,150  
 (115,264) 
 152,886  
 
  
December 31, 2021 
Concept 
Average years of useful 
life 
Average years of 
remaining useful life 
Closing gross balance 
Accumulated depreciation 
Closing net balance 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Buildings and land 
10 
9 
223,152 
(55,229) 
167,923 
Leasehold improvements 
9 
7 
69,646 
(48,543) 
21,103 
Other property and equipment 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Other intangible assets 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
292,798 
(103,772) 
189,026 
 
b) Changes in right-of-use assets as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, are as follows: 
 
  
Buildings and land 
Leasehold improvements 
Other property and equipment 
Other intangible assets 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance January 1, 2022 
 223,152  
 69,646  
 -  
 -  
 292,798  
Acquisitions 
 35,175  
 4,777  
 -  
 -  
 39,952  
Derecognition/disposal 
 (62,299) 
 (7,505) 
 -  
 -  
 (69,804) 
Transfers 
 3,740  
 1,949  
 -  
 -  
 5,689  
Other 
 (390) 
 (95) 
 -  
 -  
 (485) 
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Gross balance as of December 31, 2022 
 199,378  
 68,772  
 -  
 -  
 268,150  
  
Depreciation for the period 
 (19,874) 
 (4,624) 
 -  
 -  
 (24,498) 
Derecognition/disposal 
 10,376  
 6,780  
 -  
 -  
 17,156  
Transfers 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Accumulated depreciation 
 (55,230) 
 (48,543) 
 -  
 -  
 (103,773) 
Other 
 (4,179) 
 30  
 -  
 -  
 (4,149) 
Impairment 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total accumulated depreciation 
 (68,907) 
 (46,357) 
 -  
 -  
 (115,264) 
Net balance as of December 31, 2022 
 130,471  
 22,415  
 -  
 -  
 152,886  
 
  
Buildings and land 
Leasehold improvements 
Other property and equipment 
Other intangible assets 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance January 1, 2021 
219,662 
69,166 
                                                       -  
                                                  -  
288,828 
Acquisitions 
42,769 
1,419 
                                                       -  
                                                  -  
44,188 
Derecognition/disposal 
(51,756) 
(3,423) 
                                                       -  
                                                  -  
(55,179) 
Transfers 
                                                          -  
                                                          -  
                                                       -  
                                                  -  
                             -  
Other 
12,477 
2,484 
                                                       -  
                                                  -  
14,961 
Impairment 
                                                          -  
                                                          -  
                                                       -  
                                                  -  
                             -  
Gross balance as of December 31, 2021 
                                             223,152  
                                               69,646  
                                                     -  
                                                -  
                292,798  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Depreciation for the period 
(21,780) 
(1,445) 
                                                       -  
                                                  -  
(23,225) 
Derecognition/disposal 
8,831 
108 
                                                       -  
                                                  -  
8,939 
Transfers 
                                                          -  
                                                          -  
                                                       -  
                                                  -  
                             -  
Accumulated depreciation 
(37,373) 
(46,647) 
                                                       -  
                                                  -  
(84,020) 
Other 
(4,907) 
(559) 
                                                       -  
                                                  -  
(5,466) 
Impairment 
                                                          -  
                                                          -  
                                                       -  
                                                  -  
                             -  
Total accumulated depreciation 
(55,229) 
(48,543) 
                                                       -  
                                               -  
(103,772) 
Net balance as of December 31, 2021 
167,923 
21,103 
                                                       -  
                                               -  
189,026 
 
c) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, lease liabilities are as follows: 
 
  
 December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
  
2022 
2021 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Lease liabilities 
136,448 
173,726 
186,293 
Total 
136,448 
173,726 
186,293 
 
d) Lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 : 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
  
2022 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Depreciation 
                      24,498  
23,225 
Interests 
                         2,897  
3,348 
Short-term leases 
                                  -  
- 
Total 
27,395 
26,573 
 
 
 
F-330

--- Page 633 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 71 
 
e) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the expenses related to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
  
2022 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Contract maturity 
  
  
On demand 
-  
-  
Up to one month 
1,933 
1,986 
From 1 to 3 months 
4,765 
5,016 
From 3 months to 1 years 
20,395 
14,478 
Between 1 and 3 years 
56,168 
55,195 
From 3 to 5 years 
48,169 
49,508 
More than 5 years 
5,018 
47,543 
Total 
136,448 
173,726 
 
f) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the bank does not maintain future minimum lease payments to be received for non-cancellable operating 
leases. 
 
 
 
F-331

--- Page 634 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 72 
 
NOTE 18 – CURRENT TAXES AND DEFERRED TAXES 
 
a. 
Current tax 
 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Bank has recorded provisions for Corporate Income Tax and Tax under Article No. 21 of the Income Law, 
based on current legal tax provisions, recording a recording a current tax asset of ThCh$120,573 as of December 31, 2022 (liability of Ch$121,963 
million as of December 31, 2021). Such provisions are presented net of recoverable taxes, as detailed below: 
 
  
  
Legal fees per jurisdiction 
2022 
2021 
Chile 
27.00% 
27.00% 
United States 
21.00% 
21.00% 
Peru 
29.50% 
29.50% 
 
  
  
  
December 31,  
December 31, 
January 1, 
2022 
2021 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Current tax assets 
138,066 
19,572 
36,270 
Current tax (liabilities) 
(17,493) 
(141,535) 
(9,073) 
Total assets (liabilities) 
120,573 
(121,963) 
27,197 
 
December 31, 2022 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
  
  
 
 
Income tax (27% tax rate) 
(133,310) 
(74,794) 
15 
(208,089) 
Previous year provision 
                           -  
-  
- 
- 
Provision for 40% of single tax 
(290) 
- 
- 
(290) 
  
  
 
 
Less 
  
 
 
Monthly provisional payments 
250,537 
59,107 
- 
309,644 
Tax credit for training expenses 
2,442 
- 
- 
2,442 
Credit for acquisition of property and equipment 
11 
- 
- 
11 
Credit for donations 
1,394 
- 
- 
1,394 
Income tax recoverable 
11,289 
- 
143 
11,432 
Other taxes and withholdings recoverable 
4,703 
(674) 
- 
4,029 
Total 
136,776 
(16,361) 
158 
120,573 
 
December 31, 2021 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
  
  
 
 
Income tax (27% tax rate) 
(241,691) 
(65,601) 
(8) 
(307,300) 
Previous year provision 
                           -  
-  
- 
- 
Provision for 40% of single tax 
(212) 
- 
- 
(212) 
  
  
 
 
Less 
  
 
 
Monthly provisional payments 
92,121 
78,050 
- 
170,171 
Tax credit for training expenses 
2,286 
- 
- 
2,286 
Credit for acquisition of property and equipment 
118 
- 
- 
118 
Credit for donations 
1,138 
- 
- 
1,138 
Income tax recoverable 
9,478 
- 
- 
9,478 
Other taxes and withholdings recoverable 
2,358 
- 
- 
2,358 
Total 
(134,404) 
12,449 
(8) 
(121,963) 
 
January 1, 2021 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
  
  
 
 
Income tax (27% tax rate) 
 (81,698) 
 (34,602) 
 -  
 (116,300) 
Previous year provision 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Provision for 40% of single tax 
 (251) 
 -  
 -  
 (251) 
  
  
 
 
Less 
  
 
 
Monthly provisional payments 
 95,700  
 28,272  
 -  
 123,972  
Tax credit for training expenses 
 2,104  
 -  
 -  
 2,104  
Credit for acquisition of property and equipment 
 128  
 -  
 -  
 128  
Credit for donations 
 2,064  
 -  
 -  
 2,064  
Income tax recoverable 
 12,723  
 -  
 -  
 12,723  
Other taxes and withholdings recoverable 
 2,757  
 -  
 -  
 2,757  
Total 
 33,527  
 (6,330) 
 -  
 27,197  
 
 
 
F-332

--- Page 635 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 73 
 
The following is the detail of the net current tax, both by economic entity and by geographical unit, in accordance with the provisions of IAS 12: 
 
  
December 31, 2022 
  
Chile 
Florida 
Peru 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Current tax asset 
137,908 
- 
158 
138,066 
Current tax liability 
(1,132) 
(16,361) 
- 
(17,493) 
Net total 
136,776 
(16,361) 
158 
120,573 
 
  
December 31, 2021 
  
Chile 
Florida 
Peru 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Current tax asset 
7,123 
12,449 
- 
19,572 
Current tax liability 
(141,527) 
- 
(8) 
(141,535) 
Net total 
(134,404) 
12,449 
(8) 
(121,963) 
 
  
January 1, 2021 
  
Chile 
Florida 
Peru 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Current tax asset 
 36,270  
 -  
 -  
 36,270  
Current tax liability 
 (2,743) 
 (6,330) 
 -  
 (9,073) 
Net total 
 33,527  
 (6,330) 
 -  
27,197 
 
b. 
Income tax  
 
The effect of tax expenditure for the periods between January 1 and December 31, 2022 and 2021, is comprised of the following: 
 
  
  
  
December 31, 2022 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Income tax expense: 
  
  
 
 
Current year tax 
(133,310) 
(61,713) 
9 
(195,014) 
Surplus/ deficit in previous year provision 
(6,039) 
- 
(1) 
(6,040) 
  
 
 
 
 
Deferred tax credit (debit): 
  
 
 
Origination and reversal of temporary differences 
107,532 
1,695 
1,183 
110,410 
  
  
 
 
Subtotal 
(31,817) 
(60,018) 
1,191 
(90,644) 
  
  
 
 
Tax for non-deductible expenses under Article 21 
(235) 
- 
- 
(235) 
Net income tax debit (credit) to profit or loss  
(32,052) 
(60,018) 
1,191 
(90,879) 
 
  
  
  
December 31, 2021 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Income tax expense: 
  
  
 
 
Current year tax 
(241,668) 
(78,799) 
(9) 
(320,476) 
Surplus/ deficit in previous year provision 
3,494 
- 
- 
3,494 
  
 
 
 
 
Deferred tax credit (debit): 
  
 
 
Origination and reversal of temporary differences 
98,658 
16,664 
388 
115,710 
  
  
 
 
Subtotal 
(139,516) 
(62,135) 
379 
(201,272) 
  
  
 
 
Tax for non-deductible expenses under Article 21 
(212) 
- 
- 
(212) 
Net income tax debit (credit) to profit or loss  
(139,728) 
(62,135) 
379 
(201,484) 
 
c. 
Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation 
 
The following is the reconciliation between the income tax rate and the effective rate applied in determining the tax expense as of December 31, 
2022, and 2021: 
 
  
  
  
  
December 31,  
2022 
2021 
Tax rate 
Amount 
Tax rate 
Amount 
% 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
Profit before tax 
911,903 
722,030 
Tax at the prevailing tax rate 
27.00% 
246,214 
27.00% 
194,948 
  
  
  
  
  
Tax effect of non-deductible expenses when calculating taxable income: 
  
  
  
  
Currency correction BCI Financial Group (1) 
0.50% 
 4,575  
7.59% 
 54,776  
U.S. and Peru rate differences (2) 
(2.82%) 
 (25,680)  
(2.35%) 
 (16,970)  
Government tax 
0.64% 
 5,859  
1.35% 
 9,779  
Equity price-level restatement 
(19.66%) 
 (179,305)  
(10.37%) 
 (74,894)  
One-time tax (disallowed expenses) 
0.03% 
 237  
0.03% 
 212  
Prior years' taxes 
0.66% 
 6,005  
(0.48%) 
 (3,485)  
Bonds 104 LIR (3) 
0.03% 
 233  
4.86% 
 35,075  
Single tax art. 107 LIR 
(0.01%) 
 (81)  
0.00% 
 -  
Price-level restatement of investments 
0.81% 
 7,421  
0.55% 
 3,948  
Amortization and impairment of goodwill 
0.82% 
 7,454  
0.28% 
 2,003  
MTM derivatives Miami (4) 
2.56% 
 23,300  
1.11% 
 8,031  
Other results not subject to taxes 
(0.62%) 
 (5,682)  
(1.38%) 
 (9,962)  
Other permanent differences 
0.04% 
 329  
(0.27%) 
 (1,977)  
Effective rate and income tax expense 
9.98% 
90,879 
27.92% 
201,484 
 
(1) The investment that BCI maintains in the US (BCI Financial Group) for tax purposes in Chile is adjusted for changes in the exchange rate (US 
dollar), which is subject to the Corporate Income Tax. The impact of such adjustment as of December 31, 2022, is a tax expense of Ch$4,575 
million, while as of December 31, 2021, this effect corresponded to tax expense of Ch$54,776 million. 
(2) The legal tax rate in Chile is 27%, while in the US the tax rate is 25.345% (federal tax of 21% and state tax of 5.5%). Therefore, with respect to 
part of BCI’s consolidated profit (CNB, Miami Branch and BCI Securities) there is a tax saving associated with the difference in tax rates in force 
at different jurisdictions. 
 
F-333

--- Page 636 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 74 
 
(3) This amount relates to state bonds under article 104 of the Income Tax Law (LIR) registered in the Bank's trading portfolio, which are subject 
to the Tax-Free Income regime. 
 
(4) BCI Miami Branch records an accounting hedge that covers the investment market variation of its bond investment portfolio. For Chilean tax 
purposes, the MTM of such bonds is not computable for the payment of the Parent’s taxes. 
 
The reconciliation between the income tax rate and the effective rate separated by geographic unit in the countries where BCI has operations is shown 
below. 
 
  
  
  
  
December 31, 2022 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Tax rate 
Amount 
Tax rate 
Amount 
Tax rate 
Amount 
% 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
Profit before tax 
 560,483  
 357,248  
 
(5,828)  
Tax at the prevailing tax rate 
27.00% 
 151,330  
27.00% 
 96,457  
27.00% 
 (1,574)  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
Tax effect of non-deductible expenses when calculating taxable income: 
  
  
  
  
 
 
Price-level restatement BCI Financial Group 
0.82% 
 4,575  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Price-level restatement of equity 
(31.99%) 
(179,305)  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Single tax (disallowed expenses) 
0.04% 
 237  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Single tax (Art. 107° LIR) 
(0.02%) 
(81)  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Prior years' tax 
2.55% 
 14,292  
(2.32%) 
(8,288)  
0.00% 
 -  
Bonds 104 LIR 
0.04% 
 233  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
State tax  
0.00% 
 -  
1.64% 
 5,859  
0.00% 
 -  
U.S. and Peru rate change 
0.00% 
 -  
(7.15%) 
 (25,535)  
2.50% 
(146)  
Price-level restatement of investments 
1.32% 
 7,421  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Amortization and impairment of goodwill 
1.33% 
 7,454  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
MTM derivatives Miami  
4.16% 
 23,300  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Other results not subject to taxes 
(0.52%) 
 (2,904)  
(0.78%) 
 (2,778)  
0.00% 
 -  
Other permanent differences 
0.98% 
 5,502  
(1.60%) 
(5,697)  
(9.05%) 
 529  
Effective rate and income tax expense 
5.71% 
32,054 
16.79% 
60,018 
20.45% 
(1,191) 
 
  
  
  
  
December 31, 2021 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Tax rate 
Amount 
Tax rate 
Amount 
Tax rate 
Amount 
% 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
Profit before tax 
 441,359  
 282,192  
 
 (1,521)  
Tax at the prevailing tax rate 
27.00% 
 119,167  
27.00% 
 76,192  
27.00% 
(411)  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
Tax effect of non-deductible expenses when calculating taxable income: 
  
  
  
  
 
 
Price-level restatement BCI Financial Group 
12.41% 
 54,776  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Price-level restatement of equity 
(16.97%) 
 (74,894)  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Single tax (disallowed expenses) 
0.05% 
 212  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Single tax (Art. 107° LIR) 
(0.79%) 
 (3,485)  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Prior years' tax 
7.95% 
 35,075  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Bonds 104 LIR 
0.00% 
 -  
3.47% 
 9,779  
0.00% 
 -  
State tax  
0.00% 
 -  
(6.00%) 
 (16,932)  
2.50% 
(38)  
U.S. and Peru rate change 
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Price-level restatement of investments 
0.89% 
 3,948  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Amortization and impairment of goodwill 
0.45% 
 2,003  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
MTM derivatives Miami  
1.82% 
 8,031  
0.00% 
 -  
0.00% 
 -  
Other results not subject to taxes 
(0.22%) 
(989)  
(3.18%) 
 (8,973)  
0.00% 
 -  
Other permanent differences 
(0.93%) 
 (4,116)  
0.73% 
 2,069  
(4.56%) 
 70  
Effective rate and income tax expense 
31.66% 
139,728 
22.02% 
62,135 
24.94% 
(379) 
 
d. 
Effect of deferred taxes in equity 
 
The deferred tax that has been recognized as a debit to equity as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, is comprised of the following: 
 
  
  
  
  
Accumulated balances 
Credit (debit) to profit or loss 
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
2022 
2021 
2021 
2022 
2021 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial investments available for sale 
 18,413  
 10,841  
 (7,036) 
 7,572  
 17,878  
 (3,343) 
Investments for Cash Flow Hedge 
 (38,045) 
 (47,800) 
 47,599  
 9,755 
 (95,399) 
 51,292  
Other deferred tax credit (debit) on equity  
 136,879  
 -  
- 
 136,933  
 -  
 
Deferred tax credit (debit on equity 
 117,247  
 (36,959) 
40,563 
 154,260  
 (77,521) 
47,949 
 
e. 
Deferred tax effect 
 
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank has recorded the effects of deferred taxes in accordance with IAS 12 in its Consolidated Financial 
Statements. 
 
  
 December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
  
2022 
2021 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Deferred tax assets: 
  
  
  
With effect in income 
 599,961  
                  216,593  
 250,189  
With effect in equity 
 (117,247)  
 36,959 
 (40,563) 
Total deferred tax assets 
 482,714  
                 253,552  
 209,626  
Deferred tax liabilities: 
 
 
 
With effect in profit or loss 
 (1,612) 
                     (926)  
(22,189) 
With effect in Shareholders' equity 
 -  
                   - 
                   - 
Total deferred tax liabilities 
 (1,612) 
                        (926) 
(22,189) 
Total net deferred tax assets: 
           481,102 
                 252,626  
187,437 
 
 
 
F-334

--- Page 637 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 75 
 
The following are the effects of net deferred taxes by jurisdiction as of December 31, 2022, and 2021:  
 
December 31, 2022 
Chile 
 United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
 Detail of deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
  
 
 
Allowance for credit losses 
 257,852  
 34,830  
 -  
 292,682  
Provision for employee vacations and bonuses 
 64,792  
 -  
 235  
 65,027  
Leases (net)  
 26,720  
(66,392)  
 -  
(39,672)  
Property and equipment 
(14,794)  
 (421)  
 3  
 (15,212)  
Transitory assets  
(19,409)  
 11,995  
 -  
(7,414)  
Derivative contracts 
 9,017  
(12,595)  
 -  
 (3,578)  
Subordinated bonds 
 12,975  
 -  
 -  
 12,975  
Tax loss 
 18,631  
 28,085  
 1,128  
 47,844  
Other  
 13,108  
 (2,117)  
 212  
 11,203  
Total net assets (liabilities) 
 368,892  
(6,615)  
 1,578  
 363,855  
Deferred tax credit (debit) on equity 
(19,631)  
 136,878  
 -  
 117,247  
Net effect of deferred tax asset 
 349,261 
 130,263  
 1,578  
 481,102  
 
 
December 31, 2021 
Chile 
United States 
Peru 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
 Detail of deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
  
 
 
Allowance for credit losses 
 223,465  
 30,264  
 -  
 253,729  
Provision for employee vacations and bonuses 
 51,169  
 7,833  
 7  
 59,009  
Leases (net)  
 (39,919) 
 (50,782) 
 -  
 (90,701) 
Property and equipment 
 (19,630) 
 (612) 
 -  
 (20,242) 
Transitory assets  
 (29,743) 
 18,972  
 -  
 (10,771) 
Derivative contracts 
 36,545  
 (15,921) 
 -  
 20,624  
Subordinated bonds 
 21,049  
 -  
 -  
 21,049  
Tax loss 
 -  
 27,801  
 387  
 28,188  
Other  
 17,173  
 11,526  
 1  
 28,700  
Total net assets (liabilities) 
 260,109  
 29,081  
 395  
 289,585  
Deferred tax credit (debit) on equity 
 (36,960) 
 -  
 -  
 (36,960) 
Net effect of deferred tax asset 
 223,150  
 29,081  
 395  
 252,626  
 
 
f. 
Supplementary Information on Current and Deferred taxes. 
 
In accordance with the provisions of the joint circular issued by the CMF and the SII (Chilean Internal Revenue Service), as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Bank 
presents the following tax information related to provisions, write-offs, renegotiations, and loan referral. This information includes the Bank's operations, and 
therefore subsidiaries have been excluded. 
 
a. Loans and receivables to customers 
 
 
December 31, 2022 
Assets at tax value 
Carrying value in the financial 
statements 
 Total  
 Past-due portfolio 
secured 
 Past-due portfolio 
unsecured  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
14,373,324 
14,385,361 
 9,287  
 163,708  
Consumer loans 
2,814,835 
 2,836,843  
 322  
 121,117  
Mortgage loans 
9,942,313 
 9,963,138  
 631  
 3,660  
Total 
27,130,472 
 27,185,342  
 10,240  
 288,485  
 
 
 
December 31, 2021 
Assets at tax value 
Carrying value in the financial 
statements 
 Total  
 Past-due portfolio 
secured 
 Past-due portfolio 
unsecured  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
 15,385,255  
 15,389,467  
 21,611  
 160,685  
Consumer loans 
 8,639,577  
 8,640,803  
 7  
 143,873  
Mortgage loans 
 2,715,735  
 2,737,633  
 1,355  
 4,300  
Total 
 26,740,567  
 26,767,903  
 22,973  
 308,858  
 
b. Provisions 
 
Provisions on past-due portfolio 
Balance as of 01.01.2022 
 Write-off against 
Provision  
 Provisions 
established  
 Provisions reversed  
 Balance as of 12.31.2022  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
 117,775  
(8,836)  
 83,789  
(85,770)  
 106,958  
Consumer loans 
 27,909  
 (9,875)  
 67,271  
 (26,101)  
 59,204  
Mortgage loans 
 159  
 -  
 108  
(109)  
 158  
Total 
 145,843  
(18,711)  
 151,168  
(111,980)  
 166,320  
 
Provisions on past-due portfolio 
Balance as of 01.01.2021 
 Write-off against 
Provision  
 Provisions 
established  
 Provisions reversed  
 Balance as of 12.31.2021  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Commercial loans 
 123,124  
(8,692)  
 76,821  
(73,477)  
 117,776  
Consumer loans 
 45,155  
 (11,414)  
 37,226  
 (43,058)  
 27,909  
Mortgage loans 
 142  
 -  
 91  
(74)  
 159  
Total 
 168,421  
(20,106)  
 114,138  
(116,609)  
 145,844  
 
c. Write-offs  
Write offs and repossessions 
December 31, 2022 
December 31, 2021,  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Direct write-off art.31 Nº4 second paragraph 
253,242  
220,075  
Condemnations that led to the reversal of provisions 
 - 
-  
Recovery or renegotiation of loans previously written off 
 63,790  
 64,257 
 
 
 
F-335

--- Page 638 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 76 
 
NOTE 19 – OTHER ASSETS 
 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, other assets are as follows: 
 
  
December 31,  
December 31, 
January 1, 
  
2022 
2021 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets to be leased in financial leases as lessor 
 209,763  
 82,144  
103,542 
Cash guarantees delivered for derivative financial transactions 
 150,486  
 194,935  
251,860 
Debtors for brokerage of financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
- 
Accounts receivable for use of payment cards with provision of funds 
 -  
 -  
- 
Accounts receivable from third parties 
 143,266  
 40,265  
46,032 
Investment property 
 -  
 -  
- 
VAT fiscal credit receivable 
 17,603  
 8,568  
6,840 
Prepaid expenses 
 64,535  
 53,307  
52,355 
Valuation adjustments for macro hedges 
 691  
 -  
53,452 
Assets to support obligations for post-employment defined benefit plans 
 437,480  
 429,280  
269,675 
Assets from revenue from ordinary activities from contracts with customers 
 -  
 -  
- 
Investments in gold 
 7,127  
 7,153  
6,084 
Other cash collateral provided 
 564,658  
 334,701  
283,911 
Pending operations 
 238,494  
 75,684  
20,646 
Other assets 
 60,961  
 93,926  
104,045 
Total 
 1,895,064  
1,319,963 
1,198,442 
 
 
 
NOTE 20 – NON-CURRENT ASSETS AND DISPOSAL GROUP HELD FOR SALE AND LIABILITIES INCLUDED IN DISPOSAL GROUP HELD FOR 
SALE 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, non-current assets and disposal group held for sale are as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
January, 
  
2022 
2021 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction (*): 
  
  
  
Goods received in payment 
 306  
404 
59 
Assets foreclosed at judicial auction 
 5,199  
2,133 
2,230 
Provisions for goods received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction 
 (310) 
- 
(73) 
Subtotal 
 5,195  
2,537 
2,216 
  
  
  
Investment in companies 
 -  
- 
- 
Intangible assets 
 -  
- 
- 
Property and equipment 
 -  
- 
- 
Assets for recovery of assets under finance leases 
29,739 
43,181 
30,065 
Other assets 
 -  
- 
- 
Subtotal 
29,739 
43,181 
30,065 
  
  
Total 
34,934 
45,718 
32,281 
(*) The Bank receives assets when customers have payments of overdue debts or when it acquires them in a judicial auction for payment of debts previously contracted in its favor.  
These pools of assets do not exceed 20% of the Bank's effective equity at any time, 0.082530% as of December 31, 2022, and 0.043386% as of December 31, 2021. 
 
b) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, changes in provisions for assets received in payment are as follows: 
  
Provisions 
  
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2022 
- 
Provisions accrued 
1,215 
Provisions used 
(1,525) 
Balance as of December 31, 2022 
(310) 
 
  
Provisions 
  
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2021 
(73) 
Provisions accrued 
203 
Provisions used 
(130) 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 
- 
 
  
Provisions 
  
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2020 
                                          -  
Provisions accrued 
914 
Provisions used 
(987) 
Balance as of January 1, 2021 
(73) 
 
c) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the Bank does not record liabilities included in a disposal group 
held for sale. 
 
 
F-336

--- Page 639 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 77 
 
NOTE 21 – FINANCIAL LIABILITIES HELD FOR TRADING AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through 
profit or loss are as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
  
2022 
2021 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts 
6,584,736 
5,094,231 
4,530,724 
Other financial instruments 
 -  
- 
 -  
Total 
6,584,736 
5,094,231 
4,530,724 
 
b) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, financial derivative contracts are as follows: 
 
 
On 
Up to 
From 1 
From 3 
From 1 
From 3 
Over 
Total 
Fair value as of 
December 31, 2022 
 
demand 
1 month 
to 3 months 
months to 
to 3 
to 5 
5 years 
 
  
  
 
1 year 
years 
years 
  
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial derivative contracts 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Forwards 
 -  
 12,266,573  
 9,933,452  
 15,980,344  
 7,314,952  
 1,479,328  
 1,909,961  
 48,884,610  
 1,547,496  
Swaps 
 161,085  
 4,724,891  
 13,447,198  
 34,989,607  
 44,640,387  
 26,403,165  
 27,487,773  
 151,854,106  
 5,030,025  
Call Options 
 -  
 23,545  
 56,873  
 123,635  
 1,958  
 132  
 -  
 206,143  
 1,966  
Put Options 
 -  
 20,441  
 50,127  
 97,991  
 1,190  
 -  
 -  
 169,749  
 5,125  
Futures 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 124  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Totals 
 161,085  
 17,035,450  
 23,487,650  
 51,191,577  
 51,958,487  
 27,882,625  
 29,397,734  
 201,114,608  
 6,584,736  
 
 
On 
Up to 
From 1 
From 3 
From 1 
From 3 
Over 
Total 
Fair value as of 
December 31, 2021 
 
demand 
1 month 
to 3 months 
months up to 
to 3 
to 5 
5 years 
 
  
  
months 
1 year 
years 
years 
  
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
 
On 
Up to 
From 1 
From 3 
From 1 
From 3 
Over 
Forwards 
146,627 
11,098,825 
6,190,029 
13,747,290 
5,127,591 
925,583 
1,266,812 
38,502,757 
1,004,603 
Swaps 
- 
671,392 
1,169,282 
6,775,429 
14,795,950 
11,068,289 
12,377,890 
46,858,232 
4,083,242 
Call Options 
- 
31,938 
20,838 
69,723 
486 
- 
- 
122,985 
4,417 
Put Options 
- 
27,042 
16,392 
72,007 
- 
- 
- 
115,441 
521 
Futures 
- 
- 
93,337 
- 
- 
- 
- 
93,337 
1,448 
Other 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Totals 
146,627 
11,829,197 
7,489,878 
20,664,449 
19,924,027 
11,993,872 
13,644,702 
85,692,752 
5,094,231 
 
c)  As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the Bank does not hold other financial liabilities for trading 
at fair value through profit or loss. 
 
NOTE 22 – FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT AMORTIZED COST 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, financial liabilities at amortized cost are as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
  
2022 
2021 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Deposits and other obligations on demand 
  
  
  
Current accounts 
21,585,141 
24,345,331 
17,264,331 
Demand deposit accounts 
761,815 
1,200,201 
978,696 
Other demand deposits 
255,380 
456,225 
329,921 
Obligations for fund provision accounts for payment cards 
19,699 
19,560 
13,695 
Other obligations on demand 
1,500,130 
1,632,125 
1,139,931 
Subtotal 
24,122,165 
27,653,442 
19,726,574 
  
  
  
Deposits and other time deposits 
  
  
Time deposits 
18,172,045 
10,797,310 
10,783,161 
Term savings accounts 
71,647 
66,960 
55,176 
Other term credit balances 
2,273 
879 
1,273 
Subtotal 
18,245,965 
10,865,149 
10,839,610 
  
  
  
Obligations for repurchase agreements and securities lending  
  
  
Transactions with domestic banks 
 127,673  
3,648 
16,708 
Transactions with foreign banks 
 -  
- 
- 
Transactions with other domestic entities 
 256,406  
137,530 
333,606 
Transactions with other foreign entities  
 804  
- 
- 
Subtotal 
 384,883  
141,178 
350,314 
  
  
  
Bank borrowings 
  
  
Domestic banks 
 408,618  
416,727 
1,254,979 
Foreign banks 
 1,736,799  
2,012,708 
1,111,380 
Central Bank of Chile 
 4,515,654  
4,541,402 
3,904,339 
Foreign Central Banks 
 -  
- 
- 
Subtotal 
 6,661,071  
6,970,837 
6,270,698 
  
  
  
Debt financial instruments issued 
  
  
Letters of credit 
1,800 
3,887 
6,511 
Current bonds 
8,105,460 
7,424,309 
6,166,460 
Subtotal 
8,107,260 
7,428,196 
6,172,971 
  
  
  
Other financial obligations 
  
  
Other financial obligations with the public sector 
1,099 
2,381 
3,138 
Other domestic financial obligations 
79,780 
73,083 
43,394 
Other foreign financial obligations 
2,158,221 
952,639 
864,512 
Subtotal 
2,239,100 
1,028,103 
911,044 
  
  
  
Total 
59,760,444 
54,086,905 
44,271,211 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-337

--- Page 640 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 78 
 
b) As of December 31, 2022, current bonds are as follows: 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN PESOS 
Series 
Amount issued  
Amount placed 
Issuance 
Maturity 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
Ch$ 
Ch$ 
date 
date 
rate 
Ch$ 
MCh$ 
SERIES_AM 
 50,000,000,000  
 50,000,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2023 
4.90% 
 50,386,805,885  
 50,387  
SERIES__E 
100,000,000,000 
100,000,000,000 
12-01-2020 
12-01-2025 
8.25% 
87,242,126,980 
 87,242  
SERIES_01 
100,000,000,000 
100,000,000,000 
12-01-2020 
12-01-2026 
7.11% 
86,760,286,472 
 86,760  
SERIES_O2 
100,000,000,000 
100,000,000,000 
12-01-2020 
12-01-2027 
5.49% 
90,266,502,981 
 90,267  
SERIES_O3 
50,000,000,000 
50,000,000,000 
09-01-2022 
03-01-2025 
7.20% 
52,054,876,632 
 52,055  
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
 4,341,915,457  
 4,342  
Subtotal 
400,000,000,000 
400,000,000,000   
 
 
371,052,514,407 
371,053 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN UNIDADES DE FOMENTO 
Series 
Amount issued  
Amount placed 
Issuance 
Maturity 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
UF 
UF 
date 
date 
rate 
UF 
MCh$ 
SERIE_AI2 
 5,000,000  
 -  
03-01-2014 
03-01-2024 
0.00% 
 -  
 -  
SERIE_AJ2 
 20,000,000  
 20,000,000  
10-01-2014 
10-01-2024 
2.23% 
 20,016,847  
 702,811  
SERIE_AL2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2023 
2.15% 
 3,010,711  
 105,709  
SERIE_AL3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2024 
2.40% 
 3,010,791  
 105,712  
SERIE_AL4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2028 
2.36% 
 3,029,206  
 106,358  
SERIE_AL5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2016 
06-01-2031 
2.50% 
 3,009,346  
 105,661  
SERIE_AN2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2016 
12-01-2024 
1.95% 
 3,008,096  
 105,617  
SERIE_AN3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2016 
12-01-2026 
2.00% 
 3,005,870  
 105,539  
SERIE_A2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2017 
04-01-2027 
2.18% 
 2,994,439  
 105,138  
SERIE_B2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
05-01-2017 
05-01-2023 
1.67% 
 3,013,373  
 105,802  
SERIE_C2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
07-01-2017 
07-01-2023 
2.32% 
 3,025,544  
 106,230  
SERIE_C3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
07-01-2017 
07-01-2025 
2.28% 
 3,010,532  
 105,703  
SERIE_C4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
07-01-2017 
07-01-2026 
2.42% 
 2,989,294  
 104,957  
SERIE_D1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2023 
1.84% 
 3,014,006  
 105,825  
SERIE_D2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2025 
2.04% 
 3,007,229  
 105,587  
SERIE_D3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2028 
2.34% 
 2,956,333  
 103,800  
SERIE_D4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
11-01-2017 
11-01-2029 
2.45% 
 2,927,725  
 102,795  
SERIE_F2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2024 
1.60% 
 3,029,901  
 106,383  
SERIE_F3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2025 
2.00% 
 3,015,459  
 105,876  
SERIE_F4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2028 
2.17% 
 2,991,209  
 105,024  
SERIE_F5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
04-01-2018 
04-01-2029 
2.36% 
 2,954,585  
 103,738  
Serie_G1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2018 
06-01-2025 
1.47% 
 3,042,859  
 106,838  
Serie_G2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2018 
06-01-2026 
1.09% 
 3,096,521  
 108,722  
Serie_G3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
06-01-2018 
06-01-2029 
2.10% 
 2,988,696  
 104,936  
SERIE_I1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2019 
02-01-2028 
0.70% 
 3,219,458  
 113,038  
SERIE_I2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2019 
02-01-2029 
0.72% 
 3,256,263  
 114,331  
SERIE_I3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
02-01-2019 
02-01-2030 
1.19% 
 3,190,041  
 112,005  
SERIE_K1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
05-01-2019 
05-01-2023 
(0.03%) 
 3,030,302  
 106,397  
SERIE_K2 
 3,000,000  
 1,450,000  
05-01-2019 
05-01-2025 
1.90% 
 1,458,331  
 51,203  
SERIE_K4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
05-01-2019 
05-01-2029 
0.45% 
 3,300,061  
 115,868  
SERIE_M3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2019 
10-01-2028 
(0.09%) 
 3,286,285  
 115,385  
SERIE_M4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2019 
10-01-2029 
(0.31%) 
 3,382,047  
 118,747  
SERIE_M5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2019 
10-01-2030 
0.27% 
 3,294,052  
 115,657  
SERIE_N1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
06-01-2027 
2.05% 
 2,935,446  
 103,066  
SERIE_N2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2027 
2.76% 
 2,833,766  
 99,496  
SERIE_N3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2028 
2.25% 
 2,881,357  
 101,167  
SERIE_N4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
12-01-2020 
12-01-2030 
2.84% 
 2,724,741  
 95,668  
SERIE_P1 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2031 
2.55% 
 3,131,101  
 109,936  
SERIE_P2 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2032 
3.04% 
 3,017,385  
 105,943  
SERIE_P3 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2033 
2.75% 
 3,097,805  
 108,767  
SERIE_P4 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2035 
2.59% 
 3,155,443  
 110,791  
SERIE_P5 
 3,000,000  
 3,000,000  
10-01-2021 
10-01-2036 
2.63% 
 3,155,059  
 110,777  
SERIE_R1 
 1,000,000  
 1,000,000  
09-01-2022 
03-01-2028 
2.85% 
 1,018,009  
 35,743  
SERIE_R2 
 1,000,000  
 1,000,000  
09-01-2022 
09-01-2028 
2.80% 
 1,021,219  
 35,856  
SERIE_R3 
 1,000,000  
 1,000,000  
09-01-2022 
03-01-2029 
2.80% 
 1,022,275  
 35,893  
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
 (2,207,809) 
 (77,516) 
Subtotal 
148,000,000 
141,450,000   
 
 
141,351,209 
4,962,979 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN FOREIGN CURRENCY US DOLLAR 
Series 
Amount issued  
Amount placed 
Issuance 
Maturity 
Average rate 
Balance due 
Balance due MCh$ (*) 
US$ 
US$ 
date 
date 
US$ 
USP32133CG63 
500,000,000 
500,000,000 
02-11-2013 
02-11-2023 
4.09% 
507,689,997 
431,156 
US05890MAA18 
500,000,000 
500,000,000 
10-12-2017 
10-12-2027 
3.65% 
498,086,844 
423,000 
XS1879614755 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
09-13-2018 
03-13-2024 
3.85% 
50,468,931 
42,861 
XS1888335194 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
10-04-2018 
04-04-2024 
4.02% 
100,750,404 
85,562 
XS1895749593 
45,000,000 
45,000,000 
10-19-2018 
04-19-2024 
4.03% 
45,257,689 
38,435 
XS1919312626 
25,000,000 
25,000,000 
12-07-2018 
12-07-2023 
2.86% 
25,038,459 
21,264 
XS1984711355 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
04-23-2019 
04-23-2024 
2.88% 
10,069,831 
8,552 
XS2012024696 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
06-14-2019 
06-14-2029 
3.32% 
49,754,847 
42,254 
XS2024766276 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
07-10-2019 
07-10-2029 
3.21% 
50,432,740 
42,830 
XS2047630970 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
08-28-2019 
08-28-2024 
3.08% 
10,023,193 
8,512 
XS2085920416 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
12-02-2019 
06-02-2025 
3.53% 
19,983,378 
16,971 
XS2318617185 
54,000,000 
54,000,000 
03-17-2021 
12-03-2029 
2.37% 
53,508,090 
45,442 
XS2337108497 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
04-27-2021 
04-27-2026 
3.81% 
10,030,006 
8,518 
XS2357310379 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
06-23-2021 
06-23-2031 
2.60% 
9,901,679 
8,409 
XS2377687442 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
08-18-2021 
08-18-2031 
2.53% 
9,983,973 
8,479 
XS2387450393 
30,000,000 
30,000,000 
09-16-2021 
09-16-2026 
4.80% 
29,829,997 
25,333 
XS2388190592 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
09-21-2021 
09-21-2026 
4.63% 
9,908,333 
8,415 
XS2384719667 
133,000,000 
133,000,000 
09-24-2021 
09-24-2026 
1.89% 
132,251,644 
112,315 
XS2389126280 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
09-27-2021 
09-27-2031 
2.42% 
9,959,735 
8,458 
US05890MAB90 
500,000,000 
500,000,000 
10-14-2021 
10-14-2031 
3.08% 
489,400,240 
415,623 
XS2398895651 
17,000,000 
17,000,000 
10-19-2021 
10-19-2026 
4.35% 
17,022,540 
14,456 
XS2402142371 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
10-27-2021 
10-27-2028 
4.82% 
20,025,145 
17,006 
XS2407022313 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
12-01-2021 
12-01-2026 
4.85% 
19,921,103 
16,918 
XS2454830824 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
03-10-2022 
03-10-2029 
5.35% 
9,919,692 
8,424 
XS2457006521 
25,000,000 
25,000,000 
03-15-2022 
03-15-2027 
5.26% 
24,838,300 
21,094 
Fair value adjustment (fair value coverage) 
  
  
 (71,647,887) 
 (54,135) 
Subtotal 
2,219,000,000 
2,219,000,000   
  
  
2,142,408,903 
1,826,152 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-338

--- Page 641 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 79 
 
 
 
 
CURRENT BONDS FOREIGN CURRENCY AUD 
Series 
Amount issued  
Amount placed 
Placement 
Maturity 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
  
AUD 
AUD 
date 
date 
rate 
AUD 
MCh$ 
XS1717587007 
80,000,000 
80,000,000 
11-15-2017 
11-15-2027 
4.15% 
79,906,915 
46,118 
XS1859545367 
40,000,000 
40,000,000 
07-25-2018 
07-25-2033 
4.67% 
40,501,691 
23,376 
XS1879612973 
60,000,000 
60,000,000 
09-14-2018 
09-14-2033 
4.65% 
60,305,740 
34,805 
XS1897619968 
40,000,000 
40,000,000 
10-24-2018 
10-24-2033 
4.70% 
39,732,868 
22,932 
XS2087687435 
30,000,000 
30,000,000 
12-02-2019 
12-03-2029 
3.92% 
29,869,943 
17,239 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
  
  
 
 (10,839,716) 
 (6,256) 
Subtotal 
250,000,000 
250,000,000 
  
  
  
239,477,441 
138,214 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN FOREIGN CURRENCY SWISS FRANC 
Series 
Amount issued  
Amount placed 
Placement 
Maturity 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
CHF 
CHF 
date 
date 
rate 
CHF 
MCh$ 
CH0471298007 
175,000,000 
175,000,000 
05-22-2019 
11-22-2024 
0.32% 
174,662,351 
160,428 
CH0494734376 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
09-24-2019 
09-24-2029 
0.22% 
99,332,320 
91,237 
CH0505011889 
105,000,000 
105,000,000 
10-29-2019 
10-29-2025 
0.25% 
104,406,038 
95,897 
CH0506071239 
125,000,000 
125,000,000 
03-18-2020 
09-18-2026 
0.10% 
124,097,896 
113,985 
CH1120085696 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
07-15-2021 
12-15-2026 
0.39% 
98,903,688 
90,844 
CH1142512339 
200,000,000 
200,000,000 
01-26-2022 
04-26-2027 
0.60% 
198,594,342 
182,410 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
  
  
  
 (9,100,743) 
 (8,359) 
Subtotal 
805,000,000 
805,000,000 
  
  
  
790,895,892 
726,442 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN FOREIGN CURRENCY YEN 
Series 
Amount issued  
Amount placed 
Placement 
Maturity 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
YEN 
YEN 
date 
date 
rate 
YEN 
MCh$ 
XS1830985781 
5,000,000,000 
5,000,000,000 
06-01-2018 
12-01-2028 
0,75% 
4,967,057,088 
31,992 
XS2424489958 
5,000,000,000 
5,000,000,000 
01-07-2022 
01-07-2027 
0,50% 
4,956,915,287 
31,926 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
  
  
  
  
 (222,356,272) 
 (1,432) 
Subtotal 
10,000,000,000 
10,000,000,000 
  
  
  
 9,701,616,103  
 62,486  
Total current bonds 
  
  
  
  
  
  
8,105,460 
 
c) As of December 31, 2021, the detail of current bonds is as follows: 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN CHILEAN PESOS 
Series 
Amount issued  
Amount placed 
Placement 
Maturity 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
CLP 
CLP 
date 
date 
rate 
CLP 
MCh$ 
SERIES_AM 
50,000,000,000 
50,000,000,000 
01-06-2016 
01-06-2023 
4.90% 
49,596,117,712 
49,596 
SERIES_E 
100,000,000,000 
100,000,000,000 
01-11-2017 
01-11-2022 
4.27% 
100,470,785,984 
100,471 
SERIES_O3 
100,000,000,000 
45,000,000,000 
01-12-2020 
01-12-2027 
3.52% 
43,937,680,021 
43,938 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
(2,788,854,908) 
(2,789) 
Subtotal 
250,000,000,000 
195,000,000,000   
  
  
191,215,728,809 
191,216 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN UNIDADES DE FOMENTO 
Series 
Amount issued  
Amount placed 
Placement 
Maturity 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
UF 
UF 
date 
date 
rate 
UF 
MCh$ 
SERIES_AF2 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
08-01-2012 
08-01-2022 
3.43% 
10,061,781 
311,832 
SERIES_AI2 
5,000,000 
- 
03-01-2014 
03-01-2024 
- 
- 
- 
SERIES_AJ2 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
10-01-2014 
10-01-2024 
2.23% 
19,806,224 
613,829 
SERIES_AL1 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
06-01-2016 
06-01-2022 
1.89% 
3,013,909 
93,406 
SERIES_AL2 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
06-01-2016 
06-01-2023 
2.15% 
3,021,287 
93,635 
SERIES_AL3 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
06-01-2016 
06-01-2024 
2.40% 
3,014,049 
93,411 
SERIES_AL4 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
06-01-2016 
06-01-2028 
2.36% 
3,033,207 
94,004 
SERIES_AL5 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
06-01-2016 
06-01-2031 
2.50% 
3,009,721 
93,277 
SERIES_AN2 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2016 
12-01-2024 
1.95% 
3,009,794 
93,279 
SERIES_AN3 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2016 
12-01-2026 
2.00% 
3,006,143 
93,166 
SERIES_A1 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
01-04-2017 
01-04-2022 
1.72% 
3,016,921 
93,500 
SERIES_A2 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
01-04-2017 
01-04-2027 
2.18% 
2,989,911 
92,663 
SERIES_B1 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
01-05-2017 
01-05-2022 
1.50% 
3,015,004 
93,440 
SERIES_B2 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
01-05-2017 
01-05-2023 
1.67% 
3,023,199 
93,694 
SERIES_C1 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
01-07-2017 
01-01-2022 
2.24% 
3,029,815 
93,899 
SERIES_C2 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
01-07-2017 
01-07-2023 
2.32% 
3,016,599 
93,490 
SERIES_C3 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
01-07-2017 
01-07-2025 
2.28% 
3,003,084 
93,071 
SERIES_C4 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
01-07-2017 
01-07-2026 
2.42% 
2,978,304 
92,303 
SERIES_D1 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
11-01-2017 
11-01-2023 
1.84% 
3,018,915 
93,561 
SERIES_D2 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
11-01-2017 
11-01-2025 
2.04% 
3,006,408 
93,174 
SERIES_D3 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
11-01-2017 
11-01-2028 
2.34% 
2,947,932 
91,362 
SERIES_D4 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
11-01-2017 
11-01-2029 
2.45% 
2,916,871 
90,399 
SERIES_F1 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
01-04-2018 
01-04-2022 
1.46% 
3,019,072 
93,566 
SERIES_F2 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
01-04-2018 
01-04-2024 
1.60% 
3,041,713 
94,268 
SERIES_F3 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
01-04-2018 
01-04-2025 
2.00% 
3,015,727 
93,463 
SERIES_F4 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
01-04-2018 
01-04-2028 
2.17% 
2,987,036 
92,573 
SERIES_F5 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
01-04-2018 
01-04-2029 
2.36% 
2,945,770 
91,295 
SERIES_G1 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
06-01-2018 
06-01-2025 
1.47% 
3,058,190 
94,779 
SERIES_G2 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
06-01-2018 
06-01-2026 
1.09% 
3,122,703 
96,778 
SERIES_G3 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
06-01-2018 
06-01-2029 
2.10% 
2,986,397 
92,554 
SERIES_I1 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
02-01-2019 
02-01-2028 
0.70% 
3,256,940 
100,938 
SERIES_I2 
3,000,000 
2,730,000 
02-01-2019 
02-01-2029 
0.49% 
3,038,776 
94,177 
SERIES_I3 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
02-01-2019 
02-01-2030 
1.19% 
3,212,298 
99,555 
SERIES_K1 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
05-01-2019 
05-01-2023 
-0.03% 
3,091,220 
95,802 
SERIES_K4 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
05-01-2019 
05-01-2029 
0.45% 
3,345,118 
103,671 
SERIES_M3 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
10-01-2019 
10-01-2028 
-0.09% 
3,334,259 
103,334 
SERIES_M4 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
10-01-2019 
10-01-2029 
-0.31% 
3,437,634 
106,538 
SERIES_M5 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
10-01-2019 
10-01-2030 
0.27% 
3,330,123 
103,206 
SERIES_N1 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2020 
01-06-2027 
2.05% 
2,920,851 
90,522 
SERIES_N3 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2020 
12-01-2028 
2.25% 
2,862,289 
88,707 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
(1,153,593) 
(35,758) 
Subtotal 
146,000,000 
140,730,000   
  
  
141,791,601 
4,394,363 
 
 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN FOREIGN CURRENCY EURO 
Series 
Amount issued  
Amount placed 
Placement 
Maturity 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
  
EU 
EU 
date 
date 
rate 
EU 
MCh$ 
XS1493734971 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
09-23-2016 
09-23-2024 
0.89% 
19,983,816 
18,134 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
  
  
- 
- 
Subtotal 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
  
  
  
19,983,816 
18,134 
F-339

--- Page 642 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 80 
 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN FOREIGN CURRENCY US DOLLAR 
Series 
Amount issued  
Amount placed 
Placement 
Maturity 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
USD 
USD 
date 
date 
 rate 
USD 
MCh$ 
USP32133CG63 
500,000,000 
500,000,000 
02-11-2013 
02-11-2023 
4.09% 
501,677,456 
433,122 
XS1655597034 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
08-01-2017 
08-01-2022 
2.96% 
50,148,197 
43,192 
XS1692845396 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
10-06-2017 
10-06-2022 
3.00% 
50,624,970 
42,960 
US05890MAA18 
500,000,000 
500,000,000 
12-10-2017 
12-10-2027 
3.65% 
500,906,234 
424,604 
XS1703060829 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
10-19-2017 
10-19-2022 
2.30% 
50,003,058 
42,748 
XS1702405702 
40,000,000 
40,000,000 
10-20-2017 
10-20-2022 
2.25% 
40,003,982 
34,199 
XS1879614755 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
09-13-2018 
03-13-2024 
3.85% 
49,862,836 
43,044 
XS1888335194 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
10-04-2018 
04-04-2024 
4.02% 
101,510,935 
85,933 
XS1895749593 
45,000,000 
45,000,000 
19-10-2018 
19-04-2024 
4.03% 
45,598,799 
38,600 
XS1919312626 
25,000,000 
25,000,000 
12-07-2018 
12-07-2023 
1.75% 
24,880,369 
21,276 
XS1984711355 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
04-23-2019 
04-23-2024 
1.49% 
9,962,313 
8,517 
XS2012024696 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
06-14-2019 
06-14-2029 
3.32% 
50,090,965 
42,469 
XS2024766276 
50,000,000 
50,000,000 
07-10-2019 
07-10-2029 
3.21% 
49,952,087 
43,048 
XS2047630970 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
08-28-2019 
08-28-2024 
1.33% 
9,956,886 
8,513 
XS2085920416 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
02-12-2019 
02-06-2025 
1.33% 
19,846,253 
16,972 
XS2318617185 
54,000,000 
54,000,000 
03-17-2021 
03-12-2029 
2.37% 
53,701,039 
45,646 
XS2337108497 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
04-27-2021 
04-27-2026 
0.74% 
9,928,347 
8,489 
XS2357310379 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
06-23-2021 
06-23-2031 
2.60% 
9,948,357 
8,450 
XS2377687442 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
08-18-2021 
08-18-2031 
2.53% 
9,900,971 
8,520 
XS2387450393 
30,000,000 
30,000,000 
09-16-2021 
09-16-2026 
1.21% 
29,679,670 
25,384 
XS2388190592 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
09-21-2021 
09-21-2026 
1.02% 
9,855,876 
8,431 
XS2384719667 
133,000,000 
133,000,000 
09-24-2021 
09-24-2026 
1.89% 
131,103,773 
112,676 
XS2389126280 
10,000,000 
10,000,000 
09-27-2021 
09-27-2031 
2.42% 
9,881,113 
8,500 
US05890MAB90 
500,000,000 
500,000,000 
10-14-2021 
10-14-2031 
3.08% 
488,000,449 
416,948 
XS2398895651 
17,000,000 
17,000,000 
10-19-2021 
10-19-2026 
0.94% 
16,842,051 
14,390 
XS2402142371 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
10-27-2021 
10-27-2028 
1.13% 
19,844,643 
16,955 
XS2407022313 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
12-01-2021 
12-01-2026 
1.01% 
19,801,591 
16,918 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
  
  
44,090,019 
37,671 
Subtotal 
2,374,000,000 
2,374,000,000 
  
  
  
2,407,603,239 
2,058,175 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN FOREIGN CURRENCY EURO 
Series 
Amount issued  
Amount placed 
Placement 
Maturity 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
EU 
EU 
date 
date 
rate 
EU 
MCh$ 
XS1493734971 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
09-23-2016 
09-23-2024 
0.89% 
19,951,956 
19,303 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
  
  
Subtotal 
20,000,000 
20,000,000 
    
  
19,951,956 
19,303 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN FOREIGN CURRENCY AUD 
Series 
Amount issued  
Amount placed 
Placement 
Maturity 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
AUD 
AUD 
date 
date 
rate 
AUD 
MCh$ 
XS1717587007 
80,000,000 
80,000,000 
11-15-2017 
11-15-2027 
4.15% 
79,827,433 
49,506 
XS1859545367 
40,000,000 
40,000,000 
07-25-2018 
07-25-2033 
4.67% 
40,489,365 
25,110 
XS1879612973 
60,000,000 
60,000,000 
09-14-2018 
09-14-2033 
4.65% 
60,284,711 
37,387 
XS1897619968 
40,000,000 
40,000,000 
10-24-2018 
10-24-2033 
4.70% 
39,710,059 
24,627 
XS2087687435 
30,000,000 
30,000,000 
12-02-2019 
12-03-2029 
1.81% 
29,777,509 
18,467 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
  
  
  
11,275,206 
6,993 
Subtotal 
250,000,000 
 250,000,000 
  
  
261,364,283 
162,090 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN FOREIGN CURRENCY SWISS FRANC 
Series 
Amount issued  
Amount placed 
Placement 
Maturity 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
CHF 
CHF 
date 
date 
rate 
CHF 
MCh$ 
CH0471298007 
175,000,000 
175,000,000 
05-22-2019 
11-22-2024 
0.32% 
174,454,807 
163,025 
CH0494734376 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
09-24-2019 
09-24-2029 
0.23% 
99,233,735 
92,732 
CH0505011889 
105,000,000 
105,000,000 
10-29-2019 
10-29-2025 
0.25% 
104,189,707 
97,364 
CH0506071239 
125,000,000 
125,000,000 
03-18-2020 
09-18-2026 
0.10% 
123,858,958 
115,744 
CH1120085696 
100,000,000 
100,000,000 
07-15-2021 
12-15-2026 
0.39% 
98,637,894 
92,176 
Fair value adjustment (fair value hedge) 
  
  
  
1,492,916 
1,395 
Subtotal 
605,000,000 
605,000,000 
  
  
601,868,017 
562,436 
 
CURRENT BONDS IN FOREIGN CURRENCY YEN 
Series 
Amount issued  
Amount placed 
Placement 
Maturity 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
YEN 
YEN 
date 
date 
rate 
YEN 
MCh$ 
XS1830985781 
5,000,000,000 
5,000,000,000 
06-01-2018 
12-01-2028 
0.75% 
4,965,188,128 
36,843 
Fair value adjustment (fair value coverage) 
  
  
  
(15,953,459) 
(118) 
Subtotal 
5,000,000,000 
5,000,000,000   
  
  
4,949,234,669 
36,725 
Total current bonds 
    
  
  
  
7,424,309 
 
d) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the maturity of current bonds is as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 2022 
  
Long-term 
Short-term 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Short and long-term maturity 
Current bonds 
7,073,083 
1,032,377 
8,105,460 
Total 
7,073,083 
1,032,377 
8,105,460 
 
  
December 31, 2021 
  
Long-term 
Short- term 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Short and long-term maturity 
  
  
  
current bonds 
6,381,095 
1,043,213 
7,424,308 
Total 
6,381,095 
1,043,213 
7,424,308 
 
  
January 1, 2021 
  
Long-term 
Short- term 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Short and long-term maturity 
  
  
  
current bonds 
5,663,711 
502,749 
6,166,460 
Total 
5,663,711 
502,749 
6,166,460 
 
 
 
F-340

--- Page 643 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 81 
 
e) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the securities under sale and repurchase agreements are as 
follows: 
 
  
Maturity as of December 31, 2022 
Entity type 
On demand 
Up to 1 month 
From 1 to 3 
months 
From 3 months 
to 1 year 
From 1 to 3 years From 3 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Transactions with domestic banks  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
- 
127,673 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
127,673 
Repurchase agreements with the Central Bank of Chile 
-  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
-  
Securities lending obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
127,673 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
127,673 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transactions with foreign banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Repurchase agreements with foreign central banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending obligations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transactions with other domestic entities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Repurchase agreement 
- 
 254,716  
 1,535  
 155  
 -  
 -  
 -  
256,406 
Securities lending obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
- 
 254,716  
 1,535  
 155  
 -  
 -  
 -  
256,406 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transactions with other foreign entities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Repurchase agreement 
          -  
804 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
804 
Securities lending obligations 
                -  
                        -  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
Subtotal 
          -  
804 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
804 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total 
 -  
 383,193  
 1,535  
 155  
 -  
 -  
 -  
384,883 
 
  
Maturity of the commitment as of December 31, 2021 
Entity type 
On demand 
Up to 1 month 
From 1 to 3 
months 
From 3 months 
to 1 year 
From 1 to 3 years From 3 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Transactions with domestic banks  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
2,641 
583 
24 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3,248 
Repurchase agreements with the Central Bank of Chile 
400 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
400 
Securities lending obligations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
3,041 
583 
24 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3,648 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transactions with foreign banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Repurchase agreements with foreign central banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending obligations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transactions with other domestic entities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Repurchase agreement 
24,599 
112,308 
623 
- 
- 
- 
- 
137,530 
Securities lending obligations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
24,599 
112,308 
623 
- 
- 
- 
- 
137,530 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transactions with other foreign entities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Repurchase agreement 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending obligations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total 
27,640 
112,891 
647 
- 
- 
- 
- 
141,178 
 
  
Maturity of the commitment as of January 1, 2021 
Entity type 
On demand 
Up to 1 month 
From 1 to 3 
months 
From 3 months 
to 1 year 
From 1 to 3 years From 3 to 5 years 
Over 5 years 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Transactions with domestic banks  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Repurchase agreements with the Central Bank of Chile 
- 
16,676 
5 
27 
- 
- 
- 
16,708 
Securities lending obligations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
16,676 
5 
27 
- 
- 
- 
16,708 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transactions with foreign banks 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Repurchase agreements with other banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Repurchase agreements with foreign central banks 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Securities lending obligations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transactions with other domestic entities 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Repurchase agreement 
- 
333,141 
               72 
393 
                            -  
                          -  
                          -  
333,606 
Securities lending obligations 
                -  
                       -  
               -  
                            -  
                  -  
                           -  
                          -  
                -  
Subtotal 
   -  
             333,141 
 72  
393 
                   -  
                          -  
                       -  
333,606 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transactions with other foreign entities  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Repurchase agreement 
         -  
                        -  
- 
- 
- 
- 
-  
          -  
Securities lending obligations 
                -  
                        -  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
                -  
Subtotal 
          -  
                        -  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
                       -  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Total 
  -  
349,817  
   77  
420 
- 
- 
- 
350,314 
 
 
 
 
 
F-341

--- Page 644 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 82 
 
NOTE 23 – REGULATORY CAPITAL FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS ISSUED 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the Bank and its subsidiaries do not record any default in the 
payment of their obligations with banks or any other associated breaches. 
 
b) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and as of January 1, 2021, the detail of the regulatory capital financial instruments issued is as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
  
2022 
2022 
2022 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
  
  
  
Subordinated bonds 
1,499,299 
1,332,936 
1,258,653 
Bonds without fixed maturity 
 -  
- 
- 
Preferred stock 
 -  
- 
- 
Total 
1,499,299 
1,332,936 
1,258,653 
 
c) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and as of January 1, 2021, movements in regulatory capital financial instruments issued are detailed as 
follows: 
 
  
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
  
Subordinated bonds 
Bonds without fixed maturity 
Preferred stock 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balances as of January 1, 2022 
 1,332,936  
- 
- 
New issues 
 -  
- 
- 
Acquisition or redemption by the issuer 
 -  
- 
- 
Modification of the issuance conditions 
 -  
- 
- 
Payment of interest to the holder 
 (59,127) 
- 
- 
Payment of principal to the holder 
 -  
- 
- 
Accrued interest 
 71,540  
- 
- 
Inflation-indexation accrued by the UF and/or the exchange rate 
 172,130  
- 
- 
Foreign currency translation differences 
 -  
- 
- 
Depreciation 
 -  
- 
- 
Revaluation 
 -  
- 
- 
Maturity 
 -  
- 
- 
Conversion to common stock 
 -  
- 
- 
Other 
 (18,180) 
- 
- 
Balances as of December 31, 2022 
 1,499,299  
- 
- 
 
  
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
  
Subordinated bonds 
Bonds without fixed maturity 
Preferred stock 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balances as of January 1, 2021 
1,258,653 
- 
- 
New issues 
- 
- 
- 
Acquisition or redemption by the issuer 
- 
- 
- 
Modification of the issuance conditions 
- 
- 
- 
Payment of interest to the holder 
(53,162) 
- 
- 
Payment of principal to the holder 
- 
- 
- 
Accrued interest 
63,806 
- 
- 
Inflation-indexation accrued by the UF and/or the exchange rate 
80,885 
- 
- 
Foreign currency translation differences 
- 
- 
- 
Depreciation 
- 
- 
- 
Revaluation 
- 
- 
- 
Maturity 
- 
- 
- 
Conversion to common stock 
- 
- 
- 
Other 
(17,246) 
- 
- 
Balances as of December 31, 2021 
1,332,936 
- 
- 
 
  
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
  
Subordinated bonds 
Bonds without fixed maturity 
Preferred stock 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balances as of January 1, 2020 
 940,621  
- 
- 
New issues 
 -  
- 
- 
Acquisition or redemption by the issuer 
 -  
- 
- 
Modification of the issuance conditions 
 -  
- 
- 
Payment of interest to the holder 
(59,127)  
- 
- 
Payment of principal to the holder 
 -  
- 
- 
Accrued interest 
 68,618  
- 
- 
Inflation-indexation accrued by the UF and/or the exchange rate 
 27,846  
- 
- 
Foreign currency translation differences 
 -  
- 
- 
Depreciation 
 -  
- 
- 
Revaluation 
 -  
- 
- 
Maturity 
 -  
- 
- 
Conversion to common stock 
 -  
- 
- 
Other 
 280,695  
- 
- 
Balances as of January 1, 2021 
 1,258,653  
- 
- 
 
 
 
F-342

--- Page 645 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 83 
 
As of December 31, 2022, subordinated bonds are as follows: 
 
 
SUBORDINATED BONDS IN UNIDADES DE FOMENTO 
Series 
Amount issued  
Amount placed 
Issuance 
Maturity 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
UF 
UF 
date 
date 
rate 
UF 
MCh$ 
SERIE_AD1 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
06-01-2010 
06-01-2040 
4.17% 
3,688,857 
129,519 
SERIE_AD2 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
06-01-2010 
06-01-2042 
4.14% 
2,744,044 
96,346 
SERIE_F 
1,200,000 
1,200,000 
05-01-1999 
05-01-2024 
7.73% 
147,626 
5,183 
SERIE_G 
400,000 
400,000 
05-01-1999 
05-01-2025 
7.92% 
78,896 
2,770 
SERIE_L 
1,200,000 
1,200,000 
10-01-2001 
10-01-2026 
6.39% 
356,088 
12,503 
SERIE_M 
1,800,000 
1,800,000 
10-01-2001 
10-01-2027 
6.43% 
632,713 
22,215 
SERIE_N 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
06-01-2004 
06-01-2029 
5.25% 
629,932 
22,118 
SERIE_O 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
06-01-2004 
06-01-2030 
3.93% 
642,771 
22,568 
SERIE_R 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
06-01-2005 
06-01-2038 
4.72% 
857,284 
30,100 
SERIE_S 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
12-01-2005 
12-01-2030 
4.86% 
923,409 
32,422 
SERIE_T 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
12-01-2005 
12-01-2031 
4.52% 
1,005,489 
35,304 
SERIE_U 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
06-01-2007 
06-01-2032 
4.19% 
1,944,836 
68,285 
SERIE_W 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
06-01-2008 
06-01-2036 
4.05% 
2,347,164 
82,411 
SERIE_Y 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
12-01-2007 
12-01-2030 
4.25% 
2,876,328 
100,991 
SERIE_AC 
6,000,000 
6,000,000 
03-01-2010 
03-01-2040 
3.96% 
5,687,549 
199,695 
SERIE_AH 
15,000,000 
9,000,000 
09-01-2013 
09-01-2043 
3.63% 
7,919,664 
278,068 
SERIE_B1S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2019 
12-01-2039 
1.32% 
3,314,978 
116,392 
SERIE_B2S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2019 
12-01-2044 
1.30% 
3,406,294 
119,598 
SERIE_B3S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
12-01-2019 
12-01-2049 
1.28% 
3,497,802 
122,811 
Total subordinated bonds 
60,100,000 
54,100,000 
  
  
  
42,701,724 
1,499,299 
 
As of December 31, 2021, subordinated bonds are as follows: 
 
SUBORDINATED BONDS IN UNIDADES DE FOMENTO 
Series 
Amount issued  
Amount placed 
Issuance 
Maturity 
Average 
Balance due 
Balance due 
UF 
UF 
date 
date 
rate 
UF 
MCh$ 
SERIES_F 
1,200,000 
1,200,000 
05-01-1999 
05-01-2024 
7.73% 
237,285 
7,354 
SERIES_G 
400,000 
400,000 
05-01-1999 
05-01-2025 
7.92% 
106,482 
3,300 
SERIES_L 
1,200,000 
1,200,000 
10-01-2001 
10-01-2026 
6.39% 
432,170 
13,394 
SERIES_M 
1,800,000 
1,800,000 
10-01-2001 
10-01-2027 
6.43% 
737,291 
22,850 
THEY LAUGH 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
01-06-2004 
06-01-2029 
5.25% 
709,562 
21,991 
SERIES_O 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
01-06-2004 
06-01-2030 
3.93% 
715,274 
22,168 
SERIES_R 
1,500,000 
1,500,000 
01-06-2005 
06-01-2038 
4.72% 
818,620 
25,370 
SERIES_S 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
12-01-2005 
12-01-2030 
4.86% 
1,016,145 
31,492 
SERIES_T 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
12-01-2005 
12-01-2031 
4.52% 
1,094,502 
33,921 
SERIES_U 
2,000,000 
2,000,000 
06-01-2007 
06-01-2032 
4.19% 
1,934,205 
59,944 
SERIES_Y 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
12-01-2007 
12-01-2030 
4.25% 
2,759,064 
85,508 
SERIES_W 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
06-01-2008 
06-01-2036 
4.05% 
2,255,804 
69,911 
SERIES_AC 
6,000,000 
6,000,000 
03-01-2010 
03-01-2040 
3.96% 
5,661,348 
175,455 
SERIES_AD 1 
4,000,000 
4,000,000 
06-01-2010 
06-01-2040 
4.17% 
3,666,989 
113,646 
SERIES_AD 2 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
06-01-2010 
06-01-2042 
4.14% 
2,729,361 
84,588 
SERIES_AH 
15,000,000 
9,000,000 
09-01-2013 
09-01-2043 
3.63% 
7,868,860 
243,869 
SERIES_B1S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
06-11-2020 
12-01-2039 
1.32% 
3,331,268 
103,241 
SERIES_B2S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
06-22-2020 
12-01-2044 
1.30% 
3,422,067 
106,056 
SERIES_B3S 
3,000,000 
3,000,000 
06-24-2020 
12-01-2049 
1.28% 
3,513,088 
108,878 
Total subordinated bonds 
60,100,000 
54,100,000 
  
  
  
43,009,385 
1,332,936 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-343

--- Page 646 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 84 
 
NOTE 24 – PROVISIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the provisions for contingencies are comprised of the 
following: 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
  
2022 
2021 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Provisions for employee benefit obligations 
 152,610  
110,595 
97,406 
Provisions recorded by a foreign bank branch for remittances of profits to its parent  
 -  
- 
- 
Provisions for restructuring plans 
 -  
- 
- 
Provisions for lawsuits and litigation 
 401  
400 
- 
Provisions for obligations related to customer loyalty and merit-based programs 
 7,827  
6,053 
5,739 
Provisions for operational risk 
 576  
661 
- 
Other provisions for other contingencies 
 66,302  
20,902 
27,819 
Total 
227,716 
138,611 
130,964 
 
b) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the provisions for employee benefit obligations are as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
  
2022 
2021 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Provision for short-term employee benefits 
 104,496  
56,186 
39,099 
Provision for post-employment employee benefits 
 -  
- 
- 
Provision for long-term employee benefits 
 -  
- 
- 
Provision for employee termination benefits 
 974  
901 
- 
Provision for share-based or equity payments to employees 
 -  
- 
- 
Provision for defined contribution post-employment plans 
 -  
- 
- 
Provision for post-employment defined benefit plans 
 -  
- 
- 
Provision for other personnel liabilities 
 47,140  
53,508 
58,307 
Total 
152,610 
110,595 
97,406 
 
c) Movements in the provision for performance bonuses as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 are as follows: 
 
  
Provision for performance bonuses 
  
December 31, 2022 
December 31, 2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 
 62,167  
 63,769  
Provisions recorded 
 83,419  
 78,710  
Provisions accrued 
 (57,909) 
 (80,312) 
Provisions used 
 (1,525) 
 -  
Other changes 
 (732) 
 -  
  
Total as of December 31,  
85,420 
62,167 
 
d) Movements in the provision for accrued vacations as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 are as follows: 
 
  
Provision for accrued vacations 
  
December 31, 2022 
December 31, 2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 
 17,351  
15,828 
Provisions recorded 
 16,999  
16,398 
Provisions accrued 
 (15,286) 
(12,829) 
Provisions used 
 -  
 -  
Other changes 
 2,327  
(2,046) 
  
Total as of December 31, 
21,391 
17,351 
 
 
 
F-344

--- Page 647 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 85 
 
NOTE 25 – PROVISIONS FOR DIVIDENDS, INTEREST PAYMENTS AND REVALUATION OF REGULATORY CAPITAL FINANCIAL 
INSTRUMENTS 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and as of January 1, 2021, the detail of the provisions for dividends, interest payments and revaluation of 
regulatory capital financial instruments is as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
  
2022 
2022 
2022 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Provisions for dividends, interest payment and revaluation of regulatory capital 
financial instruments issued 
  
  
  
Provisions for dividends 
246,247 
156,117 
95,236 
Provision for interest payment on bonds without fixed maturity  
-  
- 
- 
Provision for revaluation of bonds without fixed maturity 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
246,247 
156,117 
95,236 
 
b) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and as of January 1, 2021, movements in provisions for dividends, interest payments and revaluation of 
regulatory capital financial instruments are detailed as follows: 
 
  
  
  
  
Provisions 
Provisions for dividends 
Provision for interest 
payment on bonds 
without maturity date 
Provision for revaluation 
of bonds without 
maturity date 
Total 
Common stock 
Preferred stock 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balances as of January 1, 2022 
156,117 
- 
- 
- 
156,117 
Provisions recorded 
 246,247  
- 
- 
- 
246,247 
Provisions accrued 
 (156,117) 
- 
- 
- 
 (156,117) 
Provisions used 
                                    -  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Balance as of December 31, 2022 
246,247 
- 
- 
- 
246,247 
 
  
  
  
  
Provisions 
Provisions for dividends 
Provision for interest 
payment on bonds 
without maturity date 
Provision for revaluation 
of bonds without 
maturity date 
Total 
Common stock 
Preferred stock 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balances as of January 1, 2021 
95,236 
- 
- 
- 
95,236 
Provisions recorded 
156,117 
- 
- 
- 
156,117 
Provisions accrued 
(95,236) 
- 
- 
- 
(95,236) 
Release of provisions 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 
156,117 
- 
- 
- 
156,117 
 
  
  
  
  
Provisions 
Provisions for dividends 
Provision for interest 
payment on bonds 
without maturity date 
Provision for revaluation 
of bonds without 
maturity date 
Total 
Common stock 
Preferred stock 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balances as of January 1, 2020 
120,794 
- 
- 
- 
120,794 
Provisions recorded 
95,236 
- 
- 
- 
95,236 
Provisions accrued 
(120,794) 
- 
- 
- 
(120,794) 
Release of provisions 
-  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Balance as of January 1, 2021 
95,236 
- 
- 
- 
95,236 
 
NOTE 26 – SPECIAL PROVISIONS FOR CREDIT LOSS 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, special provisions for credit loss are as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
  
2022 
2022 
2022 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Provisions for credit loss for contingent loans 
 60,252  
58,441 
44,713 
Provisions for country risk for operations with debtors domiciled abroad 
 4,716  
3,481 
3,608 
Special provisions for foreign loans 
- 
- 
- 
Additional provisions for loans 
 415,022  
350,143 
160,176 
Provisions for adjustments to the minimum required provision for normal 
portfolio assessed on a stand-alone basis 
 11,065  
- 
- 
Provisions accrued for credit loss as a result of complementary prudential 
requirements 
 -  
- 
- 
Total 
491,055 
412,065 
208,497 
 
 
 
 
F-345

--- Page 648 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 86 
 
b) As December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the provisions for credit loss for contingent loans are as follows: 
 
  
  
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
2022 
2021 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Provisions for credit loss for contingent loans 
  
  
  
Guarantors and surety bonds 
 3,498  
4,606 
 3,719  
Confirmed foreign letters of credit 
 646  
955 
 721  
Documentary letters of credit issued 
 -  
  
- 
Transactions related to contingent events 
 19,324  
13,588 
9,979 
Subtotal 
 23,468  
19,149 
14,419 
  
  
  
Undrawn lines of credit in: 
  
  
Current account - business portfolio 
 16,543  
21,363 
 7,197  
Credit card - business portfolio 
 3,980  
- 
 -  
Current account - consumer portfolio 
 1,492  
1,392 
 1,360  
Credit card - consumer portfolio 
 10  
5,634 
 7,943  
Subtotal 
 22,025  
28,389 
16,500 
  
  
  
Other credit commitments 
  
  
Credits for higher education Law No. 20.027 (CAE) 
 3  
9 
 12  
Other irrevocable credit commitments 
 6,367  
3,559 
 2,942  
Subtotal 
 6,370  
3,568 
2,954 
  
  
  
Undrawn credit lines with immediate termination in: 
  
  
Current account – business portfolio 
 -  
- 
 -  
Credit card – business portfolio 
 -  
- 
 -  
Current account – consumer portfolio 
 42  
- 
 -  
Credit card – consumer portfolio 
 8,347  
7,335 
 10,840  
Subtotal 
 8,389  
7,335 
10,840 
  
  
  
Commitments to acquire debt in local currency abroad 
 -  
- 
 -  
Other contingent loans 
 -  
- 
 -  
Provisions for country risk for operations with debtors domiciled abroad 
 4,716  
3,481 
 3,608  
Special provisions for loans abroad 
 -  
- 
 -  
Additional provisions for loans 
 415,022  
350,143 
 160,176  
Provisions for adjustments to the minimum required provision for normal portfolio assessed on a stand-
alone basis 
11,065 
- 
- 
Provisions accrued for credit loss as a result of complementary prudential requirements 
 -  
- 
- 
Subtotal 
 430,803  
353,624 
163,784 
 
 
 
 
Total 
 491,055  
412,065 
208,497 
 
c) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, movements in special provisions for credit loss are as follows: 
 
  
Credit risk for 
contingent loans 
Country risk for 
transactions with 
debtors domiciled 
abroad 
Special provisions for 
loans abroad 
Additional provisions 
for loans 
Adjustments to 
provisions for 
adjustments to the 
minimum required 
provision for normal 
portfolio assessed on 
a stand-alone basis 
Provisions accrued for 
credit loss as a result 
of complementary 
prudential 
requirements 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2022 
58,440 
3,482 
- 
350,143 
- 
- 
412,065 
Provisions recorded 
 41,145  
 1,447  
 -  
 81,900  
 11,065  
 -  
 135,557  
Provisions accrued 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Provisions used 
 (39,274) 
 (196) 
 -  
 (16,882) 
 -  
 -  
 (56,352) 
Exchange rate variation 
 (59) 
 (17) 
 -  
 (139) 
 -  
 -  
 (215) 
Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 60,252  
 4,716  
 -  
 415,022  
 11,065  
 -  
 491,055  
 
 
  
Credit risk for 
contingent loans 
Country risk for 
transactions with 
debtors domiciled 
abroad 
Special provisions for 
loans abroad 
Additional provisions 
for loans 
Adjustments to 
provisions for 
adjustments to the 
minimum required 
provision for normal 
portfolio assessed on 
a stand-alone basis 
Provisions accrued for 
credit loss as a result 
of complementary 
prudential 
requirements 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Balance as of January 1, 2021 
44,713 
3,608 
- 
160,176 
- 
- 
208,497 
Provisions recorded 
25,146 
433 
- 
214,128 
- 
- 
239,707 
Provisions accrued 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Provisions used 
(12,419) 
(1,219) 
- 
(32,712) 
- 
- 
(46,350) 
Exchange rate variation 
1,001 
659 
- 
8,551 
- 
- 
10,211 
Balance as of December 31, 2021 
58,441 
3,481 
- 
350,143 
- 
- 
412,065 
 
 
 
 
F-346

--- Page 649 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 87 
 
NOTE 27 – OTHER LIABILITIES 
 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 and beginning balances as of January 1, 2021, other liabilities are as follows: 
 
  
  
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
2022 
2021 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Cash guarantees received for derivative financial operations 
 715,387  
 473,046  
249,726 
Creditors for brokerage of financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
- 
Accounts payable to third parties 
 534,906  
 758,680  
733,668 
Accounts receivable from subsidiaries for services rendered (applicable only at individual bank level) 
 -  
 19,042  
20,698 
Agreed dividends payable 
 -  
 -  
- 
Valuation adjustments for macro hedges 
 20,267  
 5,934  
- 
Liability for revenue from contract with customers 
 41,229  
 37,332  
28,568 
VAT fiscal debit payable 
 15,031  
 13,925  
8,072 
Other cash collateral received 
 -  
 -  
- 
Pending transactions 
 38,707  
 32,300  
29,171 
Other liabilities  
 21,135  
 24,251  
7,901 
Total 
 1,386,662  
 1,364,510  
1,077,804 
 
NOTE 28 – EQUITY 
 
a) 
Paid-in capital and shares 
 
The changes in common shares as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, are as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
  
2022 
2021 
  
Number 
Number 
  
  
  
Shares issued as of January 1 
155,886,505 
148,767,940 
Issuance of bonus shares 
12,950,840 
7,118,565 
Shares subscribed and paid for capital increase 
- 
- 
Total issued 
168,837,345 
155,886,505 
 
b) 
Shareholders 
 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the distribution of shareholders is as follows: 
 
As of December 31, 2022,  
Shares 
Number of shares 
Ownership % 
Empresas Juan Yarur S.P.A. (Parent) 
93,467,212 
55.36% 
Banco de Chile on behalf of non-resident third parties 
10,677,630 
6.32% 
Banchile Corredores de Bolsa S.A. 
6,256,340 
3.71% 
Banco Santander on behalf of Foreign Investors 
4,299,178 
2.55% 
AFP Habitat S.A. 
4,204,591 
2.49% 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A. on behalf of third parties. 
3,997,804 
2.37% 
AFP Provida S.A. 
3,289,875 
1.95% 
AFP Capital S.A. 
3,086,939 
1.83% 
Larraín Vial S.A. Corredora de Bolsa 
2,968,443 
1.76% 
Inversiones Cerro Sombrero Financiero S.P.A. 
2,872,748 
1.70% 
Imsa Financiera S.P.A. 
2,520,016 
1.49% 
Inversiones Nueva Altamira S.P.A 
2,229,718 
1.32% 
Inversiones VYR S.P.A. 
1,924,556 
1.14% 
AFP Cuprum S.A. 
1,831,166 
1.08% 
Inversiones Tarascona Corporation Agencia en Chile 
1,721,399 
1.02% 
Jorge Yarur Bascuñán 
1,624,031 
0.96% 
Luis Enrique Yarur Rey 
1,125,267 
0.67% 
AFP Modelo S.A. 
1,086,439 
0.64% 
BTG Pactual Chile S.A. Corredores de Bolsa 
1,035,947 
0.61% 
Empresas JY S.A. 
928,693 
0.55% 
Bolsa de Comercio de Santiago Bolsa de Valores 
862,462 
0.51% 
Bolsa Electrónica de Chile Bolsa de Valores 
789,698 
0.47% 
Inversiones Colibrí Financiera S.A.  
788,452 
0.47% 
Credicorp Capital S.A. Corredores de Bolsa 
770,064 
0.46% 
AFP Planvital S.A. 
662,643 
0.39% 
Other Shareholders 
13,816,034 
8.18% 
Shares subscribed and paid 
168,837,345 
100.00%  
 
 
 
F-347

--- Page 650 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 88 
 
 
As of December 31, 2021 
Shares 
Number of 
shares 
Number of shares 
  
  
  
Companies Juan Yarur SPA (Controller) 
86,297,708 
55.36% 
Banco de Chile on behalf of non-resident third parties 
8,993,578 
5.77% 
Jorge Yarur Bascuñán 
3,921,535 
2.52% 
Banco Santander on behalf of Foreign Investors 
3,883,578 
2.49% 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa SA on behalf of third parties. 
3,843,412 
2.47% 
AFP Habitat S.A. 
3,826,906 
2.45% 
AFP Provida SA 
3,251,359 
2.09% 
Larrain Vial SA Stockbroker 
3,064,000 
1.97% 
AFP Capital S.A. 
2,652,390 
1.70% 
Investments Cerro Sombrero Financial SPA 
2,367,117 
1.52% 
Banchile Brokers SA 
2,326,715 
1.49% 
Imsa Financial SPA 
2,139,987 
1.37% 
AFP Cuprum SA 
1,971,204 
1.26% 
Inversiones Tarascona Corporation Agency in Chile 
1,802,789 
1.16% 
Investments VYR SPA 
1,776,930 
1.14% 
Investments Nueva Altamira SPA 
1,662,255 
1.07% 
Luis Enrique Yarur Rey 
1,555,849 
1.00% 
Investments Meyar SAC 
1,541,786 
0.99% 
Santiago Stock Exchange Stock Exchange 
1,499,458 
0.96% 
AFP Model SA 
869,942 
0.56% 
Companies JY SA 
857,457 
0.55% 
Credicorp Capital SA Stock Brokers 
727,972 
0.47% 
Inversiones Colibri Financial SA 
578,279 
0.37% 
BTG Pactual Chile SA Stockbrokers 
528,058 
0.34% 
Compañía de Seguros de Vida Consorcio Nacional de Seguros S.A. 
521,980 
0.33% 
Other Shareholders 
13,424,261 
8.60% 
Shares subscribed and paid 
155,886,505 
100.00% 
 
c) 
Dividends 
 
During the periods ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the following dividends were declared by the Bank: 
 
  
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
2022 
2021 
$ per common share 
$1,010 
$700 
 
The provision for minimum dividend as of December 31, 2022, amounts to MCh$246,247 (MCh$156,117 as of December 31, 2021). 
 
d) 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, diluted and basic earnings per share are as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
  
2022 
2021 
Earnings attributable to equity holders of the parent 
820,822 
520,391 
Profit available to shareholders in MCh$ 
820,822 
520,391 
Weighted average number of shares 
144,922,480 
142,299,514 
Basic earnings per share ($/share) 
5,664 
3,657 
 
Items that can be classified in profit or loss 
 
• 
Foreign currency translation differences of foreign entities: 
 
They arise from exchange differences arising from the translation of a net investment in foreign entities whose functional currency is different from 
the parent company's functional currency. 
 
• 
Cash flow hedge: 
 
They arise from the valuation at fair value at the end of each period of the derivative contracts that have been defined as cash flow hedges. 
 
• 
Changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 
The fair value reserve includes the accumulated net changes in the market value of investments available-for-sale. When (all or part of) the investment  
is sold or disposed of, these reserves are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the Period as part of the gain or loss related to 
investments (Note 1 (t) states the accounting treatment in case of impairment). 
 
Items that will not subsequently be reclassified to profit or loss 
 
Net changes in the fair value of equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
 
They relate to equity instruments (shares) for minority investments in companies recorded in accordance with IFRS 9, under which changes in the 
fair value of such instruments shall irrevocably be recorded in other comprehensive income after initial recognition. 
 
 
 
F-348

--- Page 651 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 89 
 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, changes in Other Comprehensive Income are as follows: 
 
  
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
  
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
Items that can be reclassified to profit or loss 
  
Re-
measurement of 
the net defined 
benefit liability 
(asset) and 
actuarial results 
for other 
employee 
benefit plans 
Net changes in 
the fair value of 
equity 
instruments at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Changes in the fair 
value of financial 
liabilities at fair 
value through 
profit or loss 
attributable to 
changes in the 
credit risk of the 
financial liability 
Share in other 
comprehensive 
income of 
entities 
accounted for 
under the equity 
method 
Non-current 
assets and 
disposal 
groups held 
for sale 
Other 
Income 
tax 
Subtotal 
Changes in fair 
value of 
financial assets 
at fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Translation 
differences 
for foreign 
entities 
Accounting 
hedges of net 
investments 
in foreign 
entities 
Cash flow 
hedge 
Items not 
designated as 
hedging 
instruments 
Share in other 
comprehensive 
income of 
entities 
accounted for 
under the equity 
method 
Non-current 
assets and 
disposal 
groups held 
for sale 
Other 
Income tax 
Subtotal 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Closing balance 
as of December 
31, 2021 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
- 
            -  
(242,905) 
405,367 
                  -  
177,037 
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
- 
(36,959) 
302,540 
Effect of the 
correction or 
errors 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
- 
            -  
 -  
  
-  
                  -  
                -  
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
       -  
  
-  
- 
Effects of 
changes in 
accounting 
policies 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
- 
            -  
(13,285) 
  
-  
                  -  
                -  
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
       -  
- 
(13,285) 
Opening balance 
as of January 1, 
2022 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
- 
            -  
 (256,190) 
405,367 
                  -  
177,037 
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
- 
(36,959) 
289,255 
Profit for the 
period 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
- 
            -  
 -  
  
-  
                  -  
                -  
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
       -  
  
-  
               -  
Other 
comprehensive 
income for the 
period 
 (132) 
 (50) 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
- 
  
(182)  
 (384,996) 
(19,997) 
                  -  
(36,129) 
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
- 
154,260 
(286,862) 
Closing balance 
as of December 
31, 2022 
  
(132)  
  
(50)  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
- 
  
(182)  
  
(641,186) 
  
385,370 
                  -  
  
140,908 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
- 
  
117,301 
  
2,393 
 
  
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
  
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss 
  
Re-
measurement of 
the net defined 
benefit liability 
(asset) and 
actuarial results 
for other 
employee 
benefit plans 
Net changes in 
the fair value of 
equity 
instruments at 
fair value 
through other 
comprehensive 
income 
Changes in the fair 
value of financial 
liabilities at fair 
value through 
profit or loss 
attributable to 
changes in the 
credit risk of the 
financial liability 
Share in other 
comprehensive 
income of 
entities 
accounted for 
under the equity 
method 
Non-current 
assets and 
disposal 
groups held 
for sale 
Other 
Income 
tax 
Subtotal 
Changes in fair 
value of financial 
assets at fair 
value through 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
Translation 
differences 
for foreign 
entities 
Accounting 
hedges of net 
investments 
in foreign 
entities 
Cash flow 
hedge 
Items not 
designated as 
hedging 
instruments 
Share in other 
comprehensive 
income of 
entities 
accounted for 
under the equity 
method 
Non-current 
assets and 
disposal 
groups held 
for sale 
Other 
Income tax 
Subtotal 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Closing balance 
as of December 
31, 2020 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
77,966 
79,987 
- 
(176,292) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
40,562 
22,223 
Effect of the 
correction or 
errors 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Effects of 
changes in 
accounting 
policies 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
- 
        -  
29,233 
  
-  
                  -  
                -  
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
       -  
- 
29,223 
Opening balance 
as of January 1, 
2021 
  
-  
  
-  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
- 
            -  
107,199 
79,987 
                  -  
(176,292) 
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
- 
40,562 
51,456 
51, Profit for the 
period 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
- 
            -  
  
-  
  
-  
                  -  
                -  
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
       -  
  
-  
               -  
Other 
comprehensive 
income for the 
period 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
- 
       -  
 (350,104) 
 325,380  
                  -  
353,329 
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
- 
(77,521) 
251,084 
Closing balance 
as of December 
31, 2021 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
       -  
- 
        -  
(242,905) 
 405,367  
                  -  
177,037 
  
-  
               -  
  
-  
- 
(36,959) 
302,540 
 
 
 
F-349

--- Page 652 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 90 
 
 
NOTE 29 – CONTINGENCIES AND COMMITMENTS 
 
a) Lawsuits and legal proceedings 
 
Banco BCI 
 
The Bank and its subsidiaries record several lawsuits related to their activities which, considering their background and grounds for the defensive 
arguments presented, in the opinion of Management and the internal legal advisors, will not generate liabilities or obligations in addition to those 
previously recorded by the Bank and its subsidiaries. Therefore, it has not been considered necessary to record a provision in addition to the one 
recorded for these contingencies. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank and its subsidiaries had provisions for civil, labor, and other claims amounting 
to MCh$715 (MCh$724 as of December 31, 2021). 
 
b) Guarantees granted for operations: 
 
• 
Direct commitments 
 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Bank does not maintain guarantees for this concept. 
 
• 
Guarantees for operations 
 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A. 
 
As of December 31, 2022, this Company has collateralized the commitments for simultaneous operations in the Santiago Stock Exchange, whose 
valuation amounts to MCh$61,0061 (MCh$76,147 as of December 31, 2021). 
 
As of December 31, 2022, the Company has provided guarantees for the correct fulfillment of the settlement of CCLV system operations in the Santiago 
Stock Exchange for MCh$7,763 (MCh$24,081 as of December 31, 2021). 
 
As of December 31, 2022, the Company has provided guarantees for the correct fulfillment in the settlement of CCLV system operations with 
derivatives in the Santiago Stock Exchange MCh$495 (MCh$605 as of December 31, 2021). 
 
As of S December 31, 2022, the Company maintains guarantees abroad for international market operations for MCh$42 (MCh$43 as of December 31, 
2021). 
 
As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have any guaranteed bonds (MCh$15 as of December 31, 2021). 
 
As of December 31, 2022, the Company has a guarantee amounting to UF20,000 to comply with the provisions of Article 30 of Law 18.045, which aims 
to ensure the correct and full compliance with all its obligations as a securities broker and whose beneficiaries are the present or future creditors that 
it has or may have as a result of its brokerage operations. This guarantee corresponds to a policy contracted on August 19, 2022 (Nº330-22-00033372) 
valid until August 19, 2023, with Compañía de Seguros de Mapfre Garantía y Crédito, being the Santiago Stock Exchange (Bolsa de Comercio de 
Santiago, Bolsa de Valores) the representative of the possible beneficiary creditors. 
 
As of December 31, 2022, the Company maintains a guarantee amounting to UF10,000 to comply with the provisions of Article No. 12 and following 
and 99 and following of Law No. 20.712, which guarantees the faithful compliance with the obligations of BCI Corredor de Bolsa for the management 
of third-party funds and portfolio. This guarantee is effective from November 7, 2022 to November 7, 2023. 
 
Employee fidelity insurance or employee loyalty insurance 
 
As of December 31, 2022, BCI Corredor de Bolsa S.A. has an insurance policy taken out with Southbridge Compañía de Seguros Generales S.A., which 
covers Banco Crédito e Inversiones and its subsidiaries from May 31, 2022, to November 30, 2023, for an amount of UF500,000. 
 
BCI Corredores de Seguros S.A. 
 
As of December 31, 2022, the Company has contracted the following insurance policies to comply with the provisions of letter d) of Article No. 58 of 
Decree with Force of Law No. 251 of 1931, to guarantee the correct and full compliance with all the obligations arising from its activity: 
 
Guarantee Policy for Insurance Brokers No. 100-49-989 for an insured amount of UF500 contracted with Compañía de Seguros Generales Consorcio 
Nacional de Seguros S.A., valid from April 15, 2022, to April 14, 2023, establishing the right of the insurance company to reimburse the broker for all 
amounts disbursed by the former to pay third-parties affected by the broker's deficient brokerage. 
 
Professional Civil Liability Policy for Insurance Brokers No. 100-49-262 for an insured amount of UF60,000, contracted with Compañía de Seguros 
Generales Consorcio Nacional de Seguros S.A., valid from April 15, 2022, to April 14, 2023, to protect the broker against possible claims by third parties, 
with the insurance company having the power to request the broker to reimburse the amount paid to the claiming third-party. 
 
BCI Factoring S.A. 
 
As of December 31, 2022, the Company has approved coverage lines for operators of the Factor Chain International in the amount of MCh$0 
(ThCh$1,233 as of December 2021), of which MCh$0 (MCh$0 as of December 2021) have been used. 
 
 
 
BCI Corredores de Bolsa de Productos S.A. 
 
As of December 31, 2022, the Company has Surety Bond No.609566 taken with Banco de Crédito e Inversiones, for UF6,000, in favor of Bolsa de 
Productos Agropecuarios SA, to guarantee compliance with the Company's obligations as a product broker in favor of its principals in compliance with 
article 11 of Law 19.220. The possibility of paying this bond is covered by a "credit line opening agreement to cover potential guarantee payments 
issued in Chilean pesos or foreign currency", which is in the possession of the financial institution and is valid up to October 19, 2023. 
 
F-350

--- Page 653 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 91 
 
 
As of December 31, 2022, the Company has Bond No.609565 taken with Banco de Crédito e Inversiones, for UF2,000, in favor of Bolsa de Productos 
Agropecuarios SA, to guarantee compliance with all its obligations as a product broker in relation to operations invoiced to the Company. The 
possibility of paying this bond is covered by a "credit line opening agreement to cover potential guarantee payments issued in Chilean pesos or foreign 
currency", which is in the possession of the financial institution and is valid up to October 19, 2023. 
 
BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos S.A.  
 
Guarantees established in articles 12, 13 and 14 of the Single Fund Law No.20.712. 
 
As of December 31, 2022, there are guarantee policies for all funds and portfolio management, amounting to MCh$105,326 
 
Fund 
Type of Guarantee 
Amount 
Amount Issued 
  
  
MCh$ 
UF 
Fund 
Surety bonds in UF 
95,167 
2,711,314.37 
Portfolio Management 
Surety bonds in UF 
10,129 
288,487.24 
Other guarantees 
Surety bonds in UF 
- 
- 
Total 
105,296 
2,999,801.61  
 
This is in conformity with the provisions of article 226 of Law No.18.045 of the Securities Market and NCG No.125 of 2001, which state that General 
Fund Administrators must permanently maintain a guarantee for each managed fund, which must always be equivalent to UF10,000 or 1% of the 
average equity of the corresponding calendar year prior to the date of its determination. 
 
Similarly, in order to comply with the requirements of Title IV of Circular 1790, mutual funds defined as collateralized structured funds must have at 
all times a guarantee granted by a third-party other than the management company. 
 
To ensure compliance with these regulations, BCI Asset Management Administradora General de Fondos S.A. maintains Surety Bonds with the Bank. 
 
a) As of 31 December 31, 2022, and 2021 and opening balances as of January 1, 2021, the composition of the contingent receivables are as 
follows: 
 
  
  
  
December 31, 
December 31, 
January 1, 
2022 
2021 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Guarantees and finance 
 329,687  
 277,922  
 196,037  
Guarantees and finance in Chilean currency 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Guarantees and finance in foreign currency 
 329,687  
 277,922  
 196,037  
Letters of credit for merchandise circulation transactions 
 257,529  
 366,531  
 322,318  
Commitments to purchase debt in local currency abroad 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Transactions related to contingent events 
 2,681,573  
 2,262,375  
 1,819,884  
Transactions related to contingent events in Chilean currency 
 1,742,679  
 1,508,048  
 1,222,972  
Transactions related to contingent events in foreign currencies 
 938,894  
 754,327  
 596,912  
Undrawn lines of credit with immediate cancellation 
 3,833,454  
 3,918,241  
 3,608,571  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed in current account - commercial portfolio 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Available balance of credit line in credit card - commercial portfolio 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed in current account - consumer portfolio 
 1,915  
 1  
 -  
Available balance of line of credit on credit card - consumer portfolio 
 3,831,539  
 3,918,240  
 3,608,571  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed on current account - portfolio due from banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Unrestricted lines of credit 
 4,790,828  
 4,458,177  
 3,637,047  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed in current account - commercial portfolio 
 4,044,000  
 2,881,251  
 2,184,402  
Available balance of credit line in credit card - commercial portfolio 
 316,846  
 324,665  
 298,285  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed in current account - consumer portfolio 
 429,982  
 1,211,957  
 1,108,319  
Available balance of line of credit on credit card - consumer portfolio 
 -  
 40,304  
 46,041  
Available balance of line of credit and overdraft line of credit agreed on current account - portfolio due from banks 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other credit commitments 
 970,825  
 790,744  
 434,866  
Loans for higher education studies Law No. 20,027 
 2,260  
 3,097  
 4,608  
Other irrevocable credit commitments 
 968,565  
 787,647  
 430,258  
Other contingent loans 
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total 
12,863,896 
12,073,990 
10,018,723 
 
 
 
F-351

--- Page 654 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 92 
 
 
NOTE 30 – INTEREST INCOME AND EXPENSES 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, interest income and expense are as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
  
2022 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Interest income 
2,903,692 
1,709,828 
Interest expenses 
(1,343,274) 
(349,599) 
Total net interest income 
1,560,418 
1,360,229 
 
b) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, net interest income is comprised of the following: 
 
  
December 31, 
  
2022 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Interest income 
  
  
  
  
  
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
  
  
Rights for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
5,871 
378 
Debt financial instruments 
45,590 
2,721 
Debts held by banks 
21,614 
6,697 
Commercial loans 
1,561,194 
958,633 
Mortgage housing loans 
275,849 
216,820 
Consumer loans 
512,443 
407,323 
Other financial instruments 
77,156 
4,305 
Subtotal 
2,499,717 
1,596,877 
  
  
  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
  
  
Debt financial instruments 
365,897 
132,993 
Other financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
365,897 
132,993 
  
  
  
Gain (loss) from interest rate risk hedges 
  
  
Profit from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
221,410 
113,923 
Loss from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
(183,332) 
(133,965) 
Results from adjustment of hedged financial assets 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
38,078 
(20,042) 
  
  
  
Total interest income 
2,903,692 
1,709,828 
  
  
  
Interest expenses 
  
  
  
  
  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost: 
  
  
Deposits and other obligations on demand 
(95,419) 
(31,676) 
Deposits and other time deposits 
(768,882) 
(78,023) 
Obligations for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
(21,320) 
(1,800) 
Bank borrowings 
(95,268) 
(45,855) 
Debt financial instruments issued 
(185,000) 
(149,958) 
Other financial obligations 
(36,189) 
(5,639) 
Subtotal 
(1,202,078) 
(312,951) 
  
  
  
Lease liabilities 
(2,897) 
(3,348) 
  
  
  
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
(48,567) 
(44,404) 
  
  
  
Gain (loss) from interest rate risk hedges 
  
  
Gain from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
425,576 
190,806 
Loss from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
(508,177) 
(192,422) 
Gain (loss) from adjustment of hedged financial liabilities 
(7,131) 
12,720 
Subtotal 
(89,732) 
11,104 
  
  
  
Total interest expense 
(1,343,274) 
(349,599) 
  
  
  
Net interest income 
1,560,418 
1,360,229 
 
c) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, suspended interest income is as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
  
2022 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Suspended interest income 
  
  
Debts held by banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 4,932  
 1,645  
Mortgage housing loans 
 3,671  
 1,315  
Consumer loans 
 287  
 -  
Total 
 8,890  
 2,960  
 
d) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, interest income received is as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
  
2022 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Interest received from impaired portfolio 
  
  
Debts held by banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 7,844  
 3,339  
Mortgage housing loans 
 9,627  
 889  
Consumer loans 
 5,566  
 8  
Total 
 23,037  
 4,236  
 
 
 
F-352

--- Page 655 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 93 
 
 
NOTE 31 – INFLATION-INDEXATION INCOME AND EXPENSES 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, inflation-indexation income and expenses are as follows: 
 
  
  
  
December 31, 
2022 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Inflation-indexation income from  
1,476,901 
655,232 
Inflation-indexation expenses 
(727,603) 
(315,057) 
Total net inflation-indexation income 
749,298 
340,175 
 
b) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the net inflation-indexation income is as follows: 
 
  
  
  
December 31, 
2022 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Inflation-indexation income 
  
  
  
  
  
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
  
  
Rights for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 -  
 248  
Debt financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
Debts held by banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 664,291  
 334,076  
Mortgage housing loans 
 1,140,179  
 512,602  
Consumer loans 
 2,665  
 1,787  
Other financial instruments 
 12,115  
 3,504  
Subtotal 
 1,819,250  
 852,217  
  
  
  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
  
  
Debt financial instruments 
 228,673  
 98,800  
Other financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 228,673  
 98,800  
  
  
  
Gain (loss) from interest rate risk hedges  
  
  
Gain from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 83,137  
 103,455  
Loss from financial derivative contracts for accounting coverage 
 (651,625) 
 (335,209) 
Results from adjustment of hedged financial assets 
 (2,534) 
 (64,031) 
Subtotal 
 (571,022) 
 (295,785) 
  
  
  
Total Inflation-indexation income 
 1,476,901  
 655,232  
  
  
  
Inflation-indexation expenses  
  
  
  
  
  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost: 
  
  
Deposits and other obligations on demand 
 (8,297) 
 (4,027) 
Deposits and other time deposits 
 (51,792) 
 (7,898) 
Obligations for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 435  
 (7,369) 
Bank borrowings 
 1,061  
 1,264  
Debt financial instruments issued 
 (567,054) 
 (280,688) 
Other financial obligations 
 (31,591) 
 (28,589) 
Subtotal 
 (657,238) 
 (327,307) 
  
  
Gain (loss) from interest rate risk hedges  
  
  
Gain from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 691,149  
 95,291  
Loss from financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 (584,590) 
 -  
Gain (loss) from adjustment of hedged financial liabilities 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 106,559  
 95,291  
 
 
 
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued: 
 
 
Subordinated bonds 
 (176,924) 
 (83,041) 
Bonds without fixed maturity 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 (176,924) 
 (83,041) 
  
  
  
Total inflation-indexation expenses 
 (727,603) 
 (315,057) 
  
  
  
Net inflation-indexation income 
 749,298  
 340,175  
 
c) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, income from suspended inflation-indexation is as follows: 
 
  
  
  
December 31, 
2022 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Income from suspended inflation-indexation 
  
  
Debts held by banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 1,071  
 189  
Mortgage housing loans 
 37,802  
 2,117  
Consumer loans 
 35  
 3  
Total 
 38,908  
 2,309  
 
d) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, income from inflation-indexation received is as follows: 
 
  
  
  
December 31,  
2022 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Income from inflation-indexation received 
  
  
Debts held by banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 7,971  
 299  
Mortgage housing loans 
 9,846  
 871  
Consumer loans 
 827  
 4  
Total 
 18,644  
 1,174  
 
 
 
F-353

--- Page 656 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 94 
 
 
NOTE 32 – FEE INCOME AND EXPENSES  
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, fee income and expenses are as follows: 
 
  
  
  
December 31,  
2022 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Fee income 
  
  
Loan prepayment fees 
 4,508  
 9,108  
Fes for loans with letters of credit 
 -  
 -  
Fees for lines of credit and checking account overdrafts 
 35,003  
 29,613  
Fees for card services 
 112,827  
 99,309  
Account management fees 
 60,022  
 52,810  
Fees for collections and payments 
 82,067  
 66,245  
Fees for securities brokerage and management (Stockbrokers and/or Securities Agency) 
 7,313  
 8,012  
Fees for administration of mutual funds, investment funds or other 
 59,463  
 58,802  
Fees for brokerage and insurance advisory services 
 58,652  
 60,296  
Fees for factoring services 
 5,277  
 4,933  
Fees for finance lease transaction services 
 -  
 -  
Fees for securitizations 
 159  
 99  
Fees for financial advisory services 
 11,095  
 16,428  
Other fees earned 
 71,942  
 77,850  
Total fee income 
 508,328  
 483,505  
  
  
  
Fee expenses 
  
  
Fee for card operation 
 (42,709) 
 (46,184) 
License fees for the use of card brands 
 -  
 -  
Other fees for services linked to the credit card system and payment cards with provision of funds as a means of payment 
 -  
 -  
Expenses for obligations of loyalty programs and merits for card customers 
 (27,039) 
 (20,744) 
Fees for securities trading  
 (42,072) 
 (33,610) 
Other commissions for services received 
 (29,597) 
 (27,337) 
Total commission expenses 
 (141,417) 
 (127,875) 
  
  
  
Total net fee income 
 366,911  
 355,630  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-354

--- Page 657 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 95 
 
 
NOTE 33 – NET FINANCIAL INCOME (EXPENSE) 
 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the net financial income (expense) is as follows: 
 
 
December 31, 
  
2022 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss: 
  
Financial derivative contracts 
 37,067  
 135,118  
Debt financial instruments 
 64,736  
 39,741  
Other financial instruments 
 3,655  
 (790) 
Equity instruments 
 (81,421) 
 (46,922) 
Loans granted and received by the entity 
 (296) 
 (497) 
Other 
 33  
 9,159  
Subtotal 
 23,774  
 135,809  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
  
Financial derivative contracts 
- 
- 
Other financial instruments 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 
 
Debt financial instruments 
-  
-  
Other 
(24,090) 
-  
Subtotal 
(24,090) 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
  
  
Debt financial instruments 
- 
- 
Other financial instruments 
- 
- 
Loans granted and received by the entity (debts held by banks, commercial loans, mortgage housing loans and consumer 
loans) 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
  
  
Deposits, other obligations and deposits on demand and other loans 
- 
- 
Debt instruments issued 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
Financial result on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities at amortized cost and financial assets at fair value through other amortized cost and financial assets at fair 
value through other comprehensive income comprehensive income 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
8,399 
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
-  
-  
Financial liabilities at amortized costs 
-  
-  
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
-  
-  
Subtotal 
8,399 
 -  
Financial income (expense) for changes, adjustments, and foreign currency hedge  
  
  
Gain (loss) from foreign currency translation 
 43,278  
 (410,930) 
Gain (loss) from exchange rate adjustments  
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
 (5,653) 
 3,967  
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
 
 
Debts held by banks 
- 
- 
Commercial loans 
- 
- 
Mortgage housing loans 
- 
- 
Consumer loans 
- 
- 
Other assets 
 (1,862) 
 25,952  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
 -  
                                 -  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
Regulatory capital financial instruments issued 
- 
- 
Net income (expense) from derivatives in foreign currency risk hedges 
 (91,898) 
 295,539  
Subtotal 
 (56,135) 
 (85,472) 
Financial income (loss) from reclassification of financial assets due to change in business model 
  
  
From financial assets at amortized cost to financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
From financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income to financial assets held for trading at fair value 
through profit or loss 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
Reclassifications of financial assets due to changes in business models 
  
  
From financial assets at amortized cost to financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
From financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income to financial assets held for trading at fair value 
through profit or loss 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
Other financial income (expense) from changes in financial assets and liabilities 
  
  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
- 
- 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
- 
- 
Lease liabilities 
- 
- 
Issued regulatory capital financial instruments 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
Other financial income (expense) from ineffective accounting hedges 
  
  
Income (expense) from ineffective cash flow hedges 
- 
- 
Income (expense) from ineffective hedges of net foreign investment 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
Other financial income (expense) from other hedges 
  
  
Hedges of other types of financial assets 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
Total net financial income (expense) 
 (48,052) 
 50,337  
 
 
 
F-355

--- Page 658 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 96 
 
 
NOTE 34 – INCOME FROM INVESTMENTS IN COMPANIES 
 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the income from investment in companies is as follows: 
 
 
  
December 31,  
  
2022 
2021 
  
Profit / Loss 
Ownership 
Accrued income 
Profit / Loss 
Ownership 
Accrued income 
  
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
% 
MCh$ 
Investments in associates 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Redbanc S.A. 
 1,711  
 12.71  
 217  
 1,413  
 12.71  
 180  
Combanc S.A. 
 930  
 13.30  
 124  
 392  
 11.74  
46  
Transbank S.A. 
 26,031  
 8.72  
 2,270  
 (12,439) 
 8.72  
 (1,085) 
Nexus S.A. 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 3,162  
 14.81  
 468  
Servicio de Infraestructura de Mercado OTC S.A. 
 872  
 13.61  
 119  
 261  
 13.61  
 36  
AFT S.A. 
 4,021  
 20.00  
 804  
 1,925  
 20.00  
 385  
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
 4,702  
 33.33  
 1,567  
 2,628  
 33.33  
876  
Sociedad Interbancaria de Depósitos de Valores S.A. 
 1,508  
 7.03  
 106  
 1,175  
 7.03  
 83  
Pago y Servicios S.A. 
 (1,588) 
 49.90  
 (792) 
 (2,186) 
 49.90  
 (1,091) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Minority investments 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Shares of SWIFT 
 -  
 -  
 -  
              -  
 -  
                       -  
Shares of BLADEX 
 -  
 -  
 409  
                  -  
 -  
 808  
Other shares 
 -  
 -  
 33  
 -  
 -  
147  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Investments in joint ventures 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Servipag Ltda. 
3,732 
50.00  
1,866 
          1,662  
50.00  
                     831  
Artikos Chile S.A. 
 1,361 
50.00  
 681  
                  1,211  
50.00  
606  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total 
43,280 
 
7,404 
(796) 
 
2,290 
 
 
NOTE 35 – INCOME FROM NON-CURRENT ASSETS AND DISPOSAL GROUPS HELD FOR SALE NOT ADMISSIBLE AS DISCONTINUED 
OPERATIONS 
 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the income from non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale not admissible as discontinued operations 
are as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
  
2022 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Net income for assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction: 
  
  
Other income from sale of assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction 
 186  
 91  
Other income from assets received in payment or foreclosed judicial auction 
 3,355  
 3,575  
Provisions for adjustments to the net realizable value of assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial 
auction 
 (397) 
 1,418  
Write-offs of assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction 
 (1,160) 
 (135) 
Expenses for maintenance of assets received in payment or foreclosed at judicial auction 
 (797) 
 (840) 
Subtotal 
 1,187  
 4,109  
Non-current assets held for sale: 
  
  
Investments in companies 
 -  
 -  
Intangible assets 
 -  
 -  
Property and equipment 
 (216) 
 1,059  
Assets for recovery of assets under finance lease agreements 
 8,731  
 6,469  
Other assets 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 8,515  
 7,528  
  
  
  
Disposal group held for sale 
- 
- 
 
 
 
Total 
 9,702  
 11,637  
 
 
 
 
F-356

--- Page 659 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 97 
 
 
NOTE 36 – OTHER OPERATING INCOME AND EXPENSES 
 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, other operating income and expenses are as follows: 
 
  
  
  
December 31, 
2022 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Other operating income 
  
  
Payments from insurance companies for claims other than operational risk related events 
 23  
 -  
Net income from investment property 
 -  
 -  
Income from card brands issued (VISA, MC, etc.) 
 10,190  
 -  
Income from correspondent banks 
 -  
 -  
Income other than interest and fees from lease agreements 
 -  
 -  
Income from expense recovery 
 4,432  
 5,773  
Other income 
 38,761  
 30,986  
Total 
 53,406  
 36,759  
  
  
  
Other operating expenses 
  
  
Insurance premium expense to cover operational risk events 
 -  
 -  
Net loss expense from operational risk events 
 -  
 -  
Gross loss expense from operational risk events 
 (14,008) 
 (14,724) 
Recovery of expenses for operational risk events 
 3,640  
 5,079  
Expense for provision for unearned insurance brokerage fees  
 -  
 -  
Expense for provision for unearned insurance premium collection fees 
 -  
 -  
Provisions for restructuring plans 
 -  
 -  
Provisions for lawsuits and litigation 
 64  
 271  
Other provisions for other contingencies 
 (53,597) 
 (3,429) 
Expenses for finance lease credit transactions 
 -  
 -  
Expenses for factoring credit transactions 
 -  
 -  
Expenses for administration, maintenance, and support of ATMs 
 -  
 -  
Expenses for adoption of new technologies in cards 
 -  
 -  
Other operating expenses 
 (32,252) 
 (40,197) 
Total 
 (96,153) 
 (53,000) 
 
 
NOTE 37 – EXPENSES FOR EMPLOYEE BENEFITS 
 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, expenses for employee benefit obligations are as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
  
2022 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Short-term employee benefits 
  
  
Remuneration 
 (352,548) 
 (294,235) 
Incentives (performance bonuses) 
 (129,075) 
 (99,166) 
Legal bonus 
 (54,281) 
 (49,529) 
Other 
 (67,105) 
 (61,558) 
Subtotal 
 (603,009) 
 (504,488) 
  
  
  
Post-employment benefits 
  
  
Post-employment employee benefits 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
  
  
  
Long-term employee benefits 
  
  
Remuneration 
- 
- 
Incentives (performance bonuses) 
- 
- 
Other 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
  
  
  
Termination benefits 
  
  
Severance indemnity 
 (20,966) 
 (21,495) 
Other 
 -  
 (1,565) 
Subtotal 
 (20,966) 
 (23,060) 
  
  
  
Share-based or equity-based payment transactions 
  
  
Equity-settled share-based payment transactions 
- 
- 
Cash-settled share-based payment transactions 
- 
- 
Subtotal 
- 
- 
  
  
  
Expenses for defined contribution post-employment plans 
- 
- 
Expenses for defined benefit post-employment plans 
- 
- 
Expenses for other personnel obligations with  
- 
- 
Other personnel expenses 
 (15,014) 
 (12,505) 
Subtotal 
(15,014) 
(12,505) 
 
 
 
Total 
 (638,989) 
 (540,053) 
 
 
 
F-357

--- Page 660 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 98 
 
 
NOTE 38 – ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 
 
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, administrative expenses are as follows: 
 
  
  
  
December 31, 
2022 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Administrative expenses 
 (271,354) 
 (241,773) 
Expenses for short-term leases 
 -  
 -  
Expenses for leases of low-value assets 
 (11,058) 
 (9,216) 
Other expenses for lease liabilities 
 -  
 -  
Maintenance and repair of property and equipment 
 (15,296) 
 (14,555) 
Insurance premiums except for those intended to cover operational risk events 
 (14,444) 
 (10,526) 
Office supplies 
 (3,048) 
 (3,013) 
IT and communications expenses 
 (110,880) 
 (109,624) 
Lighting, heating, and other services 
 (8,610) 
 (8,309) 
Surveillance services and transportation of securities 
 (13,519) 
 (13,309) 
Staff representation and travel expenses 
 (4,707) 
 (2,072) 
Legal and notary expenses 
 (1,749) 
 (2,669) 
Fees for review and audit of the financial statements by the external auditor 
 (5,979) 
 (5,226) 
Fees for advisory and consulting services by the external auditor 
 -  
 -  
Fees for advisory and consulting services by other auditing companies 
 -  
 -  
Title classification fees 
 -  
 -  
Fees for other technical reports 
 (6,553) 
 (6,700) 
Fines by the CMF 
 -  
 -  
Fines by other agencies 
 (57) 
 (98) 
Other general administrative expenses 
 (75,454) 
 (56,456) 
Outsourced services 
 (64,113) 
 (16,946) 
Board Expenses 
 (6,774) 
 (5,668) 
Board Remuneration 
 (6,285) 
 (5,199) 
Other expenses of the Board of Directors 
 (489) 
 (469) 
Advertising 
 (42,194) 
 (36,394) 
Taxes, property taxes and other legal charges 
 (38,085) 
 (33,115) 
Property taxes 
 (3,455) 
 (3,232) 
Municipal patents 
 (2,388) 
 (2,261) 
Other taxes other than income tax 
 (14,055) 
 (12,203) 
Control contributions to the regulator 
 (18,187) 
 (15,419) 
Other legal fees 
 -  
 -  
Total 
 (422,520) 
 (333,896) 
 
 
NOTE 39 – DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION 
 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, depreciation and amortization are detailed as follows: 
 
  
  
  
December 31, 
2022 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Amortization of intangible assets 
(64,653) 
(59,333) 
Depreciation of property and equipment 
(24,493) 
(24,372) 
Depreciation and amortization of right-of-use assets under lease agreements 
(24,497) 
(23,226) 
Total 
(113,643) 
(106,931) 
 
 
 
F-358

--- Page 661 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 99 
 
 
NOTE 40 – IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS 
 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, impairment of non-financial assets is as follows: 
 
  
December 31,  
  
2022 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Impairment of investments in companies 
-  
-  
Impairment of intangible assets (*) 
(21,009) 
-  
Impairment of property and equipment 
-  
(23) 
Impairment of right-of-use assets under lease agreements 
-  
-  
Impairment of other assets for investment property 
-  
-  
Impairment of assets from revenue  
-  
-  
Gain from an acquisition through a business combination in a bargain 
condition 
-  
-  
Total 
(21,009) 
(23) 
(*) Impairment of goodwill in the Financial Services CGU of MCh$20,442 and for intangible assets due to the obsolescence of internally generated software of MCh$567. 
 
 
I. 
Determination of the impairment of goodwill  
 
As of December 31, 2022, as a result of the recent impacts described in Note 5 "Significant events", the Bank's Management estimated the recoverable 
amount of its Financial Services CGU recording balances in intangible assets, resulting in the recognition of an impairment loss associated with the 
goodwill assigned to this CGU of MCh$20,442. 
 
II. Key assumptions used in the recoverable amount calculations 
 
i) Methodology 
 
The methodology used is the income approach using the Dividend Flow model discounted at Ke rate (discount rate). The income approach focuses on 
the revenue-producing capacity of an asset. The fundamental premise of this approach is that the value of an asset can be measured by the present 
value of the net economic benefit to be received over the useful life of the asset.  
 
The dividend flow methodology systematically integrates the key factors affecting the value of a business, from which the following stand out: 
 
 
- Business growth potential. 
- Compliance with liquidity and efficiency ratios required by the regulatory context. 
- Flow of distributable dividends. 
- Time horizon in which the market believes that management can obtain returns above the cost of capital. 
- Expected rate of return on equity. 
- Business risk. 
 
The first four factors determine the cash flows, whereas the other two factors determine the discount rate used to obtain the present value of the 
dividend flows. 
 
ii) Forecast period 
 
A time horizon of 6 years was considered with a perpetuity captured from an exit ratio based on comparable data that considers from January 1, 
2023, and December 31, 2028.  
 
iii) Discount rate 
 
A shareholder discount rate, in Chilean pesos, of 14.70% was considered. 
 
The discount rate reflects both the time value of money and the risks inherent to the business and represents the return that would be required to 
invest in the Company. The discount rate should be consistent with the flow of funds being used and accordingly, in the particular case of financial 
entities, the flow of dividends should be discounted at the cost of equity rate. 
 
III. Results from the evaluation 
 
As a result of the impairment evaluation process described above, Management concluded that the relationship between the recoverable amounts 
and the carrying amount of the Financial Services CGU as of December 31, 2022, is as follows: 
 
  
  
As of December 31, 2022 
Goodwill 
Discount rate 
14.70%  
Recoverable amount/Carrying amount 
83.90% 
Impairment 
16.10%  
 
The recoverable amount for each intangible asset corresponds to the value in use, as it is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use.  
 
 
F-359

--- Page 662 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 100 
 
 
NOTE 41 – EXPENSES FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, expenses for credit losses are as follows: 
 
  
December 31, 
  
2022 
2021 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Expense for provisions for credit loss of loans 
(484,580) 
(287,367) 
Expense for special provisions for credit loss 
(81,910) 
(192,403) 
Recovery of written-off loans 
78,217 
78,646 
Impairment due to credit risk of other financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss 
(6,597) 
 -  
Total 
(494,870) 
(401,124) 
 
b) The summary of credit risk allowance expense and credit loss expense, as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 is as follows: 
 
December 31, 2022 
Expense for provisions recorded for loans during the year 
Normal Portfolio 
Substandard Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE Covid-
19(i) 
Total 
Individual/group 
Evaluation 
Individual/group 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Provisions recorded 
 199  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
199 
 -  
199 
Provisions used 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
199 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
199 
 -  
 199 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Commercial loans 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Provisions recorded 
 9,308  
 2,979  
 -  
 41,364  
 89,942  
 143,593  
 -  
 143,593  
Provisions used 
 -  
 -  
 (5,641) 
 -  
 -  
 (5,641) 
 (9,534) 
 (15,175) 
Subtotal 
 9,308  
 2,979  
 (5,641) 
 41,364  
 89,942  
 137,952  
 (9,534) 
 128,418  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Mortgage loans 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 20,471  
 20,471  
 -  
 20,471  
Provisions used 
 -  
 (4,417) 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 (4,417) 
 -  
 (4,417) 
Subtotal 
 -  
 (4,417) 
 -  
 -  
 20,471  
 16,054  
 -  
 16,054  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Consumer loans 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 144,625  
 -  
 -  
 195,284  
 339,909  
 -  
 339,909  
Provisions used 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 144,625  
 -  
 -  
 195,284  
 339,909  
 -  
 339,909  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Expense of provisions recorded for 
loan credit risk: (A) 
 9,507  
 143,187  
 (5,641) 
 41,364  
 305,697  
 494,114  
 (9,534) 
 484,580  
Recovery of written-off loans: (B) (ii) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loans and advances to banks 
  
               -  
Commercial loans 
 29,896  
Mortgage loans 
 4,856  
Consumer Loans 
 43,465  
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
78,217 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Expense for loan losses: (AB) (ii) 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
406,363 
 
 
December 31, 2021  
 
Expense for provisions recorded for loans during the year 
Normal Portfolio 
Substandard Portfolio 
Non-performing portfolio 
Subtotal 
Deductible 
guarantees 
FOGAPE Covid-
19(i) 
Total 
Individual/group 
Evaluation 
Individual/group 
assessment 
Individual 
assessment 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Loans and advances to banks 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Provisions recorded 
 342  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 342  
 -  
 342  
Provisions used 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 342  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 342  
 -  
 342  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Commercial loans 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Provisions recorded 
 15,079  
 -  
 -  
 16,858  
 104,234  
 136,171  
 16,917  
 153,088  
Provisions used 
 -  
 (5,396) 
 (5,542) 
 -  
 -  
 (10,938) 
 -  
 (10,938) 
Subtotal 
 15,079  
 (5,396) 
 (5,542) 
 16,858  
 104,234  
 125,233  
 16,917  
 142,150  
  
Mortgage loans 
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 2,165  
 -  
 -  
 9,796  
 11,961  
 -  
 11,961  
Provisions used 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 2,165  
 -  
 -  
 9,796  
 11,961  
 -  
 11,961  
  
Consumer loans 
Provisions recorded 
 -  
 36,615  
 -  
 -  
 96,299  
 132,914  
 -  
 132,914  
Provisions used 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Subtotal 
 -  
 36,615  
 -  
 -  
 96,299  
 132,914  
 -  
 132,914  
  
Expense of provisions recorded for 
loan credit risk: (A) 
 15,421  
 33,384  
 (5,542) 
 16,858  
 210,329  
 270,450  
 16,917  
 287,367  
Recovery of written-off loans: (B) (ii) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Loans and advances to banks 
  
- 
Commercial loans 
 19,701  
Mortgage loans 
 3,161  
Consumer Loans 
 55,784  
Subtotal 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
78,646 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Expense for loan losses: (AB) (ii) 
- 
  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
  208,721 
 
 
 
 
F-360

--- Page 663 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 101 
 
 
c) The summary of the expense for special provisions for credit loss as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, is as follows: 
 
 
December 31,  
2022 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Expense of provisions for credit loss for contingent loans 
 (2,584) 
 (8,678) 
Loans and advances to banks 
 -  
 -  
Commercial loans 
 (4,599) 
 (7,286) 
Consumer Loans 
 2,015  
 (1,392) 
Expense of provisions for country risk for operations with debtors domiciled abroad 
 (1,577) 
 (432) 
Expense of special provisions for loans abroad 
 -  
 -  
Expense of additional provisions for loans 
 (66,685) 
 (183,293) 
Additional provisions for commercial loans 
 (47,785) 
 (68,193) 
Additional provisions for mortgage loans 
 (5,000) 
 (15,000) 
Additional provisions for consumer loans 
 (13,900) 
 (100,100) 
Expense of provisions for adjustments to the minimum provision required for normal portfolio with individual evaluation 
 (11,064) 
 -  
Expense of provisions constituted for credit risk as a result of complementary prudential requirements 
 -  
 -  
Total 
 (81,910) 
 (192,403) 
 
NOTE 42 – PROFIT OR LOSS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
 
The Bank has no results from discontinued operations as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 
NOTE 43 – RELATED PARTIES DISCLOSURES 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the assets and liabilities for transactions with related parties are as follows: 
 
December 31, 2022,  
Related Party Type 
Parent entity  
(i) 
Other legal entity  
(ii) 
Key personnel of 
the Consolidated 
Bank (iii) 
Other related parties  
(iv) 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
Financial assets to be traded at fair value through profit or loss: 
 -  
 -  
 -  
-  
-  
Financial derivative contracts 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Debt financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets not held for trading compulsorily valued at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value with changes in other comprehensive 
income: 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting coverage 
 -  
-  
- 
 -  
-  
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
 -  
 5,380  
 6,130  
 224,615  
 236,125  
Rights for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 -  
 -  
 868  
 129  
 997  
Debt financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Loans and accounts receivable from customers - Commercial 
 -  
 5,392  
 844  
 147,344  
 153,580  
Loans and accounts receivable from customers - Housing 
 -  
 -  
 4,098  
 68,009  
 72,107  
Loans and accounts receivable from customers - Consumption 
 -  
 -  
 326  
 9,717  
 10,043  
Provisions made for credit risk 
 -  
 (12) 
 (6) 
 (584) 
 (602) 
Other assets 
 20  
 8,308  
 -  
 29,469  
 37,797  
 
 
 
 
  
Contingent loans 
 27  
 75,698  
 1,378  
 43,362  
 120,465  
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities to be traded at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting coverage 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost: 
 5  
 91,203  
 8,610  
 368,939  
 468,757  
Deposits and other on-demand deposits 
 5  
 30,597  
 346  
 84,987  
 115,935  
Deposits and other term deposits 
 -  
 60,606  
 7,385  
 283,636  
 351,627  
Obligations for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 -  
 -  
 879  
 129  
 1,008  
Bank borrowings 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Debt financial instruments issued 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 187  
 187  
Other financial obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Lease liabilities 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other liabilities 
 -  
 1,158  
 -  
 24,311  
 25,469  
 
 
 
F-361

--- Page 664 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 102 
 
 
December 31, 2021 
Related Party Type 
Parent entity  
(i) 
Other legal entity  
(ii) 
Key personnel of 
the Consolidated 
Bank (iii) 
Other related parties  
(iv) 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss: 
 -  
 -  
 -  
-  
-  
Financial derivative contracts 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Debt financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
-  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
 -  
 5,558  
 5,664  
 272,999  
 284,221  
Rights for reverse repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 -  
 -  
 868  
 129  
 997  
Debt financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Loans and receivables from customers - Commercial 
 -  
 5,648  
 686  
 203,116  
 209,450  
Loans and receivables from customers - Mortgage 
 -  
 -  
 3,805  
 59,535  
 63,340  
Loans and receivables from customers - Consumption 
 -  
 -  
 313  
 11,288  
 11,601  
Provisions for credit loss 
 -  
 (90) 
 (8) 
 (1,069) 
 (1,167) 
Other assets 
 41  
 8,277  
 -  
 16,807  
 25,125  
 
 
 
 
 -  
Contingent loans 
 27  
 70,493  
 1,358  
 73,094  
 144,972  
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost: 
 -  
 30,287  
 4,280  
 150,690  
 185,257  
Deposits and other on-demand deposits 
 -  
 20,342  
 979  
 99,181  
 120,502  
Deposits and other term deposits 
 -  
 9,945  
 2,422  
 51,380  
 63,747  
Obligations for repurchase agreements and securities lending 
 -  
 -  
 879  
 129  
 1,008  
Bank borrowings 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Debt financial instruments issued 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other financial obligations 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Lease liabilities 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Other liabilities 
 -  
 282  
 60  
 3,361  
 3,703  
 
 
b) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 , income and expenses from related party transactions, is as follows: 
 
December 31, 2022 
Related Party Type 
Parent entity (i) 
Other legal entity (ii) 
Key personnel of the 
Consolidated Bank (iii) 
Other related parties (iv) 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Interest income 
 -  
 605  
 102  
 11,162  
 11,869  
Inflation-indexation income 
 -  
 56  
 589  
 15,531  
 16,176  
Fee income 
 378  
 9,246  
 117  
 76,874  
 86,615  
Net financial result 
 -  
 (93,337) 
 -  
 (36,712) 
 (130,049) 
Other income 
 -  
 -  
 19  
 249  
 268  
Total income 
 378  
 (83,430) 
 827  
 67,104  
 (15,121) 
Interest expense 
 -  
 (1,449) 
 (418) 
 (5,152) 
 (7,019) 
Inflation-indexation expense 
 -  
 (310) 
 (52) 
 (673) 
 (1,035) 
Commission expense 
 -  
 (19) 
 (1) 
 (197) 
 (217) 
Credit loss expense 
 -  
 411  
 5  
 398  
 814  
Expenses for employee benefit obligations 
 -  
 -  
 (32) 
 (65) 
 (97) 
Administrative expenses 
 -  
 (1,757) 
 -  
 (1,516) 
 (3,273) 
Other expenses 
 (1) 
 (58) 
 (19) 
 (474) 
 (552) 
Total expenses 
 (1) 
 (3,182) 
 (517) 
 (7,679) 
 (11,379) 
 
December 31, 2021 
Related Party Type 
Parent entity (i) 
Other legal entity (ii) 
Key personnel of the 
Consolidated Bank (iii) 
Other related parties (iv) 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Interest income 
 -  
 1,042  
 68  
 9,357  
 10,467  
Inflation-indexation income 
 -  
 45  
 277  
 7,546  
 7,868  
Fee income 
 462  
 8,569  
 122  
 63,196  
 72,349  
Net financial result 
 -  
 55,527  
 -  
 (45,085) 
 10,442  
Other income 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 263  
 263  
Total income 
 462  
 65,183  
 467  
 35,277  
 101,389  
Interest expense 
 -  
 (522) 
 (26) 
 (511) 
 (1,059) 
Inflation-indexation expense 
 -  
 -  
 (8) 
 (293) 
 (301) 
Commission expense 
 -  
 (13) 
 (1) 
 (160) 
 (174) 
Credit loss expense 
 -  
 (324) 
 (2) 
 (86) 
 (412) 
Expenses for employee benefit obligations 
 -  
 (1) 
 -  
 (20) 
 (21) 
Administrative expenses 
 -  
 (1,327) 
 -  
 (1,309) 
 (2,636) 
Other expenses 
 (1) 
 (20) 
 (20) 
 (385) 
 (426) 
Total expenses 
 (1) 
 (2,207) 
 (57) 
 (2,764) 
 (5,029) 
 
 
 
F-362

--- Page 665 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 103 
 
 
c) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 , related-party transactions in the period are as follows: 
 
 
 
December 31, 2021 
Business name 
Nature of the 
relationship with 
the bank 
Description of the transaction 
Transactions under 
equivalence conditions 
to those transactions 
with mutual 
independence 
between the parties 
Amount 
Effect on the 
Statement of Income 
Effect on the Statement 
of Financial Position 
Income 
Expense 
Receivables 
Payables 
Type of service 
Term 
Renewal Conditions 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Artikos Chile S.A. 
Joint venture 
Procurement service 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal 
every 1 year 
Yes 
 103  
 -  
 103  
 -  
 -  
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Collection service and use 
of channels, suitcase 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 187  
 187  
 -  
 -  
 -  
brand use 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 139  
 139  
 -  
 -  
 -  
  
Suitcase 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 16  
 16  
- 
 -  
 -  
Use of channels 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 46  
 46  
- 
 -  
 -  
  
Claims management 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 105  
 105  
 -  
 
 
  
Marketing  
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 59  
 59  
 -  
 -  
 -  
  
Subordinated bond 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 51  
 -  
 7  
 -  
 -  
Financial Bond 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 116  
 -  
 36  
 -  
 -  
Bank charges 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 19  
 -  
 16  
 -  
 -  
Commissions for 
collection Servicios 
Financieros y 
Administración de 
Créditos Comerciales S.A. 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 919  
 773  
- 
 -  
 -  
Brokerage commissions 
BCI CCSS 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 1,078  
 1,078  
 -  
 -  
 -  
BCI General Insurance SA 
Other 
brand use 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 139  
 139  
 
 -  
 -  
  
Suitcase 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 9  
 9  
 
 
 
Use of channels 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 46  
 46  
 
 -  
 -  
  
Marketing 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 42  
 42  
 
 -  
 -  
  
Fixed Term Deposits 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 144  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial Bonus 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 1,049  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Insurance 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 663  
 -  
 557  
 -  
 -  
 
Brokerage commissions 
SSFF Corredores de 
Seguros y Gestión 
Financiera Ltda. 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 795  
 668  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 
Brokerage commissions 
BCI CCSS 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 3,199  
 3,199  
 -  
 -  
 -  
  
Commissions for 
intermediation BCI CCSS 
Marketing Contribution 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 18  
 18  
- 
 
 
Zenit General Insurance SA 
Other 
Investments at Fair Value, 
Financial Bond 
Annual 
NA  
No 
 145  
 -  
 4  
- 
- 
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
Other 
Electronic banking 
transactions 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal 
every 1 year. 
Yes 
 201  
 -  
 201  
- 
- 
December 31, 2022 
Business name 
Nature of the 
relationship 
with the bank 
Description of the transaction 
Transactions under 
equivalence 
conditions to those 
transactions with 
mutual 
independence 
between the parties 
Amount 
Effect on the 
Statement of Income 
Effect on the Statement 
of Financial Position 
Income 
Expense 
Receivables 
Payables 
Type of service 
Term 
Renewal Conditions 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Artikos Chile S.A. 
Joint venture 
Procurement service 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal every 1 year 
Yes 
 1,122  
 -  
 1,122  
 -  
 -  
BCI Seguros de Vida S.A. 
Other 
Collection service and 
use of channels, suitcase 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 2,623  
 2,623  
 -  
 -  
 -  
  
brand use 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 1,580  
 1,580  
 -  
 -  
 -  
  
Suitcase 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 190  
 190  
 -  
 -  
 -  
  
Use of channels 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 527  
 527  
 -  
 -  
 -  
  
Marketing  
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 524  
 524  
 -  
 -  
 -  
  
Subordinated bond 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 433  
 -  
 94  
 -  
 -  
  
Financial Bond 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 8,126  
 -  
 907  
 -  
 -  
  
Bank charges 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 232  
 -  
 195  
 -  
 -  
  
Commissions for 
collection Servicios 
Financieros y 
Administración de 
Créditos Comerciales S.A. 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 7,903  
 6,641  
-  
 -  
 -  
  
Insurance  
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 5,842  
 -  
 4,356  
- 
- 
  
Brokerage commissions 
SSFF Corredores de 
Seguros y Gestión 
Financiera Ltda. 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 6,752  
 5,556  
- 
- 
- 
  
Brokerage commissions 
BCI CCSS 
Annual 
Annual Hiring 
Yes 
 36,712  
 36,712  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Zenit General Insurance SA 
Other 
Investments at Fair 
Value, Financial Bond 
Annual 
NA  
No 
 1,161  
 -  
 129  
- 
- 
Centro de Compensación Automatizado S.A. 
Other 
Electronic banking 
transactions 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal every 1 year. 
Yes 
 2,274  
 -  
 2,274  
- 
- 
Combanc S.A. 
associate 
Compensation and high 
value payments 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
 517  
 -  
 517  
- 
- 
Comder Contraparte Central S.A. 
associate 
bank processing 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
 1,453  
 -  
 1,453  
- 
- 
Conexxion Spa 
Other 
postal mail service 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal every 1 year. 
Yes 
 240  
 -  
 240  
- 
- 
Inmobiliaria JY S.P.A 
Other 
Real estate projects 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
 256  
 -  
 256  
- 
- 
Jordan (Chile) S.A. 
common 
controller 
Printing of forms 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal every 1 year. 
Yes 
 2,728  
 -  
 2,728  
- 
- 
Redbank SA 
associate 
ATM operation 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal every 3 years. 
Yes 
 8,673  
 -  
 8,673  
- 
- 
Salcobrand S.A. 
common 
controller 
ATM's space for rent 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal every 1 year. 
Yes 
 246  
 -  
 246  
- 
- 
Servipag Ltda. 
joint venture 
Collection and payment 
of services 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
 4,429  
 -  
 4,429  
- 
- 
Inmobiliaria SB SPA 
Other 
Office rental 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
 152  
 -  
 152  
- 
- 
Boston Consulting Group 
Other 
Strategic consulting 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
 5,846  
 -  
 5,846  
- 
- 
Demos una Oportunidad al Menor 
Other 
Social donations 
Defined 
52 Months (4 years and 4 months) 
Yes  
 271  
 -  
 271  
- 
- 
Transbank SA 
Other 
Administration of credit 
cards and income from 
the use of credit cards 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal every 2 years. 
Yes 
 2,234  
 714  
 1,520  
- 
- 
F-363

--- Page 666 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 104 
 
December 31, 2021 
Business name 
Nature of the 
relationship with 
the bank 
Description of the transaction 
Transactions under 
equivalence conditions 
to those transactions 
with mutual 
independence 
between the parties 
Amount 
Effect on the 
Statement of Income 
Effect on the Statement 
of Financial Position 
Income 
Expense 
Receivables 
Payables 
Type of service 
Term 
Renewal Conditions 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Combanc S.A. 
Associate 
Compensation and high 
value payments 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
 52  
 -  
 52  
- 
- 
Comder Contraparte Central S.A. 
Associate 
bank processing 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
 98  
 -  
 98  
- 
- 
Conexxion Spa 
Other 
Postal mail service 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal 
every 1 year. 
Yes 
 24  
 -  
 24  
- 
- 
DCV Registros S.A. 
Other 
Shareholders register 
administration 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
 10  
 -  
 10  
- 
- 
Depósitos Central de Valores S.A. 
Other 
Custody of financial 
instruments 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
 59  
 -  
 59  
- 
- 
Digitech Solutions S.A. 
Other 
Document digitalization 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
 31  
 -  
 31  
- 
- 
Inmobiliaria Anya S.A. 
Other 
Real estate projects 
8 years 
Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
 12  
 -  
 12  
- 
- 
Inmobiliaria JY S.P.A 
Other 
Real estate projects 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
 23  
 -  
 23  
- 
- 
Jordan (Chile) S.A. 
Common Parent 
Printing of forms 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal 
every 1 year. 
Yes 
 228  
 -  
 228  
 -  
 19  
Operadoras de Tarjetas de Crédito Nexus S.A. Associate 
Card processing 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal 
every 3 years. 
Yes 
 858  
 -  
 858  
 -  
 -  
Redbank SA 
Associate 
ATM operation 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal 
every 3 years. 
Yes 
 716  
 -  
 716  
 -  
 -  
Salcobrand S.A. 
Common Parent 
ATM's space for rent 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal 
every 1 year. 
Yes 
 25  
 -  
 25  
 -  
 -  
Servicios de Información Avanzada S.A. 
Other 
Commercial Information 
Service 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
 99  
 -  
 99  
 
 
Servipag Ltda. 
Joint venture 
Collection and payment 
of services 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
 429  
 -  
 429  
- 
- 
Sistema Nacional de Com. Financieras S.A. 
(Sinacofi) 
Other 
Office rental 
Undefined Automatic renewal. 
Yes 
 57  
 -  
 57  
- 
- 
Boston Consulting Group 
Other 
Strategic consulting 
Defined 
Defined 
Yes 
 318  
 -  
 318  
- 
- 
Transbank SA 
Associate 
Administration of credit 
cards and income from 
the use of credit cards 
Undefined 
Automatic renewal 
every 2 years. 
Yes 
 187  
 49  
 138  
- 
- 
 
 
d) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 , the compensation of the key personnel of the Bank and its subsidiaries is as follows: 
 
 
December 31, 
2022 
2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Directors:  
Payment of salaries and expenses of the Board of Directors - Bank and Bank Subsidiaries 
 
 
Key personnel of the Management of the Bank and its Subsidiaries: 
6,285  
 5,199  
Payment for short-term term employee benefits 
  
  
Payment for benefits to post-employment employees 
 32,819 
 26,190 
Payment for benefits to long-term employees 
 -  
 -  
Payment for benefits to employees for termination of employment contract 
 -  
 -  
Payment to employees based on shares or equity instruments 
 -  
 -  
Payment for obligations for defined contribution post-employment plans 
 -  
 -  
Payment for obligations for post-employment defined benefit plans 
 -  
 -  
Payment for other staff obligations 
 -  
 -  
Subtotal - Payments for employee benefit obligations: 
 32,819  
26,190  
TOTAL 
 39,104  
31,389  
e) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Bank presents Number of key management personnel members of the Bank and its Subsidiaries: 
 
 
December 31, 
2022 
2021 
No. of Executives 
Directors:  
Directors - Bank and Bank Subsidiaries 
89 
90 
Key personnel of the Management of the Bank and its Subsidiaries: 
General Manager - Bank 
1 
1 
General managers - Bank subsidiaries 
10 
10 
Division/Area Managers - Bank 
11 
11 
Division/Area Managers - Bank Subsidiaries 
68 
62 
Subtotal 
90 
84 
TOTAL 
179 
174 
 
 
 
F-364

--- Page 667 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 105 
 
 
NOTE 44 – FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 
Assets and liabilities at fair value 
 
The following table summarizes the carrying amounts and fair values of the main financial assets and liabilities not presented in the Consolidated 
Financial Statements at their fair values 
 
  
As of December 31, 2022 
As of December 31, 2021 
As of January 1, 2021 
  
Carrying amount 
Fair Values 
Carrying amount 
Fair Values 
Carrying amount 
Fair Values 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
  
  
  
  
 
 
Cash and bank deposits 
4,256,396 
4,256,396 
3,960,498 
3,960,498 
4,597,868 
4,597,868 
Transactions in course of collection 
404,209 
404,209 
350,072 
350,072 
236,710 
236,710 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
7,680,615 
7,680,615 
6,066,335 
6,066,334 
5,567,454 
5,567,454 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through 
profit or loss 
71,282 
71,282 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
10,477,361 
10,477,361 
10,813,647 
11,204,592 
7,691,869 
7,691,869 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
1,788,851 
1,788,851 
1,589,058 
1,589,058 
1,031,722 
1,031,722 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
49,830,891 
54,297,122 
43,730,731 
43,954,637 
35,589,133 
39,399,339 
Total assets 
74,509,605 
78,975,836 
66,510,341 
67,125,191 
54,714,756 
58,524,961 
LIABILITIES 
  
  
  
  
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
330,138 
330,138 
258,686 
258,686 
201,437 
201,437 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
6,584,736 
6,584,736 
5,094,231 
5,094,231 
4,530,724 
4,530,724 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
- 
- 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
2,590,468 
2,590,468 
1,492,815 
1,492,815 
1,262,629 
1,262,629 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
59,760,444 
63,862,236 
54,086,905 
55,887,076 
44,271,211 
46,996,300 
Total Liabilities 
69,265,786 
73,367,578 
60,932,637 
62,732,808 
50,266,001 
52,991,090 
 
The fair value estimates presented above do not attempt to estimate the value of the Bank's earnings, generated by its business, or future activities, 
and therefore, do not represent the value of the Bank as a going concern. Loans are shown net of provisions. 
 
The methods used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments are detailed below. 
 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
 
This account includes Loans and receivables from customers and repurchase agreements. 
 
Loans and receivables from customers are shown net of their provision for credit or impairment risk. The estimated fair value of loans represents the 
discounted amount of future cash flows expected to be received. 
 
Cash flows are discounted at the base market interest rate; in this case, we use an interbank rate, considering the relevant term and currency. 
 
The criteria used for the incorporation of credit risk of the assets considered for these purposes are: 
1. From the expected loss estimation models, it is possible to infer about the credit quality of the portfolio (at least in qualitative terms), for the 
residual term of the operations that make up the asset accounts considered (commercial loans, mortgage loans for housing and consumer 
loans). 
2. In quantitative terms, the provision percentage assigned to an operation is an approximation variable to the credit profile of said operation. 
3. The amount resulting from applying the 'provisions/total loans' factor to the present value of the respective loans is an approximation of the 
adjustment for credit risk. 
 
Liabilities at amortized cost 
 
In this section we include on-demand and term deposits, bank borrowings and debt instruments issued. 
 
The estimated fair value of on demand accounts and deposits, that is, without an established term, including those accounts that do not accrue 
interest, is the amount to be paid when the client demands it. Therefore, the amortized cost of these deposits is a reasonable approximation of their 
fair value. 
 
The fair value of term deposits has been estimated based on discounted future cash flows based on interest rate structures adjusted from transactions 
observed at the measurement date. 
 
The fair value of liabilities with financial institutions has been determined using discounted cash flow models, based on the relevant interest rate curve 
for the remaining term of the instrument until maturity. 
 
The fair value of these liabilities has been determined using discounted cash flow models, based on the relevant interest rate curve for the remaining 
term of the instrument until maturity. 
 
Financial assets and liabilities held for trading through profit or loss 
 
The fair value of financial assets and liabilities (fixed income instruments classified as Held for Trading and Available for Sale, in addition to Derivative 
instruments) is estimated using the valuation techniques detailed in the following letters. 
 
Financial instruments measured at fair value 
 
Please refer to Note 2, letter j) for further details on the criteria used to determine fair value. 
 
 
F-365

--- Page 668 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 106 
 
 
Hierarchy used to determine fair value 
 
The regulations distinguish between different hierarchies of inputs used for valuation techniques, discriminating between “observable” or 
“unobservable” inputs. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, and unobservable inputs reflect the assumptions 
of the Bank and subsidiaries in relation to market behavior. From these two types of inputs, the following hierarchy has been created: 
 
Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities to those being measured. This level includes debt instruments, 
whether they are fixed or variable income, equity instruments and derivative financial instruments traded on local or international stock markets. 
 
Level 2 – Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable inputs directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from 
prices) for assets and liabilities. This category includes prices that require interpolation within a price structure, such as derivative instruments. The 
same occurs with bonds valued with some valuation technique such as interpolation or matrix pricing, based on inputs that are observable. 
 
Level 3 – Inputs that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). This level includes equity and debt instruments that have 
significant unobservable inputs. 
 
This hierarchy requires that when there are observable market data, they are used. The Bank and subsidiaries consider observable relevant market 
data in their valuations whenever possible. 
 
Non-recurring assets and liabilities are presented below according to the hierarchy to determine the fair value. 
 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
Total 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
54,297,122 
- 
54,297,122 
- 
Total 
54,297,122 
- 
54,297,122 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Financial liability at amortized cost 
63,862,236 
- 
63,862,236 
- 
Total 
63,862,236 
- 
63,862,236 
- 
 
 
 
As of December 31, 2021 
Total 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
43,954,637 
- 
43,954,637 
- 
Total 
43,954,637 
- 
43,954,637 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
Financial liability at amortized cost 
55,887,076 
- 
55,887,076 
- 
Total 
55,887,076 
- 
55,887,076 
- 
 
The Bank and Subsidiaries have not made transfers of financial assets or liabilities between levels 1, 2 and 3 as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 
 
  
As of December 31, 2022 
  
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
FINANCIAL ASSETS 
  
  
  
  
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss: 
 909,962  
 6,770,350  
 303  
 7,680,615  
Financial derivative contracts 
 -  
 6,770,350  
 303  
 6,770,653  
Debt instruments 
 770,101  
 -  
 -  
 770,101  
Other Financial Instruments 
 139,861  
 -  
 -  
 139,861  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 71,282  
 -  
 -  
 71,282  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
 10,393,918  
 -  
 83,443  
 10,477,361  
Debt financial instruments 
 10,393,918  
 -  
 83,443  
 10,477,361  
Other Financial Instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 -  
 1,788,851  
 -  
 1,788,851  
Total financial assets 
 11,375,162  
 8,559,201  
 83,746  
 20,018,109  
  
 
 
 
 
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 6,584,736  
 -  
 6,584,736  
Financial derivative contracts 
 -  
 6,584,736  
 -  
 6,584,736  
Other 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for hedging 
 -  
 2,590,468  
 -  
 2,590,468  
Total financial liabilities 
 -  
 9,175,204  
 -  
 9,175,204  
 
 
 
F-366

--- Page 669 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 107 
 
 
  
As of December 31, 2021 
  
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
  
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
FINANCIAL ASSETS 
  
  
  
  
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss: 
        873,868  
          5,191,239  
             1,227  
       6,066,335  
Financial derivative contracts 
                        -  
          5,191,239  
              1,227  
         5,192,467  
Debt instruments 
          717,058  
                           -  
                       -  
              717,058  
Other Financial Instruments 
         156,810  
                           -  
                       -  
             156,810  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily measured at fair value through 
profit or loss 
                       -  
                           -  
                      -  
                           -  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
                       -  
                           -  
                      -  
                           -  
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: 
   10,813,647  
                           -  
                      -  
       10,813,647  
Debt financial instruments 
    10,813,647  
                           -  
                       -  
        10,813,647  
Other Financial Instruments 
                        -  
                           -  
                       -  
                           -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
                       -  
        1,589,058 
                      -  
         1,589,058 
Total financial assets 
     11,687,515  
        6,780,298  
             1,227  
      18,469,040  
  
  
  
  
  
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
  
  
  
  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value through profit or loss 
                       -  
        5,094,231  
                      -  
        5,094,231  
Financial derivative contracts 
                        -  
         5,094,231  
                       -  
         5,094,231  
Other 
                        -  
                           -  
                       -  
                           -  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
                       -  
                           -  
                      -  
                           -  
Financial derivative contracts for hedging 
                       -  
          1,492,815  
                      -  
          1,492,815  
Total financial liabilities 
                       -  
        6,587,046  
                      -  
        6,587,046  
 
a) Valuation of La Polar Bonds 
 
As of December 31, 2022, the Bank has applied valuation techniques to determine the fair value of the financial instruments “BLAPO-F” and “BLAPO-
G”. Such valuation is based on the IRR of the last existing market transaction between the closing date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and 
the exchange date of said financial instrument. 
 
b)  Level 3 Reconciliation 
 
Value changes in level 3 derivatives are explained by the following reconciliation table 
 
 
As of December 31, 2022 
Reconciliation level 3 
Opening balance 
Gain (loss) 
recognized in 
profit or loss 
Gain (loss) 
recognized in 
Equity 
Net of 
purchases, 
sales, and 
agreements 
Transfers from level 1 
and 2 
Closing balance 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative Contracts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Swaps 
1,127 
(924) 
- 
- 
- 
303 
Call Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Put Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
1,127 
(924) 
- 
- 
- 
303 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Derivative Contracts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Call Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Put Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
As of December 31, 2021 
Reconciliation level 3 
Opening balance 
Gain (loss) 
recognized in 
profit or loss 
Gain (loss) 
recognized in 
Equity 
Net of 
purchases, 
sales, and 
agreements 
Transfers from level 1 
and 2 
Closing balance 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Assets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative Contracts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Swaps 
6,265 
(5,038) 
- 
- 
- 
1,227 
Call Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Put Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
6,265 
(5,038) 
- 
- 
- 
1,227 
 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Liabilities 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Derivative Contracts 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Forwards 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Swaps 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Call Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Put Options 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
F-367

--- Page 670 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 108 
 
 
NOTE 45 – MATURITY OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AS PER THEIR REMAINING TERMS  
 
a) As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 , the new contractual maturities according to remaining terms of financial assets and liabilities, are as 
follows: 
 
December 31, 2022 
On-demand 
Up to a month 
More than one 
month and 
three months 
More than 
three months 
up to one year 
Between 1 
year and 3 
years 
More than 3 
years up to 5 
years 
More than five 
years 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cash and bank deposits 
 4,256,396  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 4,256,396  
Transactions in course of collection 
 -  
 404,209  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 404,209  
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -  
 617,286  
 789,479  
 1,982,622  
 2,047,161  
 1,188,390  
 1,055,677  
 7,680,615  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 32,002  
 1,449  
 9,773  
 7,537  
 4,673  
 15,848  
 71,282  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 -  
 4,703,904  
 213,020  
 1,436,419  
 1,107,804  
 686,846  
 2,329,368  
 10,477,361  
Financial derivative contracts for hedge accounting 
 -  
 14,268  
 68,107  
 274,450  
 563,104  
 385,633  
 483,289  
 1,788,851  
Financial assets at amortized cost 
 -  
 11,216,391  
 3,166,941  
 6,441,563  
 7,235,662  
 4,231,119  
 17,539,215  
 49,830,891  
Total assets 
 4,256,396  
 16,988,060  
 4,238,996  
 10,144,827  
 10,961,268  
 6,496,661  
 21,423,397  
 74,509,605  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
LIABILITIES 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transactions in course of payment 
 -  
 330,138  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 330,138  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value 
through profit or loss 
 -  
 511,967  
 603,412  
 1,730,518  
 1,701,356  
 892,406  
 1,145,077  
 6,584,736  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 -  
 49,578  
 77,961  
 461,040  
 768,065  
 452,455  
 781,369  
 2,590,468  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
 -  
 24,503,023  
 6,334,141  
 4,716,604  
 7,250,380  
 1,729,546  
 15,226,750  
 59,760,444  
Lease liabilities 
 -  
 1,565  
 3,951  
 13,478  
 45,232  
 61,214  
 11,008  
 136,448  
Issued regulatory capital financial instruments 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 29,796  
 57,835  
 56,033  
 1,355,635  
 1,499,299  
Total Liabilities 
 -  
 25,396,271  
 7,019,465  
 6,951,436  
 9,822,868  
 3,191,654  
 18,519,839  
 70,901,533  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Net mismatch between financial assets and liabilities 
 4,256,396  
 (8,408,211) 
 (2,780,469) 
 3,193,391  
 1,138,400  
 3,305,007  
 2,903,558  
 3,608,072  
 
As of December 31, 2021 
On-demand 
Up to a month 
More than one 
month and 
three months 
More than 
three months 
up to one year 
Between 1 
year and 3 
years 
More than 3 
years up to 5 
years 
More than five 
years 
Total 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSETS 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Cash and bank deposits 
3,960,498 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
3,960,498 
Transactions in course of collection 
- 
350,072 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
350,072 
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through 
profit or loss 
- 
1,677,142 
98,932 
851,207 
1,078,212 
783,874 
1,576,968 
6,066,335 
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit 
or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
- 
2,702,569 
158,514 
526,849 
1,611,888 
1,181,509 
4,632,318 
10,813,647 
Financial derivative contracts for hedge accounting 
- 
- 
4,954 
- 
315,764 
145,604 
1,122,736 
1,589,058 
Financial assets at amortized cost 
- 
913,464 
1,467,988 
5,139,909 
9,241,789 
9,246,368 
17,721,213 
43,730,731 
Total assets 
3,960,498 
5,643,247 
1,730,388 
6,517,965 
12,247,653 
11,357,355 
25,053,235 
66,510,341 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
LIABILITIES 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transactions in course of payment 
- 
258,686 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
258,686 
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value 
through profit or loss 
- 
1,013,904 
232,891 
818,742 
1,106,753 
860,226 
1,061,715 
5,094,231 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through 
profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
- 
330,978 
59,768 
184,934 
317,896 
256,941 
342,298 
1,492,815 
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
26,823,060 
7,680,742 
4,504,550 
2,755,255 
7,104,964 
1,188,499 
4,029,835 
54,086,905 
Lease liabilities 
- 
1,986 
5,016 
14,478 
55,195 
49,509 
47,542 
173,726 
Issued regulatory capital financial instruments 
- 
1,332,936 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
1,332,936 
Total Liabilities 
26,823,060 
10,619,232 
 4,802,225  
 3,773,409  
 8,584,808  
 2,355,175  
 5,481,390  
 62,439,299  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Net mismatch between financial assets and liabilities 
22,862,562 
4,975,985 
 (3,071,837) 
 2,744,556  
 3,662,845  
 9,002,180 
 19,571,845  
 4,071,042  
 
 
 
 
F-368

--- Page 671 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 109 
 
 
NOTE 46 – FINANCIAL AND NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES BY CURRENCY 
 
a) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, financial and non-financial assets and liabilities by currency are detailed as follows: 
 
December 31, 2022 
Chilean pesos 
Adjustable 
by 
Exchange 
rate 
Us dollars 
Colombian 
pesos 
Pound 
sterling 
Euro 
Swiss 
francs 
Yen 
Chinese 
yuan 
Other 
Foreign 
Currencies 
Total 
CLP 
UF 
ER 
USD 
COP 
GBP 
EUR 
CHF 
JPY 
CNY 
OTHER 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSET 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
Cash and bank deposits 
 1,532,258  
 -  
 -  
 2,599,848  
 -  
 2,774  
 55,165  
 5,887  
 8,598  
 3,117  
 48,749  
 4,256,396  
Transactions in course of collection 
 182,046  
 -  
 -  
 191,837  
 -  
 74  
 30,065  
 44  
 88  
 -  
 55  
 404,209  
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 7,091,044  
 457,807  
 -  
 131,749  
 15  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 7,680,615  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 71,282  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 71,282  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit 
or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 4,366,177  
 1,746,743  
 -  
 4,227,268  
 -  
 -  
 123,142  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 14,031  
 10,477,361  
Financial derivative contracts for hedge accounting 
 1,458,464  
 64,779  
 -  
 1,089  
 -  
 -  
 42  
 263,436  
 20  
 -  
 1,021  
 1,788,851  
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
 12,623,917  
 15,146,723  
 133,826  
 21,700,978  
 -  
 425  
 79,822  
 -  
 43,542  
 1,827  
 99,831  
49,830,891  
Investments in companies 
 35,119  
 -  
 -  
 140,617  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 175,736  
Intangible Assets 
 200,338  
 -  
 36,327  
 164,988  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 9,356  
 411,009  
Property and equipment 
 193,559  
 -  
 -  
 53,950  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,596  
 249,105  
Right-of-use assets 
 19,828  
 85,678  
 -  
 45,976  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,404  
 152,886  
Current tax assets 
 137,908  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 158  
 138,066  
Deferred tax assets 
 350,871  
 -  
 -  
 130,265  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,578  
 482,714  
Other assets 
 409,236  
 48  
 40,941  
 1,437,323  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 7,516  
 1,895,064  
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale 
 34,934  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 34,934  
Total assets 
28,635,699  
 17,501,778  
 211,094  
 30,897,170  
 15  
 3,273  
 288,236  
 269,367  
 52,248  
 4,944  
 185,295  
 78,049,119  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transactions in course of payment 
 177,910  
 -  
 -  
 145,710  
 -  
 3  
 6,325  
 19  
 -  
 171  
 -  
 330,138  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value 
 6,535,373  
 -  
 -  
 49,363  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 6,584,736  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 825,245  
 1,426,917  
 -  
 337,767  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 539  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 2,590,468  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
 22,584,996  
 5,937,240  
 1  
 30,096,130  
 -  
 2,675  
 123,641  
 739,007  
 66,695  
 4,424  
 205,635  
 59,760,444  
Lease liabilities 
 -  
 100,064  
 -  
 35,001  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,383  
 136,448  
Issued regulatory capital financial instruments 
 -  
 1,499,299  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,499,299  
Provisions for contingencies 
 158,568  
 -  
 -  
 68,351  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 797  
 227,716  
Provisions for dividends, payment of interest and 
revaluation of regulatory capital financial instruments 
issued 
 246,247  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 246,247  
Special provisions for credit loss 
 455,437  
 -  
 -  
 34,955  
 -  
 -  
 639  
 18  
 2  
 1  
 3  
 491,055  
Current tax 
 1,131  
 -  
 -  
 16,362  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 17,493  
Deferred tax 
 1,612  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 1,612  
Other liabilities 
 389,143  
 207,953  
 2,166  
 784,599  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 2,801  
 1,386,662  
Liabilities included in disposal groups held for sale 
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
 -  
Total liabilities 
 31,375,662  
 9,171,473  
 2,167  
 31,568,238  
 -  
 2,678  
 130,605  
 739,583  
 66,697  
 4,596  
 210,619  
 73,272,318  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
Mismatches by currency as of December 31, 2022 
(2,739,963) 
 8,330,305  
 208,927  
 (671,068) 
 15  
 595  
 157,631  (470,216) 
(14,449) 
 348  
 (25,324) 
 4,776,801  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-369

--- Page 672 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 110 
 
 
As of December 31, 2021 
Chilean pesos 
Adjustable 
by CT 
US dollars 
Colombian 
pesos 
Pound 
sterling 
Euro 
Swiss 
francs 
yen 
Chinese 
yuan 
Other 
Foreign 
Currencies 
Total 
CLP 
UF 
CT 
USD 
COP 
GBP 
EUR 
CHF 
JPY 
CNY 
OTHER 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
ASSET 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
Cash and bank deposits 
 618,825  
  -  
  -  
 3,220,839  
  -  
 21,463  
 43,584  
 1,152  
 19,204  
 9,713  
 25,718  
 3,960,498  
Transactions in course of collection 
 159,555  
  -  
  -  
 171,178  
  -  
 482  
 18,273  
 156  
 4  
 106  
 318  
 350,072  
Financial assets held for trading at fair value through 
profit or loss 
 5,346,341  
 596,647  
  -  
 127,009  
 24  
  -  
 (4,304) 
  -  
  -  
  -  
 618  
 6,066,335  
Financial assets not held for trading mandatorily 
measured at fair value through profit or loss 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
                        -  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
 -  
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit 
or loss 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
                        -  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
 -  
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
 4,139,559  
 1,895,246  
  -  
 4,625,708  
  -  
  -  
 153,134  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 10,813,647  
Financial derivative contracts for hedge accounting 
 1,465,138  
 20,543  
  -  
 1,200  
  -  
  -  
 45  
 101,056  
 23  
  -  
 1,053  
 1,589,058  
Financial assets at amortized cost: 
 12,259,203  
 13,746,812  
 128,327  
 17,529,323  
  -  
 549  
 32,683  
  -  
 12,087  
  -  
 21,747  
 43,730,731  
Investments in companies 
 115,414  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 115,414  
Intangible Assets 
 210,974  
  -  
 43,400  
 186,597  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 (13) 
 440,958  
Property and equipment 
 197,509  
  -  
  -  
 55,222  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 3  
 252,734  
Right-of-use assets 
 22,714  
 101,489  
  -  
 64,823  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 189,026  
Current tax assets 
 7,123  
  -  
  -  
 12,449  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 19,572  
Deferred tax assets 
 224,076  
  -  
  -  
 29,081  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 395  
 253,552  
Other assets 
 301,396  
 71  
 41,212  
 970,131  
  -  
  -  
            -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 7,153  
 1,319,963  
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale 
 45,718  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 45,718  
Total assets 
 25,113,545  
 16,360,808  
 212,939  
 26,993,560  
 24  
 22,494  
 243,415  
 102,364  
 31,318  
 9,819  
 56,992  
 69,147,278  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Transactions in course of payment 
 124,345  
  -  
  -  
 119,376  
  -  
 2,087  
 8,678  
 196  
 3,872  
 106  
 26  
 258,686  
Financial liabilities held for trading at fair value 
 5,071,412  
 31  
  -  
 22,521  
 24  
  -  
            -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 243  
 5,094,231  
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through 
profit or loss 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-                           -  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
 -  
Financial derivative contracts for accounting hedge 
 1,368,895  
 20,543  
  -  
 1,200  
  -  
  -  
 45  
 101,056  
 23  
  -  
 1,053  
 1,492,815  
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
 21,670,271  
 4,604,138  
 3,250  
 26,893,228  
  -  
 18,910  
 122,935  
 564,534  
 44,918  
 9,386  
 155,335  
54,086,905  
Lease liabilities 
                -  
 118,005  
  -  
 55,721  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
                -  
 173,726  
Issued regulatory capital financial instruments 
 1,176,819  
 156,117  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 1,332,936  
Provisions for contingencies 
 104,521  
  -  
  -  
 34,003  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 87  
 138,611  
Provisions for dividends, payment of interest and 
revaluation of regulatory capital financial instruments 
issued 
 156,117  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 156,117  
Special provisions for credit loss 
 376,336  
  -  
  -  
 35,729  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 412,065  
Current tax 
 129,078  
  -  
  -  
 12,449  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 8  
 141,535  
Deferred tax 
 926  
  -  
  -  
                  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 926  
Other liabilities 
 436,236  
 484,876  
 1,308  
 441,516  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
  -  
 574  
 1,364,510  
Liabilities included in disposal groups held for sale 
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-                           -  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
  
-  
 -  
Total liabilities 
 30,614,956  
 5,383,710  
 4,558  
 27,615,743  
 24  
 20,997  
 131,658  
 665,786  
 48,813  
9,492  
 157,326  
64,653,063  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mismatches by currency as of December 31, 2021 
 (5,501,411) 
 10,977,098  
 208,381  
 (622,183) 
 -  
 1,497  
 111,757  
(563,422) 
(17,495) 
 327  
 (100,334) 
 4,494,215  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-370

--- Page 673 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 111 
 
 
NOTE 47 – RISK MANAGEMENT AND REPORTING 
 
1. INTRODUCTION 
 
Financial risk management is performed throughout the organization, under a framework containing policies that define the criteria and procedures 
guiding the actions of the Bank and its subsidiaries. 
 
Business activities performed by the Bank involve identifying, assessing, accepting, and managing different types of risks or combinations of risks. The 
main risk categories to which the Bank is exposed are financial risk, market risk, structural risk, and liquidity risk. 
 
To manage financial risks, the Bank’s Board of Directors and Senior Management are responsible for: 
 
• 
understanding the nature and magnitude of the financial risks assumed, as well as the strategies implemented to manage them; 
• 
directing the management of financial risks using prudential criteria, which avoid exposing the Bank to insolvency or financial instability; 
• 
defining a framework of policies that comprehensively regulate the management of financial risks, considering the best practices in the 
market, current regulations and the Bank’s culture; 
• 
establishing a structure of limits structure that covers all relevant risks, is consistent with the Board of Directors’ risk tolerance and current 
regulatory margins; 
• 
establishing a clear segregation of duties between trading and control activities, so that risk measurement, supervision and information are 
performed by units that are independent from the risk-assuming areas; 
• 
receiving relevant, complete and timely information; and 
• 
verifying the application of policies and compliance with limits through a continuous internal audit process. 
 
2. GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT 
 
The Board of Directors, through the Executive Committee, approves the policies and defines the level of financial risk tolerance. The Comptroller 
supervises compliance with risk policies, using independent evaluations. Likewise, the Bank controls exposure to financial risks through the Finance 
and Risk Committee. 
 
The Chief Executive Officer, as the main individual responsible for the Bank’s overall management, must conduct the business strictly adhering to the 
current legal framework and internal policies, limits and procedures established. He chairs the Assets and Liabilities Committee (ALCO), a body where 
he is informed about the risks assumed by the Corporation and provides guidelines for such purposes. 
 
The Assets and Liabilities Committee (ALCO) is the highest-ranking executive body assigned to manage financial risks. In its regular meetings, the ALCO 
Committee reviews the liquidity position, asset and liability management and investment strategies, with due regard to risks assumed. 
The Finance Department is responsible for the direct management of financial risks. Such department must implement business, investment, and 
financing strategies for the Bank to achieve its objectives while minimizing the risks assumed. 
The Market and Liquidity Risk Management measures and controls financial risks. This Department is responsible for proposing policies and limits to 
mitigate risks, as well as designing measurement tools according to the size and complexity of operations. 
The limit structure and daily control ensure that risks are within the margins established by the ALCO Committee and approved by the Executive 
Committee. This is strengthened by an adequate segregation of duties and the control by opposition established in the Bank’s organizational structure, 
which allows managing risks without any conflict of interest. 
The Market and Liquidity Risk Management reports on a daily basis risk exposures and the use of limits. In addition, on a monthly basis it communicates 
the overall financial risk position to the ALCO Committee, so that Senior Management understands the risks assumed, and if required, establishes 
guidelines. 
The supervision of the financial risks performed by the Bank on the subsidiaries is covered by the Subsidiary Control Policy. This is performed through 
the process of annual review of policies, quantification of risks, definition of stand-alone or consolidated limits, and coordination between the different 
vehicles when appropriate. 
3. MARKET RISK 
 
Market risk represents losses that could affect the value of investment portfolios because of adverse movements in market prices. 
Principles for managing market risk include: the use of methodologies to quantify market risks in accordance with the volume and complexity of the 
activities performed; mechanisms for periodic review of the models used to quantify market risks, including their independent validations; formal and 
periodic performance of stress exercises, appropriate for the scale and complexity of transactions and daily monitoring of limits and excesses. 
In the field of market risks, the following are managed: 
Price risk: it is the risk of losses that can cause a change in the value of a portfolio of financial instruments, in trading activities with customers 
(market making) and proprietary investments. This risk is found in all portfolios subject to market valuation. 
Basis risk: losses that may originate from an imperfect correlation between two or more market variables used to hedge the risk of a financial 
position. 
Convexity or mismatch risk: losses that may originate when assuming positions in a risk factor, generating mismatches in time periods. Those 
terms where there is greater market depth should be considered as one of the important variables. 
Optionality risk: Buying or writing options carries its own risks. These are closely characterized by the non-linear relationship between the 
gain generated by the option, the value of the underlying factors and the volatility of such factors. 
The Bank separate the management, control, and measurement of market risks between trading portfolios and available-for-sale and/or held-to-
maturity portfolios. The former includes positions as a result of the flow of sales to corporate and institutional customers, positions as a result of the 
market making business, and hedge or trading positions. The latter holds positions that come mainly from the management of interest rates associated 
with personal and commercial banking loans, in addition to a portfolio of financial investments. 
F-371

--- Page 674 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 112 
 
 
3.1 MARKET RISK IN THE TRADING BOOK 
 
The main market risks generated in the trading book are the following: 
 
Interest rate risk: arise as a result of exposure to movement in the different interest rate curves on which a current position is maintained. The typical 
products that generate this sensitivity correspond to interest rate derivative products (Swap or Cross Currency Swap), such as those products of the 
capital market business (Debt Securities, Term Deposits, Futures or other). However, in practice, all financial products are exposed to movements in 
interest rates due to the effect on the valuation associated with their discount factor. 
 
Currency risk: this risk is generated by the movements from the several exchange rates with the currencies on which current positions are held. This 
risk is generated in currency spot positions, as well as in any derivative product whose underlying is an exchange rate. 
 
Optionality risk: The purchase or writing of options carries its own risks. These are closely characterized by the non-linear relationship between the 
gain generated by the option, the value of the underlying factors and the volatility of said factors. 
 
Equity security risk arises as a result of movements in share prices. Such risk is generated in cash positions of shares as well as in any derivative 
product whose underlying is a share or a variable income index. This type of instrument mainly arises from the subsidiary BCI Corredor de Bolsa, 
whereas Bank BCI, by regulation, does not have access to these markets. 
 
3.1.1 Management and Limits 
 
The functions established for Financial Risk include the daily control of market risk positions, which implies ensuring compliance with the limits and/or 
alerts approved by Senior Management. This follow-up is performed regularly to assess the evolution of risk metrics and their significant movements, 
as well as communicate risks and possible excesses through the channels established for such purposes. 
 
Setting limits for trading market risk is a dynamic process that is associated with the level of risk appetite established by the BCI Corporation. Such 
process is part of the annual limit review and update plan. 
 
Limits are established on different metrics and are intended to cover all activities subject to this risk from multiple views, applying a prudent criterion, 
where the main are as follows: 
 
• VaR limits (Total and by risk factor). 
• Sensitivity limits to the exchange rate. 
• Interest rate sensitivity limits (total and by terms). 
• Sensitivity limits for positions in significant products. 
• Sensitivity limits for positions in significant spreads. 
• Vega limits. 
 
These general limits are supplemented by other sub-limits for structure that is granular to allow the effective control of the different types of trading 
market risk factors to which the Corporation is exposed in its trading activities. 
 
These limits are approved by senior management (ALCO and/or Board of Directors). 
 
3.1.2 Metrics 
 
a) VaR (Value at Risk): this is a methodology that estimates losses that a portfolio would incur as a result of an adverse movement of interest 
rates and/or market prices over a time horizon and for a certain confidence level. 
 
The VaR methodology used is historical simulation that recognizes the fat-tail property of financial returns. A 2-year rolling window of daily 
data is used. The 1st percentile of the P&L distribution is measured, or VaR at 99% confidence. The volatility updating technique is used, which 
recognizes the existence of volatility clusters. 
 
Objectives and limitations of the VaR methodology: The objective of VaR is to measure the risk of a portfolio of assets by determining how 
much it can lose over a period and with a given level of confidence, under normal market conditions. This method is applied to portfolios that 
have information on the relevant market variables. In addition, it does not depend on the calculation of correlations and volatilities, as these 
are calculated implicitly when using historical information, which means having the history of the associated variables to perform this 
calculation. 
 
 
F-372

--- Page 675 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 113 
 
 
The 1-day VaR for each portfolio is shown below. 
 
VaR tables by Portfolio: annual comparison as of December 31, 2022 
 
Figures in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
VaR 
2022 
2021 
Variance 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Trading 
1,771 
894 
877 
Maximum 
5,312 
2,723 
2,589 
Minimum 
303 
211 
92 
Average 
2,307 
1,309 
998 
Balance 
800 
893 
(93) 
Maximum 
1,517 
3,887 
(2,370) 
Minimum 
247 
81 
166 
Average 
727 
694 
33 
BCI Corredor de Bolsa 
1,421 
258 
1,163 
Maximum 
1,855 
952 
903 
Minimum 
213 
88 
125 
Average 
666 
346 
320 
BCI Asset Management 
116 
204 
(88) 
Maximum 
323 
386 
(63) 
Minimum 
114 
127 
(13) 
Average 
212 
247 
(35) 
 
VaR Trading: Quarterly graphic comparison as of December 31, 2022 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
 
 
 
VaR Balance: quarterly graphic comparison as of December 31, 2022 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
 
 
 
F-373

--- Page 676 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 114 
 
 
VaR Bci Corredora de Bolsa: quarterly graphic comparison as of December 31, 2022 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
 
 
VaR Bci Asset Management: quarterly graphic comparison as of December 31, 2022 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
 
 
For the current period, the VaR (Value at Risk) is broken down into the different risk factors that compose it for its management, this 
corresponds to: 
 
VaR by Risk factor: comparative table as of December 31, 2022, v/s 2021 
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos. 
Value at Risk 
2022 
2021 
Variance 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Total 
1,771 
894 
877 
Interest rate 
1,580 
810 
770 
Foreign currency 
271 
123 
148 
Optionality 
15 
110 
(95) 
 
Note: consider that the calculation of VAR having correlations, the sum of its factors is not the same related to the Total VAR. 
 
a) Stressed VaR (sVaR): there are limitations of the VaR models, mainly in the face of extreme events that have not been noted in the historical 
information or because they do not capture the intra-day movements in the portfolio. Because of this, stress situations are modeled to assess 
potential impacts on the value of the most extreme event portfolios. The following analysis presents the Stress VaR study for the main current 
risks. 
 
Stress VaR: annual comparison as of December 31, 2022 
 
Figures in millions of Chilean pesos, with a 1-day time horizon. 
STRESS VaR 
2022 
2021 
Variance 
 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
Total 
3,130 
3,684 
(554) 
Maximum 
8,844 
5,358 
3,486 
Minimum 
2,366 
1,559 
807 
Average 
4,657 
3,216 
1,441 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-374

--- Page 677 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 115 
 
 
3.2 COUNTERPARTY MARKET RISK 
 
Counterparty risk management encompasses the management of financial risks that seeks to recognize and subsequently manage the possible credit 
deterioration of each counterparty, arising from investments and/or businesses related to the capital market. 
This risk is defined as the possibility that the issuer or the counterparty does not comply with its obligations or commitments within the agreed terms 
and amounts. This risk is determined by the debt at the time of default, by the probability of default by the counterparty, and by the loss given default. 
On a daily basis, the current market value plus the potential future exposure of the derivatives is calculated; estimating the value of the debt in an 
event of default that has not yet occurred. The potential future exposure represents the maximum market value that the instruments could reach 
during the remaining term of the contract. The result of this calculation determines the use of the credit facility associated with derivative instruments. 
As part of counterparty risk management, Senior Management encourages direct involvement in both local and foreign clearing houses, as applicable, 
and the trading of derivative instruments must be conducted in accordance with the policies, limits and procedures established by the Bank, in 
compliance with internal and external regulations, and all new products must comply with the provisions of the New Products Policy prior to being 
traded. 
3.2.1 Management and Limits 
 
The Bank manages its counterparty risk through analysis of the future exposure of financial instruments, called PFE (Potential Future Exposure) and 
in turn through adjustments to the Fair value of derivative instruments, referred to as CVA (Credit Value Adjustment). 
 
3.2.2 Metrics 
a) Future Exposures: The future exposure of an over-the-counter (OTC) derivative is directly related to the credit exposure generated by this 
type of product for BCI. The risk from such contracts exists when the valuation or mark-to-market (MTM) is positive in favor of BCI. These 
contracts are measured on a daily basis, and the risk or uncertainty arises regarding the potential value that the MTM may reach throughout 
the life of the operation. 
Monte Carlo simulation techniques are used to calculate future exposures by counterparty. Specific limits by counterparty ensure that defined 
risk levels are not exceeded, and adequate diversification is achieved. The following table provides the detail of the exposure for each segment 
for the periods ended December 31, 2022, and 2021.  
Future Exposure by Banks: as of December 31, 2022
 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos. 
 
Future Exposure 
Banking 
December 31, 2022 
December 31, 2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
BCI Bank 
2,672,646 
2,467,992 
Private Banking 
162,221 
88,535 
Banks 
263,355 
641,300 
Corporate 
1,078,829 
765,047 
SMEs 
1,364 
1,610 
Business 
31,526 
38,110 
Large Corporations 
132,170 
98,075 
Real Estate 
109,839 
104,509 
Institutional 
893,342 
730,806 
Total 
2,672,646 
2,467,992 
 
 
 
b) Derivative credit valuation adjustment (CVA): The objective is to determine the expected losses due to counterparty risk in OTC derivative 
contracts. The CVA of a derivative is defined as the difference between the market value free of credit risk (without risk of default by the 
counterparty) and the value of the derivative engaged that carries the possibility of default by the counterparty. Accordingly, the CVA of a 
customer can be obtained from the expected exposure (EE) by counterparty risk (the expected loss amount) and the expected loss rate (EL) 
associated with the default of the counterparty. The table below details the allowance for CVA by segment for the periods ended December 
31, 2022, and 2021. 
 
 
 
 
 
6%
10%
40%
0%
1%
5%
4%
34%
Future Exposure
Private Banking
Banks
Corporate
Businessmen and
entrepreneurs
Companies
Large companies
Real estate
Institutional customers
F-375

--- Page 678 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 116 
 
 
CVA (Credit Value Adjustment): as of December 31, 2022 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos. 
 
Credit Value Adjustment (CVA) 
Banking  
December 31, 2022 
December 31, 2021 
Variation 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
BCI Bank 
13,016 
11,143 
1,873 
Private Banking 
666 
428 
238 
Banks 
7 
237 
(230) 
Corporate 
6,044 
5,090 
954 
SMEs 
12 
8 
4 
Business 
569 
585 
(16) 
Large Corporations 
1,944 
1,535 
409 
Real Estate 
3,284 
2,888 
396 
Institutional 
489 
372 
117 
City National Bank 
1,736 
1,409 
327 
BCI CdB 
0.48 
0.23 
0.25 
Total 
14,753 
12,553 
2,200 
 
 
 
 
3.3 MARKET RISK OUTSIDE OF THE TRADING BOOK 
 
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income relate to all financial instruments that have not been acquired for trading them at 
short-term, where the Bank intends to keep them on its balance sheet Instruments that are classified as financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income may not be subsequently reclassified to the category financial assets held for trading at fair value through profit or loss. 
 
Certain definitions that should be considered for the market of these assets are included below. 
 
Debt Securities (IRF): this is the name given to securities representing medium and long-term obligations, issued in series, intended to finance different 
production and housing activities. They bear interest and are generally quoted as a percentage of par value. 
 
Portfolio of Non-Derivative Financial Instruments: relates to the set of investment debt securities classified as Available for Sale, Investments to 
Maturity and the portfolio of corporate bonds classified in Trading, which weight different economic sectors, issuers, terms, rates (fixed versus floating 
or mixed rates), currencies, prepayment options, etc. 
 
Investment Grade Instruments: relate to instruments to which the investment grade classification has been associated by one of the international 
rating agencies: S&P, Moody’s and Fitch. This is equivalent to a BBB- or higher rating for the International market and A- for domestic instruments. 
 
Covenants: restrictions used by banks or institutional investors to ensure that issuers will operate prudently, allowing them to pay their debt on agreed 
terms. A covenant may require the issuer to present its financial statements to the bank or, an extreme covenant, would prohibit it from assuming 
new debt. 
 
3.3.1 Management and Limits 
 
Like the management of limits for the trading book, for the available for sale book, the duties established by Financial Risk are, in general, the definition 
of measurement criteria and regular control of the portfolio, which implies ensuring compliance with the limits and/or warnings approved by Senior 
Management. 
 
Setting market risk limits for available for sale securities is a dynamic process associated with the level of risk appetite established by the BCI 
Corporation. This process is part of the annual limit review and update plan. 
 
Limits applied are different for the different portfolios due to their different nature and objectives. 
We highlight the following market risk limits associated with available-for-sale instruments: 
 
➔ Interest rate sensitivity limits. It is the maximum amount by which the market value of the investment portfolio can change due to a one basis 
point increase in discount rates. 
➔ Diversification limits. Investment concentration limits by country, type of industry and business. 
➔ Portfolio permanence limits. According to the business model, the investments must remain a minimum amount of time in the portfolio as a 
whole. 
5%
0%
47%
0%
4%
15%
25%
4%
Credit Value Adjustment
Private Banking
Banks
Corporate
Businessmen and
entrepreneurs
Companies
Large companies
Real estate
Institutional customers
F-376

--- Page 679 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 117 
 
 
3.3.1.1 Metrics 
 
Sensitivities and positions 
 
The sensitivity analysis assesses the impact of one basis point on the interest rates at which each of the instruments in the available-for-sale investment 
portfolio are carried at fair value. 
 
Evolution of DV01 Investment book and Liquidity management. Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos 
 
 
The main positions in investments available for sale by type of issuer and currency are detailed below. The risk rating of such positions at the end of 
the most recent period is also reported. 
 
Investments available for sale 
Fair value as of December 31, 2022 (MCh$) 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
 
  
 CLP  
 UF  
 USD  
 EUR  
OTHER 
 Sovereign bonds  
      1,556,869  
        304,394           557,132  
                  -  
                  -  
 Corporate bonds  
                  -  
           10,561           277,287  
  
48,265  
                  -  
 Financial institutions bonds  
           11,115  
         893,170        3,153,683  
                  -  
                  -  
 Mortgage-funding notes   
                  -  
           23,447  
                  -  
                  -  
                  -  
 Time deposits  
         576,739  
           34,628  
                  -  
                  -  
                  -  
 Investments funds   
                  -  
                  -  
           32,680  
                  -  
                  -  
Shares  
                  -  
                  -           121,003  
                  -  
                  -  
 Total  
     2,144,723  
      1,266,201        4,141,785            48,265  
                  -  
 
Investments available for sale 
Fair value as of December 31, 2021 (MCh$) 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
 
  
CLP 
UF 
USD 
EUR 
OTHER 
 Sovereign bonds  
      1,205,272 
             9,496  
         616,468  
                  -    
                  -   
 Corporate bonds  
                  -    
             9,325  
        226,728  
          56,600  
                  -   
 Financial institutions bonds  
           21,236  
        296,644  
    3,800,490  
                  -    
                  -   
 Mortgage-funding notes   
                  -    
           26,572  
                  -    
                  -    
                  -   
 Time deposits  
        399,040  
                  -    
                  -    
                  -    
                  -   
 Investments funds  
                  -    
                  -    
           43,914  
                  -    
                  -   
Shares 
                  -    
                  -    
           67,178  
                  -    
                  -   
Total 
     1,625,548  
        342,037  
     4,754,778  
          56,600  
                  -   
 
 
Investments available for sale 
International bond portfolio risk rating as of December 31, 2022 (%) 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
 
 
 
 
F-377

--- Page 680 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 118 
 
 
Investments available for sale 
Risk rating of bond portfolio and LCH of national issue as of December 31, 2022 (%) 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
 
 
4. STRUCTURAL INTEREST RATE RISK 
 
The management of the structural risks of interest rates and inflation seeks to manage the risks arising from the Bank's operations and asset and 
liability positions, derivatives, and non-derivatives, excluding trading activities. 
In this area, the following risks are managed: 
 
➔ Interest rate risk: possibility of economic losses in the Bank's equity position (profit or loss or equity) as a result of adverse and unexpected 
changes in interest rates (parallel movements in the level of general rates and spreads). 
 
➔ Repricing risk: arises from differences in the maturity or repricing structure between assets and liabilities, as well as off-balance sheet 
positions. Repricing risk occurs when there are gaps or mismatches in the maturity structure or " repricing " of the Bank's assets and liabilities, 
whether on or off the balance sheet (e.g., positions in derivative financial instruments, contingent loans, etc.). Exposure varies according to 
the magnitude of the mismatches and the direction of the change in rates. 
 
➔ Risk in the structure of interest rates: arises from changes in the shape of the intertemporal structure of interest rates. 
 
➔ Base risk: results from the existence of an imperfect correlation in the adjustment of interest rates received and paid on certain financial 
instruments, which should have similar adjustment characteristics in their prices. 
 
➔ Optionality risk: arises from short positions in implicit options both in assets, liabilities as well as in off-balance sheet instruments or explicit 
options. This risk includes the option of a prepayment of loans, translating this payment option as a prepayment risk. 
 
➔ Inflation risk: possibility of economic losses in the Bank's equity position (profit or loss or equity) as a result of adverse changes in the price 
path or price index. 
 
4.1 Management and Limits 
 
Currently, limits are set on the following metrics to ensure consistency with the Bank's strategic objectives and avoid risk situations in stress scenarios 
(illiquidity, loss of profitability, among other). 
 
➔ Short-term risk: it is controlled with the SaR methodology, the result of which may not be higher than a percentage of the Bank's financial 
margin. 
 
➔ Long-term risk: controlled by the MVS methodology, the result of which may not be higher than a percentage of the Bank's basic capital. 
 
➔ Limits are established for metrics X1 (short-term rate risk) and X2 (long-term rate risk) of the C40 regulatory report. 
 
4.2 Metrics 
 
Unexpected changes in interest rates or inflation can have negative effects on both the Bank's profit for the period and economic value. Exposure to 
interest rate risks is noted in: 
 
1. The short-term impact on the Bank's revenue (typically 1 year). 
2. Long-term impact on the present value of future cash flows. 
3. The impact on other sources of revenue. 
4. This view allows using two supplementary methodologies to assess such exposure to interest rate risk: 
 
Accumulated Net Interest Margin (Spread at Risk, SaR) 
The analysis focuses on the impact associated with variations in interest rates and short-term inflation on annual revenue The analysis is performed 
considering the impact of changes in interest rates on the Bank's financial margin over a given time horizon. 
 
 
 
F-378

--- Page 681 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 119 
 
 
Economic Value (Market Value Sensitivity, MVS) 
 
The economic value of a bank can be expressed as the present value of the expected net cash flows, defined as the expected cash flows of assets less 
the expected cash flows of liabilities, plus the expected net flows of positions recorded off-balance. 
 
As the economic value considers the potential impact of changes in interest rates on the present value of future cash flows, it provides a better view 
of the potential long-term effects of changes in interest rate structures.  
 
The average long-term SVM measurement for 2022 is 4.16% (2.77% 2021) of capital over a limit of 12%. The SaR meanwhile has an average in 2022 
of 4.65% versus an average of 2.19% in 2021. 
 
SVM 
As of December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
SaR 
As of December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The evolution of regulatory indices X1 (exposure to short-term market risk) and X2 (exposure to long-term market risk) registered slack with respect 
to the limits so far in 2022, mainly explained by the management of the balance sheet with accounting hedges. 
 
Regulatory Market Risk X1 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
As of December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-379

--- Page 682 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 120 
 
 
Regulatory Market Risk X2 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
As of December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
5. LIQUIDITY RISK 
 
Liquidity management is a strategic activity, it must be aligned at all times at the corporate level in terms of its objectives, guidelines and resources 
assigned in the commercial line, risk control, financial operations, and technology, among other areas. 
For these purposes, the liquidity risk will correspond to the impossibility of: 
➔ Comply with contractual obligations. 
➔ Avoid regulatory sanctions for non-compliance with regulatory ratios. 
➔ Permanently and competitively finance commercial activity. 
➔ Liquidate positions without significant losses. 
 
The concentration of liabilities by main sources of funding is presented below. 
 
Evolution of main sources of funding 
As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones and City National Bank 
 
 
5.1 Management and Limits 
The Bank's liquidity management policy and models seek to guarantee, even in the face of unexpected events, the Bank's ability to adequately respond 
to its obligations. 
Liquidity and funding management is performed by treasury in accordance with practices and limits aligned with local regulations, best international 
practices, and the Bank's risk appetite. For this reason, the Bank must maintain a limit structure that allows an adequate and robust risk management. 
Currently, limits are set on the following metrics: 
➔ Liquidity barrier: A ratio that is controlled on a daily basis and whose objective is to constitute a minimum highly liquid reserve fund, which 
allows it to face unexpected situations of illiquidity, bank runs or confidence crises. The limit is reviewed at least annually. 
➔ Concentration of deposits and time deposits: it is controlled on a daily basis, to prevent the Bank from being exposed to a sudden outflow 
from its source of funding. 
➔ Accumulated cash flow mismatches: it is controlled on a daily basis, to ensure that there is a sufficient income flow to meet short-term 
obligations. 
➔ Liquidity coverage ratios (LCR): controlled on a daily basis to provide a liquidity structure that is capable of withstanding a stress scenario in 
the short term. The LCR measures a bank's liquidity risk profile, ensuring that it has an adequate pool of high-quality assets (ALAC), which can 
be easily and immediately converted into cash, without significant loss of value, in the financial markets. 
➔ Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR): requires banks to maintain a stable funding profile in relation to their assets. The objective is to reduce the 
risk that the volatility of funding sources deteriorates the Bank's liquidity position. It is controlled on a daily basis, seeking to discourage 
excessive short-term wholesale funding. The metric seeks for the Bank to diversify its sources of financing. 
Since the latter are the main ratios of liquidity, it should be noted that they have remained comfortable with respect to both regulatory and 
internal limits. 
F-380

--- Page 683 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 121 
 
 
5.2 Metrics 
 
➔ Liquidity barrier 
 
The liquidity barrier established in BCI consists of a minimum buffer of highly liquidity and credit quality assets, of a counter-cyclical nature in relation 
to liquidity, whose purpose is to support the ability to cover short-term obligations. 
The measurement of the level of requirement of the barrier considers on average the wholesale DAP maturities, issued bonds, liquidity provision of 
subsidiaries and external funding (Miami Branch) of the last year. 
 
To comply with the requirement of a minimum buffer of High-Quality Liquid Assets, two short-term measurement periods are defined, which 
constitute an Alert (15 days) and a Limit (10 days). Both values are reviewed and updated annually by the Financial Risk team. As of December 31, 
2022, and 2021, the liquidity barrier is as follows: 
 
  
  
As of December 31, 2022 
  
As of December 31, 2021 
  
  
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
Liquidity Threshold (*) 
4,445,709 
5,785,453  
2,567,623 
5,167,482 
  
3,615,093  
5,186,826  
2,390,548  
2,573,489  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
(*) Amounts in millions of pesos. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
Liquidity barrier evolution as of December 31, 2022 
Amounts in millions of Chilean pesos 
 
 
 
➔ Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
 
This ratio is within the Basel III standards and aims to ensure that banks have an adequate fund of High-Quality Assets (ALAC), which can be easily and 
immediately converted into cash, to meet their obligations in a 30-day liquidity stress scenario. This ratio has a regulatory limit and will increase to 
100% as of June 2022. Its form of measurement is ALAC on net expenses, where the different items have different weights. 
 
As of December 31, 2022, BCI had a Global consolidation LCR of 166.3%, well above the required limit, given the current regulation. 
 
  
As of December 31, 2022 
  
As of December 31, 2021 
  
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
  
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
LCR 
119.5% 
134.8% 
110.4% 
166.3   
326.1% 
387.3% 
275.0% 
299.6% 
 
As the latter are the main indicators of liquidity, note that they have remained comfortable with respect to both regulatory and internal limits. 
LCR evolution as of December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
➔ Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
 
This ratio is designed to address long-term liquidity mismatches and covers the entire balance sheet by providing incentives for financial institutions 
to use stable sources of funding. It is measured given the Stable Financing Available (FED) over the Stable Financing Required (FER), the first being the 
proportion of own and external resources that are classified as reliable. The FER, on the other hand, corresponds to the book value of the assets based 
on the characteristics of liquidity and residual maturities. 
 
 
F-381

--- Page 684 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 122 
 
 
Currently, this ratio does not have a regulatory limit, however, the Bank has decided to consider an incremental internal limit, which expects to reach 
a 100% NSFR requirement in 2025. As of December 31, 2022, BCI placed its Global consolidation NSFR at 102.2%. 
  
As of December 31, 2022 
  
As of December 31, 2021 
  
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
  
Average 
Maximum 
Minimum 
Close 
NSFR 
100.8% 
101.4% 
100.4% 
102.2%   
103.9% 
111.0% 
96.8% 
96.8% 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
NSFR evolution (global consolidated) as of December 31, 2022 
 
 
 
➔ Liquidity early warning ratios 
 
BCI has a set of early warnings that allow capturing negative trends in the markets or in the balance structure. Both market variables and information 
from the Bank's balance sheet are monitored. The funding liquidity prizes in local banks, or the increase in the volatility of market prices, are some of 
the market variables that stand out. On the other hand, demand deposit flight rates or deficits in the renewal of time deposits are relevant balance 
sheet information among other elements of periodic monitoring. 
 
➔ Mismatch of deadlines 
 
The mismatch is the metric that determines the difference between Expenditures and Income of the flows of the main items of the Bank. For its 
determination, adjusted flows were considered, that is, considering behavioral models for some items. In this sense, for example, the liabilities 
associated with financial and non-financial calls are considered, considering the unstable part and the stable part as the demand balance according to 
their behavior. Below is the mismatch of terms at 7, 15 and 30 days in the case of the local version considering adjusted flows. 
 
Local consolidation term mismatch as of December 31, 2022 
 
Additionally, the relevant metrics for mismatching at 30 and 90 days for the individual version are presented. 
 
 
 
F-382

--- Page 685 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 123 
 
 
In addition to the aforementioned metrics, it is important to highlight the distribution of high-quality Liquid Assets held by the Bank for optimal 
liquidity management. 
Composition of liquid assets as of 12/31/2022 
 
 
➔ Concentration of Time Deposits and Funding 
 
Below is the concentration by counterparty for on demand and time deposit items. 
Composition of Counterparties by Main Liabilities as of 12/31/2022 
 
➔ Maturity of non-derivative and derivative liabilities 
To see the details of maturities, it is recommended to see note 45 - Contractual Maturity according to the remaining terms of financial assets and 
liabilities. 
6. FINANCIAL RISK STRESS TESTING EXERCISES 
Stress tests are risk measurement tools designed with the aim of gaining a deeper understanding of the profile and dynamics of the different market 
and liquidity risks associated with Trading and Banking books about: 
 
➔ Measurement of the impact of extreme movements in the markets (prospective, hypothetical, historical and idiosyncratic) 
➔ Isolated measurement of the impact of a particular/specific risk component 
➔ Measurement of a dynamic interdependence between relevant risk factors 
 
The stress tests are intended to identify financial vulnerabilities in the balance sheet structure and trading book against low probability but plausible 
situations or risk scenarios that can be seen in a short-term horizon. The analysis separates the impacts on those positions that affect the income 
statement from those that affect the equity accounts. 
 
The scope and criteria for the development of stress tests are given by: 
 
➔ Limitations of the methodological approaches used: these approaches intervene in the calculation of the shocks to be applied in the different 
scenarios and their limitations correspond to obtaining the shocked curves that are modeled from macroeconomic factors. Therefore, there 
is a tolerance margin of how this modeling of curves can be explained by macroeconomic factors. 
 
➔ For liquidity stress scenarios, these are configured, on the one hand, by calibrating prices and system stress measures (monitor of market 
conditions), as well as short-term impacts (30 days and 90 days) on the structure balance. 
 
➔ The market monitor is calibrated by estimating the price levels at which the stress scenario is estimated. In the case of historical scenarios, 
the basic argument is historical information and estimates of the impact of the crisis, while in the case of prospective scenarios, the analysis 
is based on the risks inherent to the banking industry, which are included with information to raise awareness of risk scenarios and vision is 
essential. 
 
➔ On the other hand, the changes in the balance sheet structure are projected as stress scenarios, and in no case are the estimates based 
exclusively on historical measurements. Depending on the level of criticality of the estimated market conditions for each scenario, 
conservative estimates of leak rates and balance sheet movements are projected. In general, the higher the estimated criticality for each 
scenario, the higher the leakage rate associated with the sources of funding. In addition, depending on the characteristics of the depositor 
and the estimated stability of the deposits, the flight rates are modeled with different movements and sensitivities to stress scenarios. 
➔ The bank's capacity to absorb potential losses is contained within the established risk appetite and the action plans that the bank has to modify 
its risk profile. 
F-383

--- Page 686 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 124 
 
 
➔ Action plans: As a preventive financial measure, BCI constitutes the liquidity barrier, which represents the minimum level of liquid assets 
evaluated to ensure liquidity even in extreme illiquidity events, calibrated with the level of tension that the system evidences. In addition to 
the above, to take action in the face of any liquidity contingency, BCI has a Liquidity Contingency Plan, which meets with a liquidity contingency 
committee (CCL). The CCL must consider various sources of funds to face a liquidity crisis. The set of tentative actions, visualized before 
performing a risk scenario, may consider: 
 
a) Subordinate trading portfolio to declarations of liquidity needs. The amount may vary according to the considerations of the committee, 
and the entire portfolio may be used for liquidity purposes in case of contingency. 
b) Manage funding sources. Stimulate the raising of funds with adequate prices in the event of a contingency declaration. 
c) Conditions to make FPL and Repos with the Central Bank. The Liquidity Sub-Management will manage, at its discretion, the use of facilities 
with the Central Bank of Chile. 
d) Stimulate Sales with an agreement, Repo, and funding via TRS when feasible. Monitor assets to finance the contingency. Potential 
available monitoring of Barrier Papers, Monitoring of Liquid Assets issued abroad, in BCI, Miami Branch and City National Bank portfolios. 
e) Use of local and international interbank lines. Costs and ease of use of the available lines will be evaluated. 
f) Use window discount FED. Semi-annual monitoring of fund-raising capacity with FED window discount. 
g) Sale of loan portfolio subject to evaluation by the contingency committee. 
 
 
 
6.1. Scenario Analysis 
 
The scenarios associated with the banking book seek to capture, through hypothetical, prospective or historical scenarios, the dynamics between 
nominal short-term and long-term rates and inflation (Real TPM). These effects are represented by shocks in the rates in the different time horizons, 
reflecting the variations in inflation expectations if they correspond to each scenario. 
 
For their part, the trading book scenarios aim to capture movements in relative prices as a result of changes in expectations or flows in derivative 
instruments associated with differentials in external and internal rates that allow us to identify risk exposures outside the normal behavior of the 
portfolio. 
 
At least 3 scenarios are established, which aim to measure the bank's exposure to stress situations observed at a global and/or systemic level. These 
were conceived based on expert opinion, historical crisis situations and developed with econometric techniques. 
 
The proposed scenarios are: 
 
I.       Historical. 
II.      Adverse. 
III.     Dynamic. 
 
I. 
Historical scenario 
 
The mortgage default crisis in the US inevitably led to a counterparty crisis and severe liquidity shortages that had profound repercussions on the real 
economy and global financial markets. 
 
Stock markets in the US fall more than 4%, Asian markets 5%, the most important markets in Europe fall an average of 3.3%, Brazil falls more than 7% 
and Argentina more than 5%, all this on the same day of the fall of Lehman Brothers. 
 
Copper for its part falls 53%, WTI 50%, Japan 38%, Dow Jones 30%, and Chile 16%. All these 3 months after the fall. 
 
In the 2 months following the fall of Lehman Brothers, the dollar rises 21% while the Euro strengthens against the dollar by more than 3% during the 
first week after the Lehman crash, although it ends up collapsing by more 12% during the first two months. 
 
II. 
Adverse scenario 
 
The pessimistic scenario is characterized by external and domestic impacts. Externally, there is a global recession (USA, Asia, Europe and Latam) 
accompanied by a lower demand for commodities. At the local level, there is a strong contraction (economic recession) in the construction, commerce, 
and mining sectors. 
 
Commodity prices (copper price) plummet as a result of the global recession. World demand for Chilean exports decreases significantly, accelerating 
the external imbalance. Imports of capital goods fall sharply. The exchange rate depreciates significantly amid massive capital flight, generating 
inflationary pressures. 
 
The labor market deteriorates, unemployment increases, salaried employment and wages fall sharply, the MPR (monetary policy rate) falls in the face 
of a smaller output gap and strong inflationary pressures. As a final consequence, the GDP contracts significantly throughout the stress scenario, 
converging to a lower growth rate in the long term. 
 
III. 
Dynamic scenario 
 
In this scenario, the most adverse historical shocks are faced with respect to the current rate structure, and monthly shock rate scenarios are defined. 
The period to be selected is the one that generates shocks at the 1% and 99% percentile. 
 
The scenarios proposed for the liquidity stress tests are: 
 
IV.  
Historical. 
V.     
Adverse. 
VI.   
Idiosyncratic. 
 
 
F-384

--- Page 687 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 125 
 
 
IV. 
Historical Scenario 
 
The determination of these is based on the use of historical data of the banking system obtained from the web page of the Financial Market 
Commission of Chile (CMF). The time series of the most relevant income and expense items of the balance sheets of the banks in the financial market, 
as well as off-balance sheet items, are used. To select the historical scenario, the result of applying the leakage rates of each scenario (each date) on 
the 30 and 90-day flows of the relevant balance sheet items used in the Liquidity Stress Exercise is calculated. The scenario selected will be the one 
that generates the highest net outflows (outflows minus revenues). 
 
V. 
Adverse Scenario 
 
The pessimistic scenario is characterized by external and domestic impacts. At the external level, there is a world recession (USA, Asia, Europe, and 
Latin America) accompanied by a lower demand for commodities. Locally, there is a strong contraction (economic recession) in the construction, 
trade, and mining sectors. 
 
Commodity prices (copper prices) plummet as a result of the world recession. World demand for Chilean exports decreases significantly, accelerating 
the external imbalance. Imports of capital goods fall sharply. The exchange rate depreciates significantly amid massive capital flight, generating 
inflationary pressures. 
 
The labor market deteriorates sharply, unemployment increases, salaried employment and wages fall sharply, the monetary policy rate (TPM) falls in 
the face of a smaller output gap and strong inflationary pressures. As a final consequence, GDP contracts sharply throughout the stress scenario, 
converging to a lower growth rate in the long run. 
 
VI. 
Idiosyncratic Scenario 
 
To develop the basis for BCI's idiosyncratic scenario, we opt for the analysis of a historical liquidity crisis triggered by non-systematic factors. This is 
because it is considered that the definition and simulation of idiosyncratic effects by themselves and independent of empirical impacts would require 
a series of assumptions that at an aggregate level could generate a series of validity problems such as the deterioration of the specification of the 
models used or the obtaining of insignificant or even infeasible results.  
 
To carry out this work, we first analyze the background of the case of the Bank under Study, the reasons and impact of the crisis, and then we define 
the methodology to simulate the impacts that such a scenario would have if experienced by BCI according to its own characteristics. 
 
6.2 Results and impacts 
 
➔ Market risk 
 
The following tables show the results of the banking and trading books, distinguishing the effects on the income statement from the effects on the 
bank's capital. 
 
Summary of Banking Book results as of December 31, figures in millions of CLP 
(Impacts are measured for the next 12 months) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Summary of trading book results as of December 31, figures in millions of CLP 
(Impacts are measured based on the duration of each scenario) 
 
Trading 
Income 
Historical 
(1,871) 
Adverse 
9,747 
Dynamic Perc. 1%  
3,493 
Dynamic Perc. 99% 
(6,198) 
Balance Sheet - Trading Book 
PnL 
Historical 
(2) 
Adverse 
3,249 
Dynamic Perc. 1%  
(973) 
Dynamic Perc. 99% 
(308) 
 
Summary results portfolios Available for Sale as of December 31, figures in millions of CLP 
(Impacts are measured based on the duration of each scenario) 
 
Available for sale- Consolidated 
Equity 
  Effect E/R (P&L) 
Historical 
(183,838)  
                 82,118  
Adverse 
209,178 
  163,380 
Dynamic Perc. 1%  
113,232 
                              -  
Dynamic Perc. 99% 
(123,072) 
                              -  
 
 
 
Banking Book 
Inflation 
  
Reprice 
  
PnL 
Historical 
                     (766)  
(4,945)  
(5,712) 
Adverse 
                 (2,858)  
(4,102)  
(6,959) 
Dynamic Perc. 1%  
                    (172)  
7,011  
6,839 
Dynamic Perc. 99% 
                      (771)  
(6,923)  
(7,694) 
F-385

--- Page 688 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 126 
 
 
The effects on Equity correspond to movements in both discount rates and spread, corresponding to CEMBI. While the effects shown in results are 
directly related to the exchange rate risk in the investment portfolio. 
 
Summary results Fair Value Hedges as of December 31, figures in millions of CLP 
(Impacts are measured based on the duration of each scenario) 
 
Fair Value Hedge 
Fair Value Hedge 
Adjustment 
(P&L) 
  
Rate (P&L) 
  
Total 
Historical 
-   
(359)   
(359) 
Adverse 
-   
58,267   
58,267 
Dynamic Perc. 1%  
-   
34,035   
34,035 
Dynamic Perc. 99% 
-   
(35,830)   
(35,830) 
 
Fair Value hedges correspond to strategies to float the base risk of active bonds, whose interest rate is fixed, and its currency is foreign. 
 
Summary of Bank portfolio results as of December 31, figures in millions of CLP 
(Impacts are measured based on the duration of each scenario) 
 
Scenario 
P&L 
  
Equity 
  
Total Economic 
Historical 
(7,585)  
(183,838)  
(191,423) 
Adverse 
6,037  
209,178  
215,215 
Dynamic Perc. 1%  
9,359  
113,232  
122,591 
Dynamic Perc. 99% 
(14,200)  
(123,072)  
(137,272) 
    
  
    
   
Effect on P&L 
Bank book 
  
Trading book 
  
Total P&L 
Historical 
(5,712)  
(1,873)  
(7,585) 
Adverse 
(6,959)  
12,996  
6,037 
Dynamic Perc. 1%  
6,839  
2,520  
9,359 
Dynamic Perc. 99% 
(7,694)  
(6,506)  
(14,200) 
    
   
    
   
  
  
Effect on Equity 
Bank Portfolio 
  
Total Equity 
    
Historical 
(183,838)  
(183,838)     
Adverse 
209,178  
209,178     
Dynamic Perc. 1%  
113,232  
113,232     
Dynamic Perc. 99% 
(123,072)  
(123,072)     
 
Liquidity risk 
The following tables show the results of the effects on the Bank's liquidity, in each of the scenarios: 
 
Table # 5: Additional Needs of Funds for liquidity 30 and 90 days to December 31, 
(Figures in Billions of CLP) 
Demand for 
Liquidity 30 days 
  
Demand for 
Liquidity 90 days 
  
Available Liquid 
Assets 
  
Liquidity Needs 
  
  
  
Historical 
2,192  
801  
5,779  
- 
Adverse 
2,158  
875  
5,416  
- 
Idiosyncratic 
662  
240  
5,829  
- 
 
Survival Period: From the data obtained for the Bank's liquidity stress test, it can be observed that the survival period under the Historical and 
Idiosyncratic Scenario is less than 30 days. On the other hand, in case of the Pessimistic Scenario, the survival period is between 30 and 90 days. 
 
7. OPERATIONAL RISK 
 
Introduction 
 
Bci has adopted the Basel Committee's definition of Operational Risk, which defines it as the "risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal 
processes, personnel and systems or from external events". This definition includes technological risk and legal risk. 
  
Operational risk is a risk inherent to all banking products and services, processes, and systems, therefore, the effective management of this risk is a 
fundamental element of Bci's risk management program.  
 
Description of operational risk policies 
 
Our Operational Risk Policy establishes the management framework for this risk, which contains the necessary elements for its governance, executed 
through the actions of different committees defined in this policy, which aim to build a robust culture for effective management; through the process 
of identifying and managing risk on an ongoing basis; measuring; defining strategies for its mitigation; reporting and operational risk culture, 
establishing clear roles and responsibilities based on the three lines of defense approach. 
 
The principles of the policy are as follows: 
 
• 
The Board of Directors and senior management promote the generation of a healthy risk culture in all Bci's operational risk collaborators.  
• 
Bci has a framework for operational risk management consistent with the volume and complexity of its activities, which is implemented 
throughout the organization. 
F-386

--- Page 689 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 127 
 
• 
Bci manages operational risk based on the three lines of defense approach, where all employees assume and understand their roles and 
responsibilities with respect to operational risk management. 
• 
For Bci, operational risk management is a fundamental element for the achievement of the business strategy. By strengthening the internal 
control environment, we promote the generation and maintenance of safe, simple processes with effective controls to reduce losses, claims, 
operational and technological incidents, improve the customer experience, and protect Bci Corporation's assets and reputation. 
 
The policy considers the guidelines and requirements established by the Financial Market Commission and the recommendations of the Basel 
Committee regarding good operational risk management practices. 
 
Operational risk management structure 
 
The Bank manages its operational risks on a day-to-day basis and makes decisions with a solid Corporate Governance structure as follows: 
 
Committees formed by Directors: 
  
- Executive Committee of the Board of Directors: responsible for approving operational risk policies that address the relative importance of operational 
risks considering the volume and complexity of operations and approval of the Operational Risk Appetite. 
- Finance and Corporate Risk Committee, responsible for monitoring the levels of Bci's different operational risks.  
- Directors' Committee: takes cognizance of significant operational risks detected by the Comptroller's Office, third line of defense, Non-Financial Risk 
Management, External Auditors, or other sources, and is informed of the action plans or measures that have been defined or are being implemented 
to mitigate them. Analyzes reports on inspection visits, instructions and presentations made by regulatory agencies related to Operational Risk. 
  
Committees formed by Senior Management: 
 
The committees formed by the General Manager and/or first level managers reporting to the General Manager that have a direct relationship in the 
management of operational risk are as follows:  
  
- Operational Risk and Information Security Committee. This committee is chaired by Bci's Chief Executive Officer and is responsible for operational 
risk strategy and management in the Bank and its subsidiaries.  
- Operational Risk and Information Security Committees specific to risk management in each line of business. There are 4 separate committee sessions 
for the Finance Division, Wholesale Banking, Retail Banking and MACH. Each of these committees is chaired by the respective first level Manager 
reporting to the General Manager of these four Business and Support Units, who is responsible for operational risk management in each Business.  
  
Committees specializing in the management of specific operational risks 
  
The purpose of these committees is the specific and specialized management of operational risks:  
  
- Information Security and Cybersecurity Committee: Committee responsible for the governance of the information security and cybersecurity 
management system, made up of representatives from various areas of the Bank, who ensure that the regulatory framework is kept up to date with 
new risks and threats, the implementation and monitoring of the security manual and compliance with specific policies and information security and 
cybersecurity program.  
- Risk Management Committee for Outsourced Services: Committee responsible for the governance of operational risk management in services 
provided to third parties and strategic suppliers.  
- Corporate Business Continuity Risk Committee: Committee responsible for the governance of business continuity management, disaster recovery 
plan and crisis management.  
- New Products Committee: Committee responsible for risk analysis in new initiatives and the launch of products and services with identified and 
controlled risks. 
 
Operational risk management in subsidiaries 
 
With respect to operational risk management in the subsidiaries, the operational risk work methodologies have been continuously reinforced with 
the risk management teams of the Bank's subsidiaries, who execute the risk management program in each subsidiary with an independent corporate 
governance, coordinated and aligned with the policies, risk appetite framework and corporate risk governance. 
 
Non-Financial Risk Management 
 
It is responsible for designing policies, programs, and methodologies for the adequate management of non-financial risk, understood as the different 
types of operational risks and compliance risks, among which are the prevention of money laundering and regulatory risks. The role of this 
management is to mobilize the execution of the activities of this risk management program, measure and monitor the level of risk independently from 
the first line. Responsible for the development of governance committees and the reporting of risk levels. 
 
Non-Financial Risk Management is actively involved in:  
 
— Operational Incident Management. 
 
The Bank has systems, procedures, organization, and governance in place to identify operational incidents, assess their impact, mitigate their effects, 
monitor security and operations, and report them in a timely manner. Incidents are a source of root cause analysis and implementation of 
improvement plans, which are shared with the CMF. 
 
— Information Security and Cybersecurity 
 
The Bank has an information security and cybersecurity strategy based on industry best practices that is supported by a comprehensive management 
program, whose main component is the general information security policy approved by the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors and 
reviewed annually, complemented by a regulatory body of specific control regulations, a security culture program aimed at employees, customers 
and suppliers, continuous vulnerability analysis and ethical hacking programs, and an organization made up of specialized areas in the Bank's three 
lines of defense, oriented to the operation of security controls and the specialized management of these risks. 
 
F-387

--- Page 690 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 128 
 
The information security and cybersecurity strategy contemplate the execution of various initiatives and investments to strengthen the technological 
infrastructure, team training and specific cybersecurity operation and monitoring processes, aimed at preventing, detecting, and stopping cyber-
attacks on the bank and its subsidiaries. 
 
— Business continuity and crisis management 
 
The business continuity and crisis management strategies developed during the last few years have been consolidated, adding new risk scenarios, and 
increasing the coverage of the plan to different units that need to maintain the continuity of their services in the event of contingency scenarios. 
 
The Bank is permanently working on strengthening its business continuity plan and on training the teams that make up the contingency and crisis 
management teams. The coverage of the plan has increased according to the Bank's requirements, including the processes that require it according 
to their criticality. 
 
 
— Fraud Prevention 
 
This function is responsible for implementing a corporate fraud prevention strategy, both internal and external, to protect the assets of our clients 
and the Bank, as well as the reputation and image of BCI. To this end, processes, technologies, methodologies, and models have been reinforced to 
make optimal decisions in real time, to prevent and anticipate emerging and sophisticated fraud risks, as well as activities have been carried out to 
reinforce the culture and adherence to the ethical framework for the good performance of the Bank's employees and its subsidiaries. 
 
— Operational risk management in outsourced services 
 
The Non-Financial Risk Management has a risk management program for outsourced services for the Bank, the purpose of which is to identify and 
manage in a timely manner the risks that may exist in a process to be contracted or contracted to a third party. This management is carried out during 
the entire life cycle of the outsourced service, that is, from the time the service is contracted until the contractual relationship is terminated. Depending 
on the risks identified, decisions are taken to keep the risks within acceptable levels for BCI. 
 
— Insurance 
  
BCI Corporation has risk mitigation programs through insurance policies that transfer the risk of high-severity losses. 
  
— Security procedures and controls 
 
The Corporation has adequate security controls for the physical protection of cash, negotiable instruments, precious metals, and client assets. 
 
— Prevention of Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism 
 
The objective of the "Prevention of Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism" program is to ensure full compliance with all applicable regulations 
on these matters, both in Chile and in all countries where Bci operates, thus preventing the Corporation from being used by third parties to launder 
funds derived from illegal or criminal activities, or to facilitate the transfer of funds for the purpose of financing terrorist operations.   
 
Regulatory Risk Prevention: 
 
— Crime prevention program 
 
Bci has a crime prevention program certified by an independent organization, established in accordance with the provisions of Law No. 20,393 on 
Criminal Liability of Legal Entities, which establishes a corporate organization to prevent the commission of these and other crimes by some of the 
members of Bci. Therefore, it seeks to prevent and avoid the commission of behaviors described in this regulation and to guarantee that, in the event 
that any employee engages in any of these behaviors, he/she will do so not only in contradiction with the corporate culture, but also in spite of the 
efforts made by the company to prevent it. 
— Program for the Protection of Free Competition 
 
The objective of the Program for the Protection of Free Competition is to avoid anti-competitive practices, which are established in DL 211, because 
they can delay the development of new goods and services, the efficient allocation of resources, the adequate satisfaction of needs, and the 
participation of new and better suppliers of goods and services in the different markets. 
 
— Regulatory Management 
  
Bci carries out all its activities in strict compliance with the applicable regulations, both external and internal, in all countries and jurisdictions in 
which it operates. To this end, there is a continuous process of review of new external regulations for their incorporation into the internal regulatory 
framework. 
 
Event type 
Gross loss 
Recovery 
Net Loss  
Internal fraud 
(178) 
37 
(141) 
External fraud 
(8,526) 
2,687 
(5,839) 
Labor practices and business safety 
(1,029) 
10 
(1,019) 
Customers, products and business practices 
(1,658) 
46 
(1,612) 
Damage to physical assets 
(342) 
142 
(200) 
Business interruption and system failures 
(352) 
173 
(179) 
Process execution, delivery and management 
(6,102) 
129 
(5,973) 
Totals 
(18,187) 
3,224 
(14,963) 
F-388

--- Page 691 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 129 
 
 
8. CREDIT RISK 
 
a) Credit risk structure 
 
Credit risk is defined as the probability that a given counterparty will not be able to repay the resources delivered by the creditor institution under the 
originally agreed conditions, resulting in the loss of part or all the amount loaned or agreed interest. This breach may be due to capacity, disposition, 
transferability, or convertibility. 
 
Likewise, there are sub-risks that arise from contractual conditions with customers, but which were not necessarily generated by a monetary 
disbursement from Bci. In short, credit risk is the sum of payment risk, contingent risk, market and counterparty risk, overnight position risk and 
settlement risk . 
The Bank assumes the entire credit risk while the obligation of the client or counterparty is in force. The risk is extinguished with the full payment of 
principal, interest, and readjustments. 
Credit risk governance 
At Banco BCI, credit risk governance is determined by the interaction of the various areas, as well as by the instances in which the Board of Directors 
and Senior Management participate. The main roles and responsibilities in the field of credit risk governance are as follows: 
Executive Committee of the Board of Directors: The Board of Directors, through this body, is responsible for approving general risk policies; reviewing 
and approving credit operations submitted to its resolution; approving credit and risk policy manuals; determine the resources that will be allocated 
periodically to provisions and penalties. 
Finance and Corporate Risk Committee: Committee in which the directors participate and whose objective is to monitor and control the credit risk 
profile and periodically monitor the evolution of adherence to risk tolerance, analyze the proposed measures when they reach critical levels and 
requests that the pertinent measures be adopted to prevent the limits established for such ratios from being exceeded. 
Credit Risk Management: Reports to the Corporate Risk Management and has the following objectives and responsibilities; execute the origination 
process under the tolerance framework and risk policies, collaborate with commercial teams in business configuration, monitoring of debtors, raising 
early warnings (visits, financial information, behavior, etc.) and execution of strategies defined. 
Credit resolution instances: The Bank has structured its credit approval process based on personal and non-delegable credit powers granted by the 
Board of Directors. Based on these credit faculties, the operations are approved at the different levels of the Administration, always requiring the 
concurrence of two executives with faculties. 
As the amount of the operation increases, it is approved by pairs of senior executives from both the commercial and risk areas and senior management 
committees, up to the highest instance that corresponds to the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors. 
Below you can see a matrix scheme of the main functions of credit risk: 
 
The credit risk environment is a continuous process in which various areas interact, whose functions are intertwined for the development of a 
governance and management chain. 
Main equipment and its functions 
 
Commercial teams / Risk Strategy: they evaluate and establish the initial credit configuration of the customers in accordance with the current policy 
framework. They are also responsible for collecting and validating information for credit evaluation and entry into the systems; resolve or recommend 
credit operations within the framework of its powers and the level of risk; verify course documentation and approval conditions; give permanent 
follow-up and ensure the adequate qualification of its portfolio. 
 
Origination Risk: responsible for the execution and permanent optimization of the origination process, under the framework of tolerance, policies, 
and appetite for risk. This team must resolve or recommend credit operations within the framework of its powers and their risk level; ensure and 
execute an adequate integration to the monitoring and collection process; participate in the Strategic Risk, Tolerance, and Model Risk Councils and 
Credit Committees. 
 
Policies: responsible for the administration, drafting, renewal and adherence control of the Bank's policies. Credit policies are presented and 
authorized annually by the board of directors. 
 
Monitoring: responsible for monitoring the portfolio and its debtors, as well as adherence to risk strategies. 
 
F-389

--- Page 692 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 130 
 
Rating: its function is to properly interpret the rating regulations for individual portfolio customers and ensure their correct application in the Bank. 
Likewise, the team must ensure the correct constitution of provisions for the individual portfolio. 
 
Prosecutor's Office: it is responsible for informing companies and powers of attorney of customers, legal entities, to act. You must generate 
documentation that allows the legal support of the operation courses (promissory notes, credit applications, etc.); report guarantees and prepare the 
necessary documentation and the correct constitution when appropriate. 
 
Collection: its function is to monitor and execute collection processes for customers with high delinquency. 
 
Model Factory: responsible for developing risk models to leverage comprehensive credit process decisions (origination, monitoring, and collection) 
and in all customer segments (Individuals, SMEs, and Wholesale & Investment Banking). Likewise, it must generate models for the management of 
non-financial risks, among which the prevention of asset laundering and operational risk management stand out. Likewise, the area is responsible for 
managing risk data. 
 
Comprehensive model risk management: unit that carries out independent controls and tests to ensure that the models built for credit risk 
management meet the desired standards and the purpose for which they were designed. Likewise, it has the role of certifying the models associated 
with provisions for credit loss. 
 
Operations (ACA): responsible for ensuring that operations are processed in accordance with the criteria approved by the credit solver, validating, 
among other things, the validity, the margins, and the conditions. 
 
Exploitation of policies: area responsible for the margin loading processes and owner of the limit control systems. 
 
b) Credit risk measurement methodologies 
 
In accordance with the provisions of Chapter B1 of the Compendium of Accounting Standards for Banks, banks must permanently evaluate their 
portfolio of loans and contingent loans, to timely establish the necessary and sufficient provisions to cover the expected losses associated with the 
characteristics of debtors and their credits, which determine payment behavior and subsequent recovery. 
 
The Bank has a series of models that are applied depending on the type of portfolio and operations. These models are approved by the Board of 
Directors, who is informed annually of the sufficiency of provisions. In accordance with the standard, the provision models are divided into individual 
portfolio or group portfolio models. These models, as well as other management models, are managed through a mature governance structure, whose 
components are: 
 
● Policies and Regulations: clearly establish the roles and responsibilities of each unit involved in this process. The guiding principles are control 
by opposition and the fact that management is based on three lines of defense. These policies and regulations also establish the approval 
routes of the models according to their inherent risk. 
 
● Collegiate Structures: The different councils that officiate as approval instances, as well as where corrective and alignment measures are taken 
to guarantee the correct management of the risk implicit in the use of models are: The Technical Council of Models, the Council of Risk of 
Models, the Management Committee, and the Executive Committee (Board of Directors). The instances necessary for approval are determined 
by the Inherent Risk of the model to be approved. 
 
● Units participating in Model Management are divided into three lines of defense: 
 
○ 
First Line: This line includes the teams that develop analytical solutions, monitor the implemented models, deploy said solutions (IT) 
in the Bank's systems, and the business units that use said results and integrate them into management. Its objective is to ensure the 
transparency and sustainability of the model throughout its life cycle. 
○ 
Second Line: in this line is the Validation Unit, which with independent tests (proportional to the inherent risk of the model) ensures 
that the model was estimated without flaws and that it has an adequate methodological approach. It is concerned with carrying out 
tests to ensure the correct functioning of the model once it is productive, as well as compliance with the internal regulatory 
framework. Its goal is to challenge designed solutions. 
○ 
Third Line: this function is performed by the Comptroller, it is responsible for ensuring that both the first and second lines adhere to 
the declared management framework, as well as the directions of the Regulator and internal policy. 
 
c) Credit risk appetite 
 
The risk appetite framework establishes the limits within which Management must execute the strategy and conduct the Corporation's business, 
optimizing the risk-return relationship. Through this, the aim is to understand the risks to which the Bank and its subsidiaries are exposed to manage 
them proactively. 
 
The conceptual framework of the risk appetite is defined based on the following elements: (1) Corporate risk tolerance statement, (2) Governance 
and monitoring of risk tolerance ratios and (3) Incorporation of the risk appetite in the key processes. 
 
Having a risk appetite framework makes it possible to ensure prudent and efficient risk taking and helps to conduct the strategy, through regular and 
systematic analysis of the evolution of material risks and timely communication of the risk profile to the High Administration and Directory. 
 
Different areas and committees of the Bank and its subsidiaries participated in the survey of risks and in the definition of the guiding principles and 
the dimensions and metrics for their control. 
 
The review of the appetite framework is a process that takes place annually, in accordance with the best practices and main risks present in the Bank 
and the financial system. Through this process, areas and dimensions of risk are identified, as well as emerging risks (based on the risk identification 
and assessment process). 
Additionally, there is a monthly follow-up and monitoring process of risk appetite ratios, where the following activities are distinguished: 
● 
Monitoring, review, and consolidation of risk tolerance reports of the Bank and subsidiaries. 
● 
Review and monitoring of action plans associated with ratios at risk. 
F-390

--- Page 693 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 131 
 
● 
Sending of results report to risk owners. 
● 
Monthly monitoring report of risk appetite ratios to the Risk Appetite Council and the corresponding executive-level committees (Profitability 
and Capital Adequacy Committee, Operational Risk Committee, Assets and Liabilities Committee, among others) 
● 
Submission of monthly appetite report to the Management Committee (CDD) and Directors. 
● 
Presentation of the status of corporate risk appetite and the status of current plans in the Finance and Risk Committee. 
 
Figure N° 1: Monthly follow-up scheme and monitoring of risk tolerance ratios 
 
The material risks managed under the appetite framework are as follows: Credit, market and counterparty, liquidity, operational, compliance, 
strategic, capital adequacy, reputational, models and ESG risk. 
In the case of credit risk, they correspond to the economic losses assumed by the Bank and its subsidiaries as a result of non-compliance with the 
contractual obligations assumed by the counterparties. It is the most relevant risk for the Bank and its subsidiaries, its full and detailed understanding 
is essential for proper performance. 
Compliance with the credit limit for related debtors according to Art.84 No. 2 of the General Law of Banks and RAN 12-4 
In accordance with article 84 of the General Bank Law, the relationship of related debtors that affects both natural and legal persons with the Bank 
occurs when: 
a) Has a direct, indirect or through third party participation in the property of the institution greater than or equal to 5% of the capital. 
b) Participates in the management of the entity: corresponding to those people who, without necessarily having an ownership interest, exercise 
some degree of control over the decisions of the entity or any of its subsidiaries. Directors, the general manager, the assistant general 
manager, managers and assistant managers, agents, and persons who are general attorneys-in-fact or serve as advisers to the board of 
directors, a committee of directors, or management, such as also the prosecutor, the chief lawyer, and the comptroller. 
 
The global limit for all loans granted to groups of people related to the Bank by ownership or management as of December 31, 2022, is 6.06%. 
 
Indicator Name  
Regulatory 
Limit 
Dic-22  
% On 
Equity  
Dic-22 
MCh$ 
Total exposure related by management or ownership 
100% 
6.49% 
377,756 
Maximum group exposure related to management or ownership (Not Collateralized) 
5% 
2.17% 
135,113 
 
e) Collateral Guarantees and other credit enhancements obtained 
 
The maximum exposure to credit risk is reduced by guarantees, credit enhancements and other actions that mitigate the Bank's exposure. Therefore, 
the constitution of guarantees in favor of the Bank is a necessary mechanism, but not sufficient for the granting of a loan; therefore, the acceptance 
of the risk by the Bank will require the verification of other variables such as the payment capacity or generation of resources to mitigate the risk 
incurred. 
 
The Bank has robust procedures for the management and valuation of its collateral guarantees, for which it has internal regulations, approved by the 
Corporate Risk Management. 
 
The BCI appraisal process is described below: 
 
The appraisal value corresponds to the value assigned to the asset to receive it as collateral, at the time the appraisal is requested, at a current market 
value, added to the risks of possible price fluctuations and difficulties in disposing of the asset in the event of having to be liquidated, due to default 
by the debtor. 
 
Therefore, the value obtained by the appraiser is given by taking into account the different records compiled for its evaluation, taking into account 
the real transaction values, "offer value according to the market", as well as complementary records of leases or manufacturing of goods. similar 
characteristics and conditions, existing in the market at the time of appraisal, excluding considerations based on mere expectations regarding the 
improvement of future conditions. 
 
Appraisal Methodology 
 
The Bank uses various methodologies to determine the value of the appraisal, such as the comparative method or market value, depending on the 
type of asset to be appraised. 
 
Regardless of the valuation method used, the so-called "settlement value" will be generated, which will consider adjustments to the value of the 
collateral asset to incorporate in it some of the following aspects, which could affect its value in the future: 
 
● Expected depreciation or obsolescence 
● Price Fluctuation Risk 
● Execution expenses and marketing costs 
● Economic, social, health or war crisis. 
 
 
 
F-391

--- Page 694 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 132 
 
Types of guarantees 
 
The guarantees can be grouped between real guarantees and personal guarantees, within the first ones are: 
 
● Property 
 
They are things that cannot be transported from one place to another, such as land, for example, things or objects that adhere permanently, to which 
they cannot be transported, such as solid material buildings, bridges, sewers, are also considered real estate. , wells, tunnels, aqueducts, etc. 
 
● Movable property 
 
Under this denomination, transferable assets such as machinery, vehicles or any other asset of the company that does not comply with being real 
estate are understood. 
 
● financial guarantees 
 
They correspond to representative documents of value such as term deposits, pledges on mutual funds, stand-by credit letter or other financial 
instruments whose issuers are recognized by the CMF. 
 
The so-called personal guarantees include guarantees and solidarity bonds granted by natural or legal persons to support credit operations of third 
parties. 
 
 
 
F-392

--- Page 695 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 133 
 
 
NOTE 48 – INFORMATION ON REGULATORY CAPITAL AND CAPITAL ADEQUACY RATIOS 
 
a) Regulatory capital strategy and objectives 
 
The management of the Bank's regulatory capital seeks to ensure: (i) a level of capital adequacy in the short, medium, and long term, (ii) a profitability 
commensurate with the risks assumed by the business units, (iii) compliance with strategic financial objectives and (iv) compliance with internal limits 
and the regulatory framework. 
 
To this end, the main ratios and metrics associated with capital management are periodically generated, analyzed, and reported to the relevant 
governing bodies (Profitability and Capital Adequacy Council, Executive Committee and Board of Directors) and the necessary action plans are drawn 
up. 
 
BCI defines its capital management objectives considering the level of effective equity that the entity considers necessary to maintain both now and, 
in the future, formally contemplated in its capital planning process and that is consistent with the risks inherent to its activity. to the economic 
environment in which it operates, its governance, risk management and control systems, its strategic business plan, the quality of the available assets 
and the real possibilities of obtaining greater own resources. 
 
As of December 2022, according to the transitional provisions applicable to the systemic charge (and without applying them to the conservation 
buffer), the minimum regulatory capital requirement is 10.88%. 
 
Banco Bci's minimum capital requirements as of December 22 under Basel III guidelines: 
 
 
Capital CET1 
Capital T1 
Capital T2 
Total Regulatory Capital 
Pillar I 
4.50 
1.50 
2.00 
8.00 
Pillar II 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Systemic charge (1) 
0.38 
0.00 
0.00 
0.38 
Conservation buffer (2) 
2.50 
0.00 
0.00 
2.50 
Countercyclical buffer 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Total 
7.38 
1.50 
2.00 
10.88 
 
 
(1) Systemic charge: considers the gradual incorporation (25% as of December 22) of the total charge of 1.50% of core capital with respect to total 
risk-weighted assets, as established in the transitory provisions defined in chapter 21-11 of the RAN. 
 
(2) Transitional provisions for the conservation buffer are not considered, considering that they do not apply to compliance with the conditions 
required in chapter 1-13 of the RAN to maintain an A solvency rating. 
 
b) Policies and processes for capital management 
 
To achieve the objectives, regulatory capital management will be articulated based on the following essential elements, in line with chapter 21-13 of 
the RAN on the evaluation of the sufficiency of effective equity of banks: 
 
Identification and evaluation of risks: Senior Management must perform the corporate risk identification and evaluation process to assess the 
material risks to which the Bank and its subsidiaries are exposed. 
 
Tolerance framework: There must be a tolerance framework that ensures the conduct of business within the established and approved risk ranges. 
The most relevant risks must have limits and regular monitoring by Senior Management. 
 
Determination of an internal capital objective: The Bank must establish an internal capital objective higher than the minimum requirements 
established in article 66 of the LGB, which will be approved by the Board of Directors. 
 
Stress tests: There must be a corporate stress testing program that identifies possible vulnerabilities and allows analysis of the ability to generate 
results and the adequacy of capital under severe, low probability but plausible scenarios. Additionally, the bank must have capital recovery plans that 
allow it to meet the target solvency levels. 
 
Corporate strategic planning and monitoring process: The strategic planning process must be developed continuously considering a reflection and 
adaptation of the strategy, the prioritization of resource allocation, the definition of financial planning with a prospective vision, the setting of goals 
and the monitoring of strategic objectives. 
 
Monitoring and follow-up: Adequate monitoring and follow-up systems must be established for risk assessment that allow effective supervision of 
compliance with business plans and determine how the incidence of changes in the risk profile could translate into capital requirements. additional. 
 
Internal control: The internal control structure is a fundamental part of the capital evaluation process. Effective control over the capital evaluation 
process must incorporate an independent review, and when required, the involvement of internal auditors and/or an external audit firm. 
 
c) External capital requirement 
 
Bci manages the capital considering the definition of articles 66, 55 and 55bis of the LGB and chapter 21-1 of the RAN on equity for legal and regulatory 
purposes and is made up of basic capital (common equity tier 1 capital or CET1) , additional tier 1 capital (AT1) and tier 2 capital (T2). 
 
The CET1 corresponds to subscribed and paid shares plus the other items that are part of the accounting equity of the banks, with a floor of 4.5% of 
the RWA. 
 
AT1 is defined in chapter 21-2 of the RAN and corresponds to preferred shares and bonds without a fixed maturity date, subordinated to T2 and 
subject to capitalization, depreciation and re-appreciation or expiration, depending on the issuance conditions. The LGB imposes a floor of 6% of the 
RWAs for Tier 1 capital (CET1+AT1). 
 
 
 
 
F-393

--- Page 696 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 134 
 
 
T2 is made up of fixed-term bonds, subordinated to other obligations, for up to 50% of CET1, plus voluntary provisions (whatever exceeds the specific 
ones) for up to 1.25% of APRC, net of required provisions, when the banks use standardized methodologies to calculate the denominator, or 0.625%, 
in the case of using their own methodologies. 
The regulatory minimum effective equity is not the same for all banks in the system, but rather depends on their systemic importance (systemic 
charge) and their strategic objectives (pillar 2). 
 
On top of this specific minimum for each bank, basic capital buffers are added to deal with stress situations: the conservation buffer and the 
countercyclical buffer. The regulatory limits established in the LGB will be measured at the global consolidated level and at the local consolidated 
level. 
 
As of December 31, 2022, total assets, risk-weighted assets, and components of effective equity are as follows: 
 
No. 
Item Description 
Global 
Consolidated 
Global 
Consolidated 
Local  
Consolidated 
Local 
Consolidated 
12-31-2022 
12-31-2021 
12-31-2022 
12-31-2021 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
MCh$ 
1 
Total assets according to the statement of financial position 
 78,049,118  
69,158,636 
 58,277,063  
52,448,910 
2 
Investment in subsidiaries that are not consolidated 
 -  
                                -  
 1,761,674  
1,881,577 
3 
Assets discounted from regulatory capital, other than item 2 
 155,234  
176,582 
 19,607  
40,132 
4.a 
Financial derivatives 
 8,559,504  
6,781,525 
 8,485,450  
6,731,019 
4.b 
Credit Equivalents 
 2,263,520  
1,558,625 
 2,151,182  
1,531,140 
5 
contingent loans 
 4,949,466  
4,123,157 
 3,914,248  
3,455,537 
6 
Assets generated by the intermediation of financial instruments 
 -  
                                -  
 -  
                                -  
7 
= (1-2-3-4a+4b+5-6) Total assets for regulatory purposes 
 76,547,366  
            67,882,311  
 54,075,762  
          48,782,859  
8.a 
Assets weighted by credit risk, estimated according to the standard methodology (APRC) 
 41,060,729  
36,365,384 
 28,234,753  
26,083,475 
8.b 
Assets weighted by credit risk, estimated according to internal methodologies (APRC) 
 -  
                                -  
 -  
                                -  
9 
Assets weighted by market risk (APRM) 
 3,782,050  
3,998,066 
 3,449,848  
2,812,074 
10 
Assets weighted by operational risk (APRO) 
 3,749,857  
2,926,335 
 3,102,351  
2,427,111 
11th 
= (8.a/ 8.b +9+10) Risk-Weighted Assets (APR) 
 48,592,636  
             43,289,785  
 34,786,952  
             31,322,660  
11.b 
= (8.a/ 8.b +9+10) Risk-weighted assets, after applying the output floor (APR) 
 48,592,636  
          43,289,785  
 34,786,952  
            31,322,660  
12 
owners' assets 
 4,775,478  
4,500,076 
 4,775,478  
4,500,076 
13 
Non-controlling interest 
 1,323  
1,400 
 2  
2 
14 
Goodwill 
 155,234  
176,582 
 19,607  
40,132 
15 
Excess minority investments 
 -  
                                -  
 -  
                                -  
16 
= (12+13-14-15) Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (CET1) 
 4,621,567  
            4,324,894  
 4,755,873  
            4,459,946  
17 
Additional deductions to ordinary capital level 1, other than item 2 
 56,123  
                                -  
 43,003  
                                -  
18 
= (16-17-2) Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
 4,565,444  
            4,324,894  
 2,951,196  
            2,578,369  
19 
Voluntary provisions (additional) imputed as additional capital level 1 (AT1) 
 -  
99,552 
 -  
68,325 
20 
Subordinated bonds imputed as additional capital level 1 (AT1) 
 242,963  
333,346 
 173,935  
244,901 
21 
Preferred shares allocated to additional tier 1 capital (AT1) 
 -  
                                -  
 -  
                                -  
22 
Bonds without a fixed term of maturity imputed to additional capital level 1 (AT1) 
 -  
                                -  
 -  
                                -  
23 
Discounts applied to AT1 
 -  
                                -  
 -  
                                -  
24 
= (19+20+21+22-23) Additional tier 1 capital (AT1) 
 242,963  
                432,898  
 173,935  
313,226 
25 
= (18+24) Capital level 1 
 4,808,407  
             4,757,792 
 3,125,131  
             2,891,595  
26 
Voluntary provisions (additional) imputed as Tier 2 capital (T2) 
 415,022  
250,591 
 352,934  
258,775 
27 
Subordinated bonds imputed as Tier 2 capital (T2) 
 1,071,278  
839,096 
 1,140,306  
927,540 
28 
Equivalent tier 2 capital (T2) 
 1,486,300  
             1,089,687  
 1,493,240  
               1,186,315  
29 
Discounts applied to T2 
 -  
                                -  
 -  
                                -  
30 
= (28-29) Tier 2 capital (T2) 
 1,486,300  
             1,089,687  
 1,493,240  
               1,186,315  
31 
= (25+30) Effective equity 
 6,294,707  
             5,847,479  
 4,618,371  
        4,077,910 
32 
Additional basic capital required for the constitution of the conservation buffer 
                          -  
- 
                        -  
- 
33 
Additional basic capital required to set up the countercyclical buffer 
                          -  
- 
                        -  
- 
34 
Additional basic capital required for banks qualified as systemic 
                          -  
- 
                        -  
- 
35 
Additional capital required for the evaluation of the adequacy of effective equity (Pillar 2) 
                          -  
- 
                        -  
- 
No. 
Item Description 
Global 
Consolidated 
Global 
Consolidated 
Local Consolidated 
(f) 
Local Consolidated (f) 
12-31-2022 
12-31-2021 
12-31-2022 
12-31-2021 
% 
% 
% 
% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 
Leverage Indicator (T1_I18/T1_I7) 
  
  
  
  
1.b 
Leverage indicator that the bank must meet, considering the minimum requirements 
5.96 
6.37 
5.46 
5.29 
2 
Basic capital indicator (T1_I18/T1_I11.b) 
  
  
  
  
2.a 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital indicator that the bank must meet 
9.40 
9.99 
8.48 
8.23 
2.b 
Capital buffer shortfall 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
3 
Tier 1 capital indicator (T1_I25/T1_I11.b) 
  
  
  
  
3.a 
Level 1 capital indicator that the bank must meet, considering the minimum requirements 
9.90 
10.99 
8.98 
9.23 
4 
Effective equity indicator (T1_I31/T1_I11.b) 
  
  
  
  
4.1 
Effective equity indicator that the bank must meet, considering the minimum requirements 
12.95 
13.51 
13.28 
13.02 
4.b 
Effective equity indicator that the bank must comply with, considering the charges for article 35 bis, if applicable 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
4.c 
Effective equity indicator that the bank must meet, considering the minimum requirements, the conservation 
buffer, and the cyclical buffer 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
5 
Solvency rating (Level A, B or C) 
A 
A 
A 
A 
Regulatory compliance indicators for solvency 
6 
Voluntary provisions (additional) imputed in Tier 2 capital (T2) in relation to APRC (T1_I26 /(T1_I8.a or 8.b )) 
1.01 
0.69 
1.25 
0.99 
7 
Subordinated bonds imputed in capital level 2 (T2) in relation to basic capital 
23.46 
19.40 
38.64 
35.97 
8 
Tier 1 additional capital (AT1) in relation to basic capital (T1_I24/T1_I18) 
5.32 
10.01 
5.89 
12.15 
9 
Voluntary provisions (additional) and subordinated bonds that are charged to additional tier 1 capital (AT1) in 
relation to RWAs ((T1_I19+T1_I 20)/ T1_I11.b) 
0.50 
1.00 
0.50 
1.00 
 
 
 
F-394

--- Page 697 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 135 
 
 
NOTE 49 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
 
At the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of January 31, 2023, the shareholders of Banco BCI Perú agreed to make a capital increase of which the 
Bank contributed MCh$4,865. On February 16, 2023, a new capital increase was agreed upon, of which the Bank contributed MCh$9,526. The Bank 
continues to hold interest of 99.99%.  
 
At the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of February 17, 2023, the shareholders of Servicios Financieros y Administración de Créditos Comerciales 
agreed to a make capital increase of which the Bank has contributed MCh$53,991. 
 
Between January 1, 2023, and the date of issuance of these Consolidated Financial Statements, there have been no other subsequent events that may 
affect the presentation of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Alfredo Mendoza Osorio  
 
 
 
Eugenio Von Chrismar Carvajal 
Chief Accounting Officer  
 
 
 
    Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
F-395

--- Page 698 ---
BANCO DE CRÉDITO E INVERSIONES AND SUBSIDIARIES 
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and January 1, 2021 
 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements December 2022 / 136 
 
 
 
F-396

--- Page 699 ---
Issuer 
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones 
Av. El Golf 0125 
Las Condes, Santiago 
Chile 
Banco de Credito e Inversiones, Miami Branch 
1450 Brickell Ave Suite 2800 
Miami, FL 33131 
United States 
Arrangers 
BofA Securities, Inc. 
One Bryant Park 
New York, NY 10036  
United States  
Standard Chartered Bank 
1 Basinghall Avenue 
London, EC2V 5DD  
United Kingdom  
Dealers 
BofA Securities, Inc. 
One Bryant Park 
New York, NY 10036  
United States 
Standard Chartered Bank 
1 Basinghall Avenue 
London, EC2V 5DD 
United Kingdom 
BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 
787 Seventh Avenue 
New York, NY 10019 
United States  
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York, NY 10013 
United States 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Daiwa Capital Markets America Inc. 
Financial Square, 32 Old Slip 
New York, NY 10005 
United States  
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
200 West Street 
New York, NY 10282 
United States 
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 
66 Hudson Boulevard 
New York, NY 10001 
United States 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 
383 Madison Avenue 
New York, NY 10179 
United States  
Mizuho Securities USA LLC 
320 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
 
MUFG Securities Americas Inc. 
1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th floor 
New York, NY 10019 
United States 
 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Transfer Agent, Registrar, Exchange Agent and Calculation Agent  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer as to New York law 
To the Dealers as to New York law 
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP 
425 Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
United States 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
One Liberty Plaza 
New York, NY 10006 
United States

--- Page 700 ---
To the Issuer as to Chilean law 
To the Dealers as to Chilean law 
Dentons Servicios Legales Limitada 
Av. Apoquindo 3885, Piso 18, Las Condes, Santiago 
Chile 
Carey y Cía. Ltda. 
Isidora Goyenechea 2800, Piso 43, Las Condes, Santiago 
Chile