--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 16 January 2023 
 
 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
€50,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
Under this €50,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the “Programme”), Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. (the “Issuer” or “BMPS” or 
“Bank”) may from time to time issue notes governed by Italian law (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €50,000,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein), subject to increase as described herein.  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General description of the Programme” and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment 
may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and the Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for 
securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières et portant mise en oeuvre du règlement (UE) 
2017/1129) (the “Luxembourg Prospectus Law”). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
By approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage in respect of the economic or financial 
opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU), as amended (“MiFID II”).  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date of approval in relation to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and/or offered to the public in 
the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The 
validity of this Base Prospectus ends upon expiration on 16 January 2024. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 
3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
published under the Prospectus Regulation and the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”). The CSSF 
has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes and with the Form of Pricing 
Supplement. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information 
which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, 
as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation 
to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the 
issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the 
“Pricing Supplement”). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any 
market. 
In certain circumstances, payments of interest relating to the Notes are subject to a deduction by way of “imposta sostitutiva” or withholding tax 
as more fully set out in Condition 6 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and in “Taxation”. 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement (as the case may be). Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) will 
be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement (as the case may be). Such credit rating agency will be included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Please also refer to “Credit ratings assigned to BMPS or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in those Notes” in 
the “Risk Factors” section of this Base Prospectus.  
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes and/or the Reset Notes may be calculated by reference to the euro interbank offered rate 
(“EURIBOR”), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the register of administrators maintained by the ESMA under 
Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”).  
 
ARRANGER 
NatWest Markets 
DEALERS 
Barclays 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Morgan Stanley 
MPS Capital Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A. 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
Responsibility Statement 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus, any supplement 
thereto and the Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement (as the case may be) for each Tranche of Notes 
issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care 
to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Third party information 
No third party information is included in this Base Prospectus, except for the rating information set out in 
paragraph 4 “Ratings” of the section “Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.” of this Base Prospectus. The 
Issuer declares that such information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and 
is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would 
render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The sources of such information are the following 
rating agencies: Moody’s France S.A.S. (“Moody’s”), Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and DBRS 
Ratings GmbH (“DBRS”). 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the issuance of Notes under the Programme by 
BMPS. This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in 
this Base Prospectus, “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended and “UK 
Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (“EUWA”).  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see “Documents incorporated by reference” below). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents incorporated by reference and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
incorporated by reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Save for the Issuer, no party has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted 
by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer 
accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the Sustainability Bond 
Framework (if adopted) or the Green Projects, Social Projects and Sustainability Projects, any 
verification of whether the Green Projects, Social Projects and Sustainability Projects meet the criteria 
set out in the Sustainability Bond Framework (each of such terms as defined in the “Use of proceeds” 
section) (if adopted) or the monitoring of the use of proceeds.  
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or the 
Group. “Group” means BMPS and its Subsidiaries (as defined in the Agency Agreement). Neither this 
Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any 
of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The 
Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their attention. 
Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) – Unless otherwise 
stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), 
all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF 
NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume 
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken 
by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of 
this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that 
will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions 
on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, 
the EEA (including, for these purposes, the Republic of Italy (“Italy”)), Japan, and the UK, see section 
“Subscription and sale” below. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law 
is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
(the “Securities Act”) and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. 
persons (see section “Subscription and sale” below). 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
All references in this document to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$” and “$” refer to the currency of the United 
States of America and references to “euro”, “€” and “Euro” refer to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union, as amended. 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus has been prepared 
in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
(“IFRS”). 
Unless otherwise indicated, any reference in this Base Prospectus to “Consolidated Financial Statements” 
is to the consolidated financial statements of the Group as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020 audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. as independent accountant, and 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The Consolidated Financial Statements are denominated in Euro.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
 
Stabilisation ........................................................................................................................................................ 8 
General description of the Programme ........................................................................................................... 9 
Risk Factors ..................................................................................................................................................... 16 
Documents incorporated by reference ........................................................................................................... 76 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................ 79 
Form of Final Terms ....................................................................................................................................... 81 
Applicable Pricing Supplement ...................................................................................................................... 97 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .............................................................................................................. 112 
Use of proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 151 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. ...................................................................................................... 152 
Regulatory aspects ......................................................................................................................................... 201 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 220 
Subscription and sale .................................................................................................................................... 229 
General information ...................................................................................................................................... 235

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as the case may be) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with 
a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules.

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
General description of the Programme 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the Form of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). The 
Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated 
in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes and, if 
appropriate, a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
This section constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Form of the Notes” and in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
below shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Issuer Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. (the “Issuer” or “BMPS”) 
J4CP7MHCXR8DAQMKIL78 
Description: 
Debt Issuance Programme 
Arranger: 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
 
MPS Capital Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A. 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
 
UBS Europe SE  
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme Agreement (as 
defined under section “Subscription and sale” below). 
Certain 
Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see section “Subscription 
and sale” below), including the following restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
Issuing and 
Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Programme Size: 
Up to €50,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described 
in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase 
the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement.  
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each case 
on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, directives and/or 
requirements applicable from time to time to the issue of Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes must have a minimum maturity of not less than 
twelve months. 
Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, directives and/or 
requirements applicable from time to time to the issue of Subordinated Notes, 
Subordinated Notes must have a minimum maturity of 5 years. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt Notes, a partly-paid 
basis and at an issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
The Issue Price will be inserted in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of the Notes”. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on redemption, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the initial fixed rate 
of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement). Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or 
more date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement) by reference to a mid-market swap rate, as adjusted for 
any applicable margin, in each case, as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating either (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series and as supplemented by the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
Benchmarks Annex to the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement, as published by 
ISDA on 19 September 2018, or (ii) the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (as available on ISDA Library as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement); or  
 
(ii) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the Form of Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior 
to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest 
Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon 
Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount 
and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Partly Paid Notes or Notes 
redeemable in one or more instalments.   
 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the issue price 
is paid in separate instalments in such amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue Notes which may be 
redeemed in separate instalments in such amounts and on such dates as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be issued in a form 
not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event the 
relevant provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The Form of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) will indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior 
to their stated maturity (other than in the case of Exempt Notes in specified 
instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) 
or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer (as described in 
Condition 5(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) and Condition 
5(f) (Clean-up redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and/or (in the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
only) at the option of the Issuer due to a MREL Disqualification Event, as described 
in Condition 5(e) (Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and/or (in case of Subordinated Notes only) at the 
option of the Issuer for regulatory reasons, as described in Condition 5(d) 
(Redemption for Regulatory Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
 
The terms of any such redemption, including notice periods, any relevant 
conditions to be satisfied and the relevant redemption dates and prices will be 
indicated in the Form of Final Terms. Other than following an Event of Default, 
any redemption of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated 
Notes prior to their stated maturity in accordance with the Conditions (including 
early redemption for taxation reasons or early redemption for regulatory reasons) 
will be subject to the provisions of Condition 5(j) (Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) and 5(i) (Conditions to 
Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes.  
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to restrictions on their 
denomination and distribution, see “Certain Restrictions”. 
Denomination of 
Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the Form of 
Final Terms (“Specified Denomination”) save that (i) the minimum Specified 
Denomination of each Note which is specified in the Form of Final Terms as being 
a Senior Note shall be Euro 100,000 or, where it is a Note to be admitted to trading 
only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access, 
€1,000 (or, in each case, its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue 
of the relevant Notes), (ii) the minimum Specified Denomination of each Note 
which is specified in the Form of Final Terms as being a Non-Preferred Senior Note 
shall be Euro 150,000 or, where it is a Note to be admitted to trading only on a 
regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access, €1,000 
(or, in each case, its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the 
relevant Notes), and (iii) the minimum Specified Denomination of each Note which 
is specified in the Form of Final Terms as being a Subordinated Note shall be Euro 
200,000 or, where it is a Note to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, 
or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access, €1,000 (or, in each case, its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction for or on 
account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax Jurisdiction, subject as provided 
in Condition 6 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In the event 
that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 6 (Taxation), be required to pay additional 
amounts, in respect of interest only to cover the amounts so deducted. 
 
As more fully set out in Condition 6 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, BMPS in its capacity as Issuer shall not be liable in certain circumstances 
to pay any additional amounts to holders of the Notes with respect to any Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons for or on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (as amended or supplemented) and 
related regulations of implementation which have been or may subsequently be 
enacted (“Legislative Decree 239”).

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank (subject to any obligations 
preferred by any applicable law) pari passu with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than obligations ranking junior to the Senior Notes from time to time 
(including Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any further obligations permitted by 
law to rank, and expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Notes, on or following the 
Issue Date), if any) of the Issuer, present and future and pari passu and rateably 
without any preference among themselves, as described in Condition 2(a) (Status 
of the Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes (notes intended to qualify as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the 
Italian Consolidated Banking Act) will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated, and unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking 
junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank in their terms, senior to the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, including claims arising from the excluded liabilities 
within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the Regulation No. 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended from time to 
time (the “CRR”), pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with 
all other present or future obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not 
expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes and in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of 
shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Italian Consolidated Banking Act, as described in Condition 2(b) (Status of the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Subject as set out below, the Subordinated Notes (being notes intended to qualify 
as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 
1 of the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza Prudenziale per le Banche, as set 
out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time (the “Bank of Italy Regulations”), including any 
successor regulations, and Article 63 of the CRR) constitute direct, unconditional, 
subordinated unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, (subject to Condition 2(c) 
(Status of the Subordinated Notes) rank (a) after all unsubordinated, unsecured 
creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) of the Issuer and after all creditors of the Issuer holding instruments 
that are or are expressed by their terms to be less subordinated than the relevant 
Subordinated Notes; (b) at least pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and with all other present and future subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer that are not expressed by their terms to rank or which do not rank junior or 
senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes, save for those preferred by mandatory 
and/or overriding provisions of law; and (c) in priority to the claims of shareholders 
of the Issuer and to all other present and future subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer which rank or are expressed by their terms to rank junior to the relevant 
Subordinated Notes. In the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series do not 
qualify or cease to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the form of Tier 2 
capital, such Subordinated Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons shall rank 
subordinated and junior to unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the 
Issuer, pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer’s obligations in respect of 
any other subordinated instruments which do not qualify or have ceased to qualify, 
in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other 
present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are 
not expressed by their terms and/or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of 
law to rank junior or senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes (which do not 
qualify or have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the form of 
Tier 2 capital) and senior to instruments which qualify (in whole or in part) as own 
fund items (elementi di fondi propri). 
Variation: 
With respect to (i) any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if at 
any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs, and if Variation is specified as 
being applicable in the Form of Final Terms, or (ii) all Notes, if Variation is 
specified as being applicable in the Form of Final Terms, in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption 
Powers) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to 
giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, 
the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority 
(without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the relevant 
Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice to the Agent and the holders of the Notes of that Series (or such other notice 
periods as may be specified in the Form of Final Terms, at any time vary the terms 
of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior 
Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, 
as applicable, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of 
the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Approval, listing 
and admission to 
trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base 
prospectus. Application has also been made for Notes (other than Exempt Notes) 
issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange.  
 
The Notes may also be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such 
other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer in relation to each Series. Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The Form of Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, the case of Exempt 
Notes) will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted 
to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating of 
certain Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or in the applicable Pricing Supplement (as the case may 
be). Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of 
Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). Such credit rating 
agency is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on 
its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Please also refer to “Credit ratings

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
assigned to BMPS or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes” in the “Risk Factors” section of this Base Prospectus.  
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
See Condition 15 (Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the United 
States, the EEA (including, for these purposes, Italy), Japan, the UK and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes, see section “Subscription and sale” below.

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
Risk Factors 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that BMPS may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together 
could result in BMPS becoming unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not possible 
to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as BMPS may not be aware 
of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material 
as a result of the occurrence of events outside the control of BMPS. BMPS has identified in this Base 
Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its businesses and ability to make 
payments due under the Notes. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market 
risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Any reference in the Risk Factors to “Form of Final Terms” or “Final Terms” shall be deemed to include 
a reference to “applicable Pricing Supplement” or “Pricing Supplement” where relevant in the case of 
Exempt Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER 
NOTES 
ISSUED 
UNDER 
THE 
PROGRAMME 
 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the 
Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. In addition, 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under 
the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant 
risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to 
anticipate. In addition, the order in which the risk factors are presented below is not intended to be indicative 
either of the relative likelihood that each risk will materialise or of the magnitude of their potential impact 
on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer or the Group. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. Prospective investors should read the entire Base 
Prospectus. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. 
Risks factors relating to the Issuer and the Group; 
2. 
Risk factors related to the operating activity and the industry in which the Issuer and the Group 
operate;  
3. 
Risk factors related to environmental, social and governance factors; and 
4. 
Risk factors related to the legal and regulatory framework of the sector of business in which the 
Issuer and the Group operate. 
1. 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer and the Group  
1.1. 
Risks related to the failure to implement the Business Plan 2022-2026 
On 22 June 2022, the Board of Directors of BMPS, following the review of the strategic plan of 17 December 
2021 which was drafted with the aim of facilitating a capital increase equal to Euro 2.5 billion, approved the 
Business Plan 2022 - 2026 headed “A clear and simple commercial bank” (the “Business Plan 2022-2026”). 
The Business Plan 2022-2026 is centered around the following pillars: 1) achieve business model 
sustainability; 2) build a solid and resilient balance sheet; and 3) tackle the legacy issues. For more 
information with respect to the Business Plan 2022-2026, please see letter o) “BMPS approved the Business 
Plan 2022-2026 headed “A clear and simple commercial bank”” of the subparagraph 3.2 “Recent 
developments” of the section “Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.” of this Base Prospectus. 
In line with the initiatives of the Bank to strengthen capital within the framework of the Business Plan 2022-
2026, the Capital Increase was resolved upon by the extraordinary shareholders' meeting of the Bank held 
on 15 September 2022, and in executing such resolution, the Board of Directors of the Bank determined the 
applicable final terms and conditions. On 14 October 2022, in connection with the share capital increase

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
against payment of up to a maximum overall amount of Euro 2,500,000.000.00, in divisible form, through 
the issuance of a maximum of no. 1,249,665,648 BMPS’ ordinary shares having the same characteristics as 
the outstanding ordinary shares, it has been filed the option offer required under Article 2441 of the Italian 
Civil Code (the “Capital Increase”). 
On 4 November 2022, the Bank announced that the capital increase, concerning no. 1,249,665,648 newly 
issued BMPS ordinary shares, was fully subscribed for the total amount of Euro 2,499,331,296. BMPS's new 
share capital is therefore equal to Euro 7,453,450,788.44, divided into no. 1,259,689,706 ordinary shares 
with no indication of par value.  
Taking account of the successful completion of the Euro 2.5 billion capital increase transaction on 4 
November 2022 as well as the progress of actions contained in the Business Plan 2022-2026, there is a 
reasonable expectation that the Bank will continue to operate as a going concern in the foreseeable future 
and that the significant doubts about the Group's ability to continue as a going concern stated in previous 
reports have been overcome. For the sake of completeness, it should be noted that as at 30 September 2022 
there was a temporary capital shortfall on the Tier 1 aggregate of Euro 380 million with respect to the overall 
capital requirements. This resulted from the allocation in the 3Q22 of costs of over Euro 900 million for staff 
exits, which was subject to the availability of capital under the Business Plan 2022-2026. This availability 
has therefore been ensured with the successful completion of the capital increase. 
Failure to implement the assumptions of the Business Plan 2022-2026 (in addition to those inherent in the 
Capital Increase), in the absence of timely corrective actions not yet timely identified as of the date of the 
Base Prospectus, would jeopardize the prospect of a going concern of the Issuer and the Group.  
On 27 December 2022 BMPS announced that it has received the final decision of the European Central Bank 
(“ECB”) regarding the capital requirements to be respected starting from 1 January 2023 (the “2022 Final 
SREP Decision”). Following the successful outcome of the Capital Increase for Euro 2.5 billion, the ECB 
also removed the ban on the distribution of dividends, replacing it with the obligation for the Bank to obtain 
prior authorization from the authority of supervision. 
In the context of the 2022 Final SREP Decision, the ECB highlighted attention points that could limit BMPS' 
ability to fully achieve the goals of the Business Plan 2022-2026 in the medium term with reference to: (i) 
the persistence of tensions on the BTP-Bund spread and market volatility with potential negative 
repercussions for the cost of funding; (ii) the expected dynamics of commissions which, although considered 
reasonable, depend on the success of planned commercial initiatives and are exposed to competitive pressure; 
(iii) the increase in interest rates and a less favourable gross domestic product ("GDP") scenario that may 
adversely affect the repayment capacity of debtors; (iv) the trend of complaints and lawsuits that are not in 
the full control of BMPS, as well as the ability to prevent the emergence of further litigations. In the 
aforementioned document, the ECB also pointed out that additional cost savings of Euro 40 million from 
2024, due to branch closures, the Group's corporate reorganization, and IT investments in digitalization, 
could be offset by inflationary levels related to the new macroeconomic scenario that may be higher than 
expected and may not be limited to utilities, also reducing the savings from the same investments in 
digitalization. 
In the 2022 Final SREP Decision, the ECB, despite the finalisation of the right issue observed that: (i) 
virtually all available contingency capital management actions, including the long-awaited rights issue, have 
been already deployed, leaving BMPS extremely vulnerable to any adverse development. (ii) a gap would 
remain, at the end of 2024, between the Group's Tier 1 Ratio and that of its peers; in fact, on the basis of the 
Business Plan 2022-2026 the Group Tier 1 ratio would increase to 14.2%1 at the end of 2024, still standing 
about 70 basis points below the average level of significant European banks and about 150 basis points below 
                                                     
1 It should be noted that, based on the final costs of the capital increase, there will be a negative impact on this indicator until 2024 
quantifiable at about 15 basis points

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
the current average of significant Italian banks. The persistence of this gap, in the long run, could be a 
possible obstacle to future merger transactions with an industrial partner. 
In the 2022 Final SREP Decision, in the context of which it should be noted that, as mentioned above, the 
ECB identified some potential critical points in relation to the execution of the Business Plan 2022-2026, 
the ECB confirmed the assessements in the 2021 SREP Decision which indicated risks related to the 
following four areas, with ECB’s assessments of relevance: (1) business model (high risk), (2) internal 
governance and risk management (medium-high risk), (3) capital adequacy (high risk), and (4) liquidity 
adequacy (medium-high risk). 
For more information on the 2022 Final SREP Decision please refer to sub-paragraph “2022 Final SREP 
Decision” of paragraph “SREP Decisions” of “Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.” section of this Base 
Prospectus. 
On 18 February 2022, the Issuer received from the Bank of Italy, as the National Resolution Authority, the 
Single Resolution Board's SRB/EES/2021/177 decision dated 11 February 2022 on the determination of the 
minimum requirement of own funds and eligible liabilities (the "MREL Decision 2021"), which highlighted 
that the Bank was in breach of some of the parameters set forth in the MREL Decision 2021 and, in particular, 
of: 
1. 
the MREL subordination requirement in terms of the leverage ratio exposure measure (“LRE”) 
which is 5.28% (compared to the 6.22% LRE required by the MREL Decision 2021); 
 
2. 
the combined buffer requirement ("CBR"), considered in addition to the MREL requirement 
expressed in terms of the total risk exposure amount (“TREA”) (which is -0.82%); the amount of 
equity and liabilities eligible for MREL purposes on the TREA is 20.88% lower than the minimum 
requirement of 21.70%; 
 
3. 
the CBR, considered in addition to the MREL subordination requirement expressed in terms of 
TREA (equal to -0.65%); the amount of own funds and subordinated instruments for MREL 
purposes on the TREA is 15.60% lower than the minimum requirement of 16.25%. 
The breach of the above requirements was due to the postponement of the execution of the Capital Increase 
to 2022, jointly with the absence of issuance of MREL-eligible instruments during the course of 2021. As a 
result of the aforementioned overrun: 
 
the Issuer was unable to obtain the prior authorisation to operate as a "market maker" on its senior 
bonds, which is required by regulation as of 1 January 2022, pursuant to Article 77 (2) of the (EU) 
Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and European Council of 26 June 2013 concerning 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the "CRR") and, 
therefore, as of that date, the Group suspended such operations; 
 
the Issuer was forbidden by the Single Resolution Board's decision notified on 2 May 2022 from: (i) 
the ability to distribute dividends until the MREL requirements are restored; (ii) the payment of 
coupons on AT1 instruments; (iii) the engagement of obligations to pay variable remuneration or 
discretionary retirement benefits or payment of variable remuneration against commitments made 
when the combined capital buffer requirement was not met (violation of the CBR-MREL), beyond 
the limit of the "M-MDA" (i.e., the maximum amount distributable in relation to the MREL). 
In order to restore the MREL requirements, the Bank completed the Capital Increase, provided that it is still 
necessary to proceed with the issuance of MREL-eligible instruments, in line with the provisions of the 
Business Plan 2022-2026.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
As the Bank has restored its compliance with the CBR on top of intermediate MREL and subordination 
requirements expressed in terms of TREA, via the capital increase operation, the SRB communicated the 
Bank that the Decision regarding the prohibition of the above distributions ceases to apply on the date of 7 
December 2022. 
With the decision dated 25 November 2022, the Bank of Italy identified also for the year 2023, BMPS as an 
other systemically important institutions (O-SIIs) authorized to operate in Italy. Bank of Italy exercised its 
supervisory judgment in identifying BMPS as an O-SII, even if the overall score of BMPS was below the 
threshold established for automatic identification as an O-SII indicated in the EBA guidelines. As a result, 
BMPS will still have to maintain from 1 January 2023 a capital buffer of 0.25 per cent. of its total risk-
weighted exposure. The O-SII capital buffer is coherent with the Business Plan 2022-2026 projections.  
On 17 December 2021, the Issuer's Board of Directors approved a draft version of the strategic plan 2022-
2026. In its Letter of Intervention dated 14 January 2022, the ECB notified the Bank of its considerations 
with respect to the plan approved on 17 December 2021 and, in particular, its expectations with respect to 
whether the plan would ensure that the Group's key earnings indicators (including but not limited to return 
on equity (ROE), return on assets (ROA), and cost/income ratio) would reach or exceed by the end of 2024 
the average values for significant Italian banks on a consolidated basis, as published on the ECB's website. 
Following the approval of the Business Plan 2022-2026, a revision of the Capital Plan was sent to the ECB 
confirming, however, the amount of the underlying Capital Increase. On 2 September 2022, the ECB 
positively acknowledged the requests made by the Bank on 9 August 2022 concerning, among other things, 
the authorization to execute the Capital Increase; as part of this authorization, the ECB also authorized BMPS 
to classify the shares resulting from the Capital Increase as CET1, provided that only the shares for which 
the subscription price has been fully paid are issued and that the Bank does not contribute, directly or 
indirectly, to the subscription of such shares. In the letter approving the Capital Increase and subsequent 
resolutions, the ECB highlighted possible risks to the capital position arising mainly from some potentially 
optimistic macroeconomic assumptions of the Business Plan 2022-2026, such as expected GDP trends, 
expected inflation trends, and expected trends in the BTP-Bund spread, the possible effects of the pending 
ECB Decision related to the Internal Model Investigation on the EBA Repair Program, or acceptance levels 
higher than the originally envisaged voluntary redundancy program equal to approximately No. 3300.  
In the context of and as part of the restructuring plan 2017-2021 (the "Restructuring Plan"), the Republic 
of Italy made certain commitments to the European Commission in order to be able to proceed, in accordance 
with Euro-Union and Italian regulations, with the precautionary recapitalisation of the Bank in 2017; these 
commitments (or "Commitments") were modified in September 2019 when, with respect to the non-
compliance with Commitment #24 ("strengthening of the capital position"), Commitment #9 ("cost reduction 
measures") and Commitment #24 itself ("strengthening of the capital position") were amended. These 
amendments led to, inter alia, the establishment of new, more stringent targets relating to the number of 
target branches which decreased from 1,432 to 1,372 and the number of resources, decreased from 20,065 
to 19,98532. 
As of 31 December 2021, the deadline for formal monitoring of compliance with the commitments, part of 
the Commitments, had points of attention/criticism, including those relating to: 
(i) 
cost reduction measures: the Group did not meet the end-of-plan targets for some performance 
indicators (Net Margin, Cost Income Ratio, ROE) and for the number of employees; 
(ii) 
disposal of shareholdings and businesses: (1) as of the date of the Base Prospectus, the liquidation 
procedure of the French subsidiary MP Banque SA was still ongoing, made necessary after 
                                                     
2 State aid SA55121 (2019/N) - Italy - Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena - amendments to the list of the commitments of the Republic of Italy 
to the European Commission; p. 9. Exposed values related to the hypothetical sale of both foreign banks.

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
unsuccessful attempts for divestment; (2) with respect to the divestment activity of the leasing 
portfolio, the Bank did not reach the target of Euro 2.6 billion envisaged; 
(iii) 
the divestment of real estate assets: the Group did not reach the target of Euro 500 million envisaged, 
having carried out divestments and entered into compromises amounting to approximately 80% of 
what was required in the Commitment; 
(iv) 
the sale of non-core equity investments: the Bank has not completed the sale of the equity investments 
in Banca d'Italia, MPS Tenimenti Poggio Bonelli and Chigi Saracini S.p.A. and Immobiliare Novoli 
S.p.A; 
(v) 
the commitment related to FRESH 2008 (as defined below), as some investors challenged before the 
Luxembourg Court the effectiveness of Legislative Decree No. 237 of 23 December 2016 (“Decree 
237”) with respect to that instrument; 
(vi) 
the reduction of the interest rate on deposits, since as of 31 December 2021 there was still a deviation 
between the rates applied by BMPS on deposits and the rates applied by the rest of the banking system 
(measured through the use of a sample of banks identified by the Italian Banking Association) of 
0.11% (11 basis points), thus highlighting a higher cost of BMPS's deposits; 
(vii) the sale of the Italian State's stake in the Bank. 
In connection with the failure to comply with the aforementioned Commitments, interlocutions were initiated 
between the MEF and the Directorate-General for Competition ("DG COMP") as a result of which, on 3 
October 2022, the European Commission published a revision of the Commitments dated 2 August 2022 - 
ordering that the Issuer shall comply with, among other things: 
- 
quantitative commitments and, in particular, targets for cost/income, total operating costs, number of 
employees, total assets, loans to deposits (loan to deposit ratio), NPL ratio, number of branches, size 
of the leasing portfolio, putting the business of the subsidiary MP Banque SA into liquidation, 
divestment of a portfolio of non-strategic equity investments, and constraints on the distribution of 
dividends; to the Bank's knowledge, the sale of the stake held by the MEF in the Bank must take place 
in a Business Plan 2022-2026 horizon; 
- 
commitments in terms of competitive behaviour and, specifically, objectives in terms of prohibition 
of acquisition of companies, pricing of commercial masses, marketing and promotion activities, and 
level of remuneration of employees. 
The Bank considers that the aforementioned commitments are reflected in the actions underlying the 
Business Plan 2022-2026, and the timing and measures for the execution of the Commitments required by 
the European Commission are consistent with the timing and measures of execution of Business Plan 2022-
2026 actions.  
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Group is exposed to the risk that in the event of non-compliance 
with the Commitments, the European Commission would impose the adoption of compensatory measures 
that would tighten the breached commitments or other commitments already disclosed. In the event of a 
serious breach of the Commitments, the European Commission may, in addition, initiate infringement 
proceedings against the Bank, which could have a significant impact on the Bank's capital position. 
The Business Plan 2022-2026 does not consider business combination assumptions; the forecast data 
reported therein have been defined on the basis of assumptions regarding: (i) the effects of specific actions 
or concerning future events over which the Issuer can only partially exert influence and which may not occur, 
as well as (ii) certain aspects of the external scenario, subject to the risks and uncertainties that characterize 
the current and future macroeconomic and regulatory environment over which the Issuer cannot exert

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
influence and whose occurrence would cause significant negative effects on the Group's economic and 
financial results with respect to the objectives indicated in the Plan. Therefore, it is highlighted that a part of 
the assumptions in the Business Plan 2022-2026 is beyond the control of the Issuer's directors. The Bank is 
exposed to the risk of failing to achieve part of the objectives set forth in the Business Plan 2022-2026.   
In the event that the Group is unable - over the time horizon over which the Business Plan 2022-2026 is 
developed, to achieve the objectives set or to achieve them in accordance with the expected timeframes and 
measures, to meet its commitments - or in the event that over the Business Plan 2022-2026 period it incurs 
net losses to an extent that would significantly erode the capital held for regulatory purposes, then the Issuer 
could suffer the negative effects, even significant, of the repercussions of any measures adopted by the 
European Commission against the Republic of Italy; in each case, with possible impacts on the Issuer's 
and/or the Group's economic, capital and financial situation as well as on the going concern assumption. 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Business Plan 2022-2026's macroeconomic assumptions regarding 
the dynamics of GDP, inflation and the BTP-Bund spread are better than market assumptions. Any 
significant deviations between the actual and assumed macroeconomic dynamics underlying the Business 
Plan 2022-2026 would produce significant negative impacts on the Bank's economic, capital and financial 
position. 
Following the approval by the Board of Directors on 9 March 2017 of the Restructuring Plan, on 17 
December 2020, the Board of Directors approved the strategic plan 2021-2025, prepared having in mind, 
among other things, the commitments assumed by the Italian government on the basis of the Restructuring 
Plan and the consequent Prime Minister's Decree of 16 October 2020, in the context of which it was reported 
appropriate to "initiate a process of divestment of the shareholding held by the Ministry in the share capital 
of MPS". It should be noted that the objectives of the Restructuring Plan and the objectives of the 
aforementioned strategic plan 2021-2025 have not been fully achieved. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the auditor's reports relating to the 2021 Consolidated Financial 
Statements and 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements draw attention to the existence of material 
uncertainty that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue to operate as a going concern.  
The positive conclusion of the capital increase of 2.5 billion euro, which took place on 4 November last and 
the implementation of some actions envisaged in the Business Plan 2022-2026, suggest that the significant 
doubts about the going concern that had been declared in the reports before the Consolidated Interim Report 
as at 30 September 2022 have been overcome, marking a positive turning point in the management of the 
Bank. 
It should also be noted that, effective from 6 May 2021, in conjunction with the approval of the Consolidated 
Interim Report as at 31 March 2021, the Issuer is subject to, pursuant to Article 114(5) of the Consolidated 
Finance Act: 
- 
publish to the market, by the end of each month, a press release containing updated information on 
the actions implemented and planned to maintain the company as a going concern, having regard in 
particular to the actions to overcome the capital shortfall, highlighting any significant deviations in 
the timing of the implementation of these actions compared to what was envisaged in the most recently 
published financial information; and 
- 
supplementing the annual, half-yearly and interim financial reports with information regarding the 
status of implementation of the Business Plan 2022-2026 in force from time to time, highlighting any 
deviations in the actual figures from those forecasts. 
Failure to implement the Business Plan 2022-2026 in accordance with the terms and measures set forth 
therein would entail the need to promptly take alternative actions in order not to jeopardize the continuation 
of the Issuer's and the Group's business activities.

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
In addition, the delay in the timely achievement of the objectives of the Business Plan 2022-2026, in relation 
to business aspects, would make it necessary to modify or reshape the objectives. 
The occurrence of such events would have a material adverse effect on the Bank's and the Group's business 
and economic, capital and/or financial position as well as on the Issuer's and the Group's ability to continue 
as a going concern. 
1.2. 
Risks related to the Group's earnings performance 
During the three-year period 2019-2021 and the first half of 2022, the Group's income performance was 
affected by significant variability in results, mainly due to the negative impact originated by non-operating 
and non-recurring items, such as higher provisions for risks and charges and higher restructuring charges, as 
well as the worsening evolution of the macroeconomic scenario, which was reflected in lower revenues and 
higher cost of customer credit. The Group's income performance in the first half of 2022, although positive, 
is significantly lower than in the first half of 2021. The 2022 financial year has been impacted by 
restructuring costs estimated at more than Euro 0.8 billion, linked to a voluntary exit plan through the 
Solidarity Fund that will affect - in line with the provisions of the union agreement signed between BMPS 
and the trade unions on 4 August 2022 - approximately 3,500 resources and, therefore, it is estimated to 
close with a negative net result. With reference to the net result for 2022, considered gross of restructuring 
charges, it is expected to be positive in absolute terms and higher than the net result for 2021, which, also 
considered gross of restructuring charges, amounted to Euro 316 million. This dynamic is attributable, 
mainly, to the greater positive contribution of taxes and the growth in net interest income, only partially 
offset by a decrease in "Dividends, similar income and gains (losses) from equity investments" and in "Net 
result from trading, fair value measurements of assets/liabilities, and gains on disposals/repurchases" and to 
a higher cost of customer credit that, in 2022, incorporates the effects from the disposals of nonperforming 
loans. 
For the period ended on 30 June 2022, the Group reported a profit of Euro 27 million (Euro 202 million for 
the same period of the previous year)3. For the profit of the Group as of 30 September 2022, please make 
reference to the Consolidated Interim Report as at 30 September 2022 incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus. 
The 2021 fiscal year closed with a net income of Euro 309.5 million (Euro 316 million excluding the 
restructuring costs), which has mainly benefited of a lower net provisions for risks and charges (Euro 99 
million compared to Euro 984 million in 2020) and lower cost of customer credit (Euro 250 million compared 
to Euro 773 million in 2020).  
For more information, please refer to the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
For the sake of completeness, it should be noted that as of 31 December 2021, which is the date relating to 
the latest monitoring by the European Commission of the commitments included in the Restructuring Plan, 
the Group has not met the planned earnings performance targets. It should also be noted that as part of the 
analysis carried out on the individual SREP pillars, the 2021 SREP Decision highlighted among the Bank's 
weaknesses/concern profiles that related, among other things, to the business model, with particular 
reference to the structural short and medium/long-term earnings weakness, which remains exposed to 
unfavourable macroeconomic events and litigation risks. The observations and assessments of the 2021 
SREP Decision regarding the Group's business model are given in more detail below. The Bank, in recent 
years, has consistently recorded net losses and expects to generate, based on relatively challenging 
assumptions, non-negligible returns only from 2023 onwards, given the budgeted cuts in staff expenses. 
According to the 2021 SREP Decision, the sustainability assessment confirms the fragility of the Bank's 
                                                     
3 The following data on the Group's income performance are derived from the reclassification of data included in the 2022 Consolidated Half-
Yearly Report and 2021 Consolidated Financial Statement.

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
profitability in the short term given the prolonged negative results experienced in the past, the major causes 
of which are the idiosyncratic weaknesses that still hamper the Bank's ability to generate stable profits. 
The business model analysis conducted by the ECB on 31 December 2020, the findings of which were 
incorporated into the 2021 SREP Decision, highlighted the following risks and attention points: 
- the sustainability assessment confirms the fragility of BMPS' profitability in the short term, in light of the 
prolonged negative results recorded in the past. Specifically, in 2020, the Group again recorded a substantial 
net loss of Euro 1.7 billion (Euro 1 billion in 2019), the fourth negative annual result since 2016; this situation 
can only be attributed to a lesser extent to the worsening macroeconomic environment following the 
coronavirus pandemic outbreak ("COVID-19"). Rather, the major factors behind this loss were structural 
weaknesses that still hinder the bank's ability to generate stable profits over time (e.g., provisions against 
legal risks and deferred tax assets written off due to lower expectations of future profits). On the positive 
side, the gross NPL ratio has been lowered to 3.4% at the end of 2020 due to the significant de-risking 
achieved in December 2020 through the demerger of a compendium of assets and liabilities (the “Demerger 
Transaction”) to Asset Management Company S.p.A. ("AMCO") (so-called Hydra M transaction). 
BMPS's profitability remains exposed to unfavourable macroeconomic events, exacerbated by uncertainties 
related to the COVID-19 pandemic, risks of narrowing net interest income, failure to achieve both the 
planned reduction in the cost of funding (due to the need to increase the amount of unsecured issuance to 
meet increasing MREL requirements) and of the target on fees (as it is based on challenging growth in assets 
under management volumes), to persistent operational oversizing despite staff reductions, and to litigation 
risks; volatility in both revenues and the cost of risk exposure, particularly as a result of changes in GDP, 
remains high, partly due to the BMPS business model and limited diversification. 
The ECB also highlights the need for qualitative improvements in budget preparation and multi-year 
planning processes. 
In the 2022 Final SREP Decision, ECB continues to assess the business model as a high-risk element, but 
updated its considerations in light of the Business Plan 2022-2026. In particular, the ECB highlighted, within 
a balanced set of assumptions and with potential upside elements (related, for example, to a higher rate hike 
than had been assumed in the Business Plan 2022-2026), a number of risks, such as: 
a) 
the persistence of tensions on the BTP-Bund spread and market volatility, with potential negative 
effects on the cost of funding; 
b) 
the expected dynamics of commissions which, although considered reasonable, depends on the 
success of planned commercial initiatives and is exposed to competitive pressure; 
c) 
rising interest rates and a less favourable GDP scenario that may adversely affect borrowers' ability 
to repay; 
d) 
the development of claims and lawsuits, which is not in the full control of BMPS, as well as the ability 
to prevent new emergencies related to litigation; and 
e) 
cost savings of Euro 40 million as of 2024 due to branch closures, the Group's corporate 
reorganization, and IT investments in digitalization could be offset by inflationary levels related to 
the new macroeconomic scenario, which may be higher than expected and may not be limited to 
utilities, also reducing the savings from the same investments in digitalization. 
Furthmore, the ECB comments that despite the staff reduction achieved through the activation of the 
“solidarity fund” for a number of full-time equivalent units (FTEs) well above of what was originally planned 
increases the extent by which administrative expenses will be reduced, it is yet to be confirmed that the

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
reduction of staff will not negatively affect the productivity levels and/or the effectiveness of the internal 
control functions. 
Based on the above, ECB's conclusion is that BMPS's ability to generate robust and stable profitability will 
be achieved only if, after the execution of the Capital Increase, management is able to achieve all the 
objectives of the Business Plan 2022-2026 in due time, demonstrating, over a sufficiently extended period 
of time, that structural weaknesses have been definitively overcome. 
The year ended on 31 December 2020, recorded a loss for the year of Euro 1,687 million (Euro 1,532 million 
net of nonrecurring items). For more information please refer to the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
In fiscal year 2019, there was a loss for the year of Euro 1,033 million and the same consolidated result net 
of nonrecurring items.  
The losses recorded in fiscal years 2020 and 2019, cumulated with the previous ones, also resulted in 
exceeding the threshold set forth in Article 2446 of the Italian Civil Code, which, in the event of a reduction 
in the Issuer's share capital by more than one-third, provides for the need to convene the Issuer's shareholders' 
meeting. At the shareholders' meetings of 2020 and 2021 - in accordance with COVID-19 regulations - it 
was resolved to postpone decisions on the reduction of share capital to the shareholders' meeting called to 
resolve on the capital strengthening operation. Therefore, the shareholders, at 15 September 2022’s 
shareholders' meeting, following the resolutions of the 6 April 2021 and 12 April 2022 shareholders' 
meetings, resolved to approve the coverage of the total loss of Euro 4,240,892,704.41 by reducing the share 
capital by a corresponding amount, which thus stands at Euro 4,954,119,492.44. The reduction of the share 
capital consequently had no effect on the book equity, which was confirmed in an amount equal to that as of 
30 June 2022, i.e., Euro 5 billion on an individual basis and Euro 5.8 billion on a consolidated basis. 
Following the completion of the aforementioned Capital Increase, the amount of share capital of the Bank 
will be increased accordingly.  
Lastly, it should be noted that the Business Plan 2022-2026 envisages a net profit of Euro 1,003 million in 
fiscal year 2024 and Euro 833 million in fiscal year 2026; the expected operating results over the Business 
Plan 2022-2026 horizon include a benefit, resulting from the recognition of new DTAs, amounting to Euro 
1,273 million. 
Finally, it should be noted that the Group has not achieved, at the end of the year 2021, some targets of the 
Restructuring Plan summarized through some performance indicators (Net Margin, Cost Income Ratio, 
ROE) and also referring to the number of employees. With regard to operating expenses, the Group would 
have achieved the target set initially if this target had not been subsequently reduced by Euro 100 million as 
a result of the failure to achieve the 2019 performance targets. 
If, also as a result of any further deterioration in the macroeconomic scenario, attributable, for example, to 
the escalation of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the Issuer is unable to achieve the targets set in 
the Business Plan 2022-2026, the Group may not be in a position to achieve the desired sustainable 
profitability as the ability to structurally generate a level of income, relative to equity, in line with banking 
system-wide expectations in the medium term. In this respect, as notified to the Issuer in the Letter of 
Intervention dated 14 January 2022, the ECB recommended to the Issuer that the Business Plan 2022-2026 
ensure that the Group's key earnings indicators (including but not limited to ROE, ROA, and cost/income 
ratio) reach or exceed by the end of 2024 the average values for significant Italian banks on a consolidated 
basis, as published on the ECB's website4. In light of the above, as of the date of the Base Prospectus there 
is a risk that if the Group is unable to achieve the aforementioned sustainable profitability, there will be 
                                                     
4 As stated in the Intervention Letter of 14 January 2022 sent by the ECB, "the ECB recommends that the Business Plan 2022-2026 ensures 
that the key profitability parameters (including but not limited to return on equity, return on assets, and cost-to-income ratio) of the BMPS 
Group reach or exceed, by the end of 2024, the average values of significant Italian institutions at the consolidated level published on the 
ECB's website."

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
negative impacts on the Group's equity and capital requirements and, more generally, even significant 
negative effects on the Group's economic, capital and/or financial position, to the point where the Group's 
ability to continue as a going concern will cease to exist. 
1.3. 
Risks related to capital adequacy 
In the 12-month evolution of capital adequacy, the Group is subject to some regulatory headwinds. In 
particular, these headwinds include: (i) the revision of internal models which, according to the Issuer's 
estimates, will lead to an overall increase of no more than Euro 5.5 billion in RWA (as defined below), 
postponed to the first quarter 2023, largely attributable to the adaptation of AIRB models to the EBA 
Guidelines (EBA-GL-2017-16) carried out during 2021 and subject to review by the ECB, and (ii) the 
planned capital reduction related to the IFRS9 phase-in, with a negative impact on capital of approximately 
Euro 330 million. 
There is the risk that, at the conclusion of the inspection activity by the ECB, the supervisory authority may 
deem it necessary to impose additional requirements, in terms of RWA (as defined below), compared to 
those already provided by the Group's internal models, if these are not found to be satisfactory. In this case, 
it is possible that the Group may find itself operating below the Guidance level even following the full 
subscription of the Capital Increase.  
Finally, even following the full subscription of the Capital Increase, there is the risk that, in the event that 
the assumptions of the Business Plan 2022-2026 or the actions underlying the Business Plan 2022-2026 are 
not or only partially implemented, including in terms of timing, the Group may fail to achieve the Business 
Plan 2022-2026's objectives, particularly in terms of profitability, with possible negative consequences on 
the ability to comply with the capital ratios and, therefore, with consequent significant adverse effects on the 
Group's economic, capital and/or financial position. 
The assessment of capital adequacy from a regulatory perspective is based on the constant monitoring of 
current and prospective equity and risk-weighted assets ("Risk Weighted Assets" or "RWA"). The 
optimization of the capital adequacy profile is pursued through the "Risk Appetite Statement" process, during 
which business and risk strategies are defined and subjected to adequacy review. 
The Issuer is subject to the capital adequacy requirements of the EU Directive 2013/36 of the European 
Parliament and European Council in relation to credit institutions' activities, credit institutions' prudential 
supervision and investment undertakings, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 (the "CRD IV") and 
CRR. Specifically, with the 2021 SREP Decision, the ECB required the Bank to maintain, as of 1 March 
2022, on a consolidated basis, a TSCR level of 10.75%, which includes the minimum P1R requirement of 
8% under Article 92 of the CRR and an additional P2R requirement of 2.75%, on an ongoing basis, to be 
held at least 56.25% in the form of CET1 and 75% in the form of Tier 1. 
In addition to the P1R and P2R requirements, the Group must also hold sufficient capital to meet a CBR of 
2.75%5. Thus, the Group must meet, at the consolidated level, a CET1 Ratio of 8.80%, a Tier1 Ratio of 
10.82%, and a Total Capital Ratio of 13.50% (Overall Capital Requirement - OCR). Considering Pillar II 
Capital Guidance (“P2G”) as well, the Group has to comply, at the consolidated level, with a CET1 Ratio 
of 11.30%, a Tier1 Ratio of 13.32%, and a Total Capital Ratio of 16.00%. 
These levels (requirements and guidance) are confirmed in the 2022 Final SREP Decision which the Bank 
announced it received on 27 December 2022. In the 2021 SREP Decision, as reitereted in the 2022 Final 
SREP Decision, the ECB has also highlighted among the Bank's weaknesses/points of attention, inter alia, 
those relating to (i) the risk related to capital adequacy, in order to ensure compliance with capital 
requirements, in a prospective framework of fragile capital position in stress situations; and (ii) the Internal 
                                                     
5 CBR consists of Capital Conservation Buffer (2.50%) + O-SII Buffer (0.25% vs. 0.19% in 2021) + Countercyclical Capital Buffer (0.003% 
as of 30 September 2022.

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
Capital Adequacy Assessment Process ("ICAAP") process, highlighting the need for further improvements 
with reference to capital planning, scenario design and stress tests, which result in fragmented approaches, 
and the data and IT infrastructure to support such analyses.  
In addition, in the 2022 Final SREP Decision, ECB highlights that, despite the finalisation of the Capital 
Increase, the Tier 1 level will marginally be above P2G throughout 2023, but could fall below that level as 
a result of tensions on the BTP - Bund spread, the higher-than-planned fees payable to the investment banks 
in the context of the rights issue, the hike in interest rates payable on senior and subordinated liabilities 
observed in the market over the recent months or in relation to limitations arising from the so-called "model 
change" of the AIRB internal models. If the Bank were to operate below P2G levels this could have negative 
repercussions on the cost of the issues planned in the Business Plan 2022-2026. 
As part of the 2021 SREP Decision, ECB highlighted that even following the full subscription of the Capital 
Increase, the margins above the Guidance level still remain thin, even in light of the Business Plan 2022-
2026's ambitious industrial goals, such that there is a real risk that, by 2023 at the latest, the Bank will be 
operating below the P2G level. These observations of the supervisory authority are reinforced by the gradual 
withdrawal of the state supports guaranteed during the COVID-19 period on loans to individuals and 
companies and the Group's high exposure to legal litigation, both of which could lead to a worsening of the 
Group's income statement and thus its prospective capital position. In addition, the increased vulnerability 
to a possible adverse scenario, as evidenced by the 2021 Stress Test, further confirms the Issuer's capital 
fragility. 
In the 2022 Final SREP Decision, the ECB confirms these considerations, not reiterating the observation 
regarding the loss of guaranteed state supports, but emphasising, in addition to the previous observations, 
the gap that would remain at the end of 2024, between the Group's Tier 1 Ratio and that of its peers, since 
on the basis of the Business Plan 2022-2026 the Group's Tier 1 ratio would increase to 14.2 percent6 at the 
end of 2024, still standing about 70 basis points below the average level of significant European banks and 
about 150 basis points below the current average level of significant Italian banks. The persistence of this 
gap, in the long run, could be a possible obstacle to future merger transactions with an industrial partner. 
Moreover, even following the full execution of the Capital Increase, BMPS would remain extremely 
vulnerable to any possible negative evolution of the scenario, even compared to its competitors. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, it should be noted that within the Business Plan 2022-2026 there are no 
plans for the Italian State to activate a new extraordinary credit moratorium or guarantee interventions in 
favour of businesses or consumers similar to what was implemented during the COVID-19 period, and that 
following the full implementation of the Capital Increase and the actions and assumptions of the Business 
Plan 2022-2026 as formulated, the Group would be operating above the P2G level over the entire Business 
Plan 2022-2026 horizon. However, given the uncertainties surrounding the Business Plan 2022-2026 
assumptions, as of the date of the Base Prospectus there is the risk that even following the full subscription 
of the Capital Increase, the Issuer could incur breaches of regulatory capital adequacy requirements over the 
Business Plan 2022-2026 horizon. 
In addition, in the 2022 Final SREP Decision, the ECB requested the Bank (a) to conduct a self-assessment 
of the adopted stress test framework by 28 February 2023, and send the relevant report to the ECB; (b) to 
evaluate the comments to be made by the ECB on the report referred to in (a) by 15 April 2023; (c) to prepare 
a remedial action plan by 31 May 2023; and (d) to implement such plan by 31 December 2023.  
As of 30 September 2022, the Group has a CET 1 Ratio7 and a Tier 1 ratio8 of 10%, a Total Capital Ratio9 
of 13.9%. 
                                                     
6 It should be noted that, based on the final costs of the capital increase, there will be a negative impact on this indicator until 2024 quantifiable 
at about 15 basis points 
7 Coefficient calculated considering the transitional provisions of the regulatory framework in force on the reference date. 
8 Coefficient calculated considering the transitional provisions of the regulatory framework in force on the reference date. 
9 Coefficient calculated considering the transitional provisions of the regulatory framework in force on the reference date.

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
The Group, on a consolidated basis, respects the TSCR; at the same date, it instead had a shortfall with 
respect to the CBR and the P2G. The CBR shortfall derives primarily from the recognition in the third quarter 
of the year of costs exceeding Euro 900 million for incentivised personnel departures, activated subject to 
the capital availability set forth in the Business Plan 2022-2026. The shortfall with respect to the P2G, 
already recognised starting from the first quarter of the year, is due to the third quarter loss as well as the 
increase in the value of the guidance set forth in the 2021 SREP Decision (2.50% vs. 1.30%) and the planned 
share capital reduction connected to the IFRS 9 phase-in (roughly Euro 325 million). Both shortfalls were 
remedied following the positive outcome of the Euro 2.5 billion Capital Increase concluded on 4 November 
2022. 
Taking into account the capital increase concluded on 4 November 2022 for approximately Euro 2.5 billion 
and the related costs, the Bank's capital ratios at consolidated level as at 30 September 2022, are equal to: 
15.7% for CET 1 ratio, 15.7% for the Tier 1 ratio, 19.5% for the Total Capital ratio, calculated by applying 
the transitional criteria in force for 2022; 14.7% for the CET 1 ratio, 14.7% for the Tier 1 ratio, 18.5% for 
the Total Capital ratio, calculated by applying the fully loaded criteria. 
In accordance with the provisions of CRR, the ratios as of 30 September 2022 were calculated considering 
the transitional regime, which represents the application of the calculation rules according to the regulatory 
framework in force on the reference date, while the "fully loaded" version incorporates the rules envisaged 
under the regime into the calculation. The transitional regime benefits from the application of certain 
prudential filters, including: 
- 
the sterilization of the IFRS 9 impact related to the first-time application of the accounting standard; 
- 
the sterilization of the capital impact related to the increase in loan adjustments recognized in the 
period 2020 - 2024 compared to 10 January 2020 for stage 1 and 2 portfolios; 
- 
the application of the prudential filter related to the Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) Reserve on 
securities issued by states or central governments in the period from 10 January 2020 to 31 December 
2022. 
Finally, it should be noted that, as of the same date, the Group has a leverage ratio10 of 3.3% above the 
minimum requirement of 3%. Taking into account the capital increase concluded on 4 November 2022 for 
approximately Euro 2.5 billion and the related costs, the leverage ratio at consolidated level is equal to 5.2% 
as at 30 September 2022. 
It should also be noted that the SREP is carried out by the ECB at least annually. As noted above, the 2022 
Final SREP Decision (effective from 1 January 2023) confirms the quantitative requirements and prescribes 
some qualitative requirements on processes supporting capital adequacy. However, there is a risk that, 
starting with the SREP 2023 process (effective from 1 January 2024), the supervisory authority will prescribe 
more stringent measures for the Issuer than those contained in the 2022 Final SREP Decision. In addition, 
the Group is exposed to the risk (i) as a result of the inspection activity on the internal AIRB models, the 
ECB identifies changes to the Issuer's proposed models that would result in an increase in RWA beyond 
what is expected, and (ii) that, as a result of the credit risk inspection activity (which has already been 
completed, and for which the usual exit meeting has already been held, and for which the final report is 
expected by the end of 2022), the classification criteria and, consequently, provisions on the portfolios 
inspected are revised, with consequent negative impacts on the Group's capital. 
In 2021, the Group participated in the EU-wide stress test conducted by the EBA in cooperation with the 
ECB, the European Systemic Risk Board (ESRB) and the European Commission; the aforementioned stress 
test exercise is generally carried out every two years. On 8 December 2021, in line with the decision to 
conduct a biennial exercise, the EBA announced its decision to conduct the next EU-wide stress test in 2023, 
                                                     
10 Coefficient calculated considering the transitional provisions of the regulatory framework in force on the reference date.

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
in which the Group will participate. Participation in the stress tests carries the risk of possible upward 
revision of the P2G, and thus of the levels of capital to be held by the Group in case of a negative result in 
the "baseline" scenario and/or the "adverse" scenario. 
Any assessment of the level of capital adequacy is influenced by several variables, including the need to 
cope with the impacts resulting from the new and more demanding requirements at the regulatory level 
announced by the European regulator, the need to support functional plans for a more rapid reduction in the 
volume of impaired loans - even in addition to the disposal of the Bank's NPLs - and/or the assessment of 
market scenarios that are expected to be particularly challenging and will require the availability of adequate 
capital resources to support the Group's level of activity and investments. 
For further information in such regard, please refer to the “Capital adequacy” paragraph of the Consolidated 
Interim Report as at 30 September 2022 and to the “Capital adequacy” paragraph of the 2022 Consolidated 
Half-Yearly Report. 
1.4. 
Risks related to non-compliance with MREL requirements 
Pursuant to Article 45 of Directive 2014/59/EU, as subsequently amended, institutions must meet at all times 
a MREL defined by the resolution authority for each institution, in order to ensure that a bank, in the event 
of the application of the bail-in procedure, has sufficient liabilities to absorb losses and to ensure compliance 
with the Primary Tier 1 Capital requirement for the authorization to conduct banking business, as well as to 
generate sufficient confidence in it in the market. 
Based on the parameters specified by the MREL Decision 2021, as at 30 June 2022 the Bank is in violation 
of the following parameters: (a) MREL Subordination Requirement in terms of LRE which is 5.28% 
(compared to 6.22% LRE under the MREL Decision 2021); (b) CBR, considered in addition to the MREL 
requirement expressed in terms of TREA (which is -0.82%); the amount of equity and MREL-eligible 
liabilities on the TREA is 20.88% lower than the minimum requirement of 21.70%; and (c) CBR, considered 
in addition to the MREL subordination requirement expressed in terms of TREA (equal to -0.65%); the 
amount of equity and of subordinated instruments for MREL purposes on the TREA is 15.60% lower than 
the minimum requirement of 16.25%. 
The above violation of MREL requirements was attributable to the postponement of the execution of the 
Capital Increase to 2022, jointly with the absence of issuance of MREL-eligible instruments during 2021. 
In order to restore the MREL requirements, the Bank completed the Capital Increase, provided that it is still 
necessary to proceed with the issuance of MREL-eligible instruments, in line with the provisions of the 
Business Plan 2022-2026. Moreover, in the 2022 Final SREP Decision, ECB judges the Bank's program of 
senior issuances in 2023, aimed at meeting the MREL targets, as challenging, even considering that the Bank 
will access the non-preferred senior debt market for the first time.  
In light of the above, the Group is exposed to the risk of incurring breaches of the MREL requirements again, 
in the event of failure to meet the institutional issuance targets set out in the Business Plan 2022-2026, which 
could be challenged by any systemic tensions in the debt markets and/or idiosyncratic circumstances of the 
Group. In addition, it cannot be ruled out that in the future the Group will again present a breach with respect 
to the MREL and/or CBR targets, due to, among other things, possible changes in bank resolution regulations 
and/or the criteria for determining MREL requirements by the resolution authorities such as raising the 
requirements or reducing the instruments eligible for MREL purposes. Such circumstance could lead, in 
addition to the prohibition on dividend distributions and the prohibition to perform certain activities already 
imposed by the resolution authorities, to the adoption of specific measures against the Issuer by the same 
authorities and, should the Issuer and/or the Group be unable to comply with such measures or to fulfil the 
obligations imposed by the same authorities, with significant consequences for the Issuer's and/or the Group's 
economic, equity and financial situation.

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
In this regard, it should be noted that in the event of a breach of MREL requirements, the Directive 
2014/59/EU for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions ("BRRD") grants the resolution authorities 
the ability to exercise the following powers: 
(i) 
the powers to address or remove impediments to the possibility of resolution through the adoption of 
specific measures (e.g., limitation of business line development; request to issue MREL-eligible 
liabilities; request to renegotiate eligible liabilities or AT1 and T2 instruments already issued; request 
to change the maturity of own funds instruments, subject to agreement with the ECB, and eligible 
liabilities); 
(ii) 
the powers under Article 16(a) of the BRRD on the limitation of certain distributions; 
(iii) 
the adoption of measures under Article 104 of CRD IV on additional Pillar II Capital Requirements; 
(iv) 
the adoption of early intervention measures in accordance with Article 27 of the BRRD, such as the 
implementation of the adopted reorganization plan or the preparation of a plan to negotiate debt 
restructuring with all or some creditors, the modification of the corporate form; as well as the removal 
of members of the administrative and supervisory bodies and senior management; and 
(v) 
the adoption of administrative sanctions and other administrative measures pursuant to Article 144 of 
the Consolidated Finance Act. 
1.5. 
Risks related to deterioration in credit quality and the impacts of the worsening economic 
environment, particularly in Italy, on credit quality and banking in general 
The Group is exposed to the risks inherent in lending activities, which take the form of the possibility that 
its contractual counterparties will fail to fulfil all or part of their payment obligations. In the data of the 2022 
Consolidated Half-Yearly Financial Statements, significant concentrations are observed at the geographical 
level, detecting a concentration of counterparties in the Tuscany region, where the Bank is particularly rooted 
in the territory. In the data of the 2022 Consolidated Half-Yearly Financial Statements: (i) the Group has an 
amount of customer loans classified as non-performing exposures (i.e., including non-performing loans, 
probable defaults and impaired past due exposures) of Euro 4,082 million gross, Euro 1.966 million net (the 
percentage incidence of net impaired loans to total loans to customers is 2.5%); (ii) the Group's coverage 
ratio of impaired loans to customers for the Group as a whole is 51.8%; (iii) the incidence rates of net loans 
to customers at amortized cost classified as stage 1 (financial instruments that have not experienced a 
significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition) and stage 2 (financial instruments that have 
experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition but have no objective evidence of 
loss) are 82.9% and 14.5%, respectively. The occurrence of a deterioration in credit quality - taking into 
account the persistence of the COVID-19 pandemic and the uncertainties associated with the health 
emergency itself and the conflict in Ukraine, with the impacts it is generating in particular on commodity 
prices and on inflation more generally - could mean that the provisions set aside to cope with these risks 
result in significant adverse effects on the Group's operating results and economic, equity and/or financial 
position. 
For more information on the above, please refer to the 2022 Consolidated Half-Yearly Financial Statements 
and the Consolidated Interim Report as at 30 September 2022 incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
Please note that the 2021 SREP Decision contains certain recommendations in relation to exposures 
classified as non-performing exposures as of 31 March 2018 and, in particular, recommends that: 
a) 
for non-performing exposures secured and classified as such for more than seven years, as per the 
recommendation included in the SREP decision regarding own funds requirements to be met starting

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
from 1 January 2021 ("2020 SREP Decision"), 50% coverage be achieved by year-end 2021, with a 
linear path to full coverage by year-end 2026; and 
b) 
for non-performing exposures that have been unsecured and classified as such for more than two 
years, 60% coverage be achieved by year-end 2021, with a linear path to full coverage by year-end 
2025. 
The Group is in line with the non-performance exposures coverage targets made explicit in the 2021 SREP 
Decision. In the event that the provisions in the financial statements, determined in accordance with the 
accounting standards, are not sufficient to align with the minimum coverage required by the so-called 
calendar provisioning, the Group proceeds to apply deductions from regulatory capital up to the amount 
necessary to adjust to the minimum coverage required, as provided by the regulations.  
As part of the 2021 SREP Decision, ECB pointed out that the customers entrusted by the Group have 
benefited significantly from state public support measures, both in terms of moratoria and guarantees issued, 
and that therefore the Issuer is exposed to the risk that, when these measures are discontinued, the quality of 
the loan portfolio may significantly deteriorate.  
Pursuant to the aforementioned 2021 SREP Decision, the Bank is also required to send the ECB an update 
of its three-year strategic and operational plan for managing nonperforming loans. 
As part of the 2022 Final SREP Decision, the ECB updated, as expected, the recommended level for the 
coverage of exposures classified as non-performing exposures as of 31 March 2018 (70% for the secured 
component and 80% for the unsecured component, 50% and 60% respectively in the 2021 SREP Decision); 
these levels have already been factored into both the prospective calendar provisioning impact estimates in 
the Business Plan 2022-2026 and the non-performing exposure Strategy. The risk factor related to the lapsing 
of state support measures is not reiterated, but credit risk is still considered a key risk factor in the face of 
the delay in the implementation of the new early warning system of intercepting deterioration in 
creditworthiness, governance shortcomings of changes in the credit risk models used for the purpose of 
calculating capital requirements, and general uncertainties related to the impacts of the pandemic, the war in 
Ukraine, and evolving macroeconomic conditions. Finally, in the 2022 Final SREP Decision, ECB 
acknowledges that in light of accounting provisions and specific deductions from regulatory capital made 
after 31 December 2021, the Group is aligned with its calendar provisioning hedges. 
The Bank is also exposed to the risk of deteriorating credit quality as a result of the domestic and international 
economic situation. 
The Business Plan 2022-2026 considers a scenario characterized by a slowdown in Italian GDP dynamics 
in 2022, after rebounding in 2021, with acceleration in 2023. Compared to Bank of Italy expectations, the 
scenario assumes lower growth estimates for 2022 and higher ones for 2023. Failure of the Business Plan 
2022-2026 scenario, which prefigures an improvement in default flow starting in 2023, could result in a less 
significant decrease in default rates than expected, with significant negative effects on the Group's credit 
quality. 
In particular, in accordance with the provisions of the Business Plan 2022-2026, the Bank expects an 
inflationary peak in 2022 with a settlement on the 2% threshold in the following years; the growth of inflation 
- despite not being considered as a critical variable in the Business Plan 2022-2026 for the purposes of a 
deterioration of the credit scenario - could generate a progressive deterioration in the quality of assets 
attributable to the corporate and private system. In particular, for individuals, a scenario of high inflation 
along with an inadequate realignment of wages would lead to a progressive erosion of disposable income 
with resulting potential strains on instalment-income ratios in the payment of mortgages and personal loans. 
Compared with the assumptions referring to the evolution of inflation in the macroeconomic scenario 
underlying the elaboration of the Business Plan 2022-2026, Bank of Italy's expectations of medium-term 
inflation are higher; however, a higher level of expected prices leads to negative impacts on the real value

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
of disposable income and households' propensity to save, but also to increases, in nominal terms, in the value 
of investments and working capital financing needs by businesses and nominal growth in household 
spending. Such strains, should a high inflation scenario persist, could result in counterparty default with a 
consequent increase in the riskiness of the Bank's assets. 
To assess the effects of a worsening scenario, the Group estimated that a slowdown in the economic cycle, 
with rising interest rates and higher levels of inflation, could bring an increase in the cost of risk of about 
Euro 650 million over the three years, based on a cumulative negative change in GDP of about 500 basis 
points. The estimate was based on the assumption of a negative effect of about Euro 130 million for each 
point of GDP lost relative to Business Plan 2022-2026 assumptions. The isolated impact of this vulnerability 
on the Business Plan 2022-2026's pre-tax result would be about Euro 650 million over the three years. 
A worsening of the domestic and international macroeconomic scenario could alter the ability of the Group's 
contractual counterparties to meet their payment obligations to the Group, thereby increasing the risk related 
to the Group's credit exposure, with significant adverse effects on the Group's operating results and 
economic, capital and/or financial position. 
The Business Plan 2022-2026's macroeconomic assumptions regarding the dynamics of GDP, inflation and 
the BTP-Bund spread are more favourable than current market assumptions. Any significant deviations 
between the actual macroeconomic dynamics and the macroeconomic dynamics assumed as the basis for the 
Business Plan 2022-2026 could result in significant adverse effects on the Group's operating results and 
economic, capital and/or financial position. 
The Issuer believes, however, that the observed changes in the macroeconomic scenario, even taking into 
account the IMF forecast updated in October 2022 about the trend of Italian GDP11, would not produce 
negative impacts that could affect the validity of the Business Plan 2022-2026. 
Moreover, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy’s authority to set borrower based measures 
has recently been introduced into the Circular No. 285 (as defined below) and there is uncertainty as to how 
(and if) the Italian regulator would exercise such authority. Therefore, it is not yet clear what impact these 
regulatory changes will have on the Issuer’s operations. 
1.6. 
Risks related to impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and equity investments 
In line with IAS 36, goodwill is subject to impairment testing at least once a year and in any case when there 
are signs of deterioration. The activity of testing goodwill for impairment is based on a preliminary allocation 
of the value of goodwill to the various cash generating units ("CGUs") to which it is attributable; the 
definition of the scope of the CGUs is carried out in a manner consistent with the segment reporting given 
in the financial statements, which in turn reflects management reporting. 
In light of the circumstance that the Group's most significant equity investments (see below) pertain to the 
insurance business, which is particularly exposed to market variables (e.g. interest rates), the profiles of 
uncertainty that characterize the national and global macroeconomic framework, also due to the impacts and 
developments on public health and the economy resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russian 
war in Ukraine, could have significant negative effects on the estimated cash flows assumed, as well as on 
the main financial assumptions considered, and could consequently result in the need to provide for 
impairment losses of goodwill, intangible assets and equity investments, including significant ones. 
For equity investments, the process of recognizing any impairment initially involves checking for 
impairment indicators and, in the event of violation of these indicators, the determination of any impairment 
is determined to the extent that the recoverable value is lower than the carrying value. The parameters and 
projections on which the estimates are based evolve with the updating of plans of associated equity 
                                                     
11 International Monetary Fund, World Economic Outlook, October 2022

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
investments, which are significantly influenced by the macroeconomic environment and financial market 
dynamics. 
As of 30 June 2022, monitoring of the main impairment indicators showed indications of potential 
impairment of the investments held in AXA-MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. and AXA-MPS Assicurazioni 
Danni. The recoverable value of the investee assets was then calculated using the Appraisal Value method 
for AXA-MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. and the Dividend Discount Model (DDM) method for AXA-MPS 
Assicurazioni Danni S.p.A. In both cases, the recoverable value was found to be higher than the 
corresponding book value, and the carrying value of the investments was therefore confirmed. 
With regard to the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements and the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements, 
the results of the valuations did not result in the need to make value adjustments to the equity investments 
recorded in the financial statements.  
In light of the foregoing, although the impairment tests carried out by the Issuer did not reveal the need to 
proceed with the recognition of value adjustments for goodwill, intangible assets with a finite useful life and, 
except as described above, equity investments recorded in the financial statements, it cannot, however, be 
ruled out that in the future it may be appropriate to proceed with the recognition of value adjustments and 
make write-downs of the aforementioned balance sheet items, even if significant. 
For more information on the impairment of goodwill, intangible assets and equity investments please refer 
to the 2022 Consolidated Half-Yearly Financial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
1.7. 
Liquidity risk for the 12-month period and risks related to the Issuer's indebtedness and system 
liquidity support measures 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, there is a risk that in a time horizon beyond 12 months from 16 January 
2023, unexpected events of a macroeconomic nature, events that cause damage to the Bank's reputation, new 
prudential or regulatory requirements related to regulatory developments, which would have even significant 
adverse effects on the liquidity profile and the economic and financial situation of the Bank and the Group, 
will occur. 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Group's liquidity position could be exposed, in a time horizon beyond 
12 months from 16 January 2023, to a series of both exogenous and internal events that could generate a 
decrease in its customers' deposits, difficulties or inability to access markets, to receive funds from 
counterparties outside the Group, or result in the impairment of certain assets and/or the inability to finance 
or liquidate them. Among these, the possible systemic economic/financial crisis (e.g., in case of escalation 
of the conflict initiated by Russia), the worsening of the Issuer's reputational profile, and possible tensions 
in the debt market (making the Group's issuance program more difficult to implement) is of particular 
relevance. As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer has reserves that are deemed sufficient for the 
twelve months following that date even in the face of the occurrence of severe adverse events. 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, there is a risk that, further to the 12-months period from 16 January 
2023, severe strains may occur in the procurement of liquidity in the market, which could adversely affect 
the achievement of the Group's objectives, especially in view of the international geopolitical and pandemic 
environment, resulting in even more significant adverse effects on the Bank's and the Group's economic, 
financial and capital position. Failure to comply with the minimum requirements under the regulations 
applicable to the Issuer for liquidity indicators could result in the adoption of specific measures against the 
Issuer by the authorities and, if the Issuer and/or the Group were unable to comply with such measures or to 
fulfil the obligations imposed by the same authorities, this could lead to even significant adverse effects on 
the Issuer's and/or the Group's economic, financial and asset situation. 
In particular, within the scope of liquidity risk, two types of risk can be identified, such as:

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
market liquidity risk: related to the possibility that the Bank, in case of need, may not be able to 
liquidate an asset on the balance sheet without incurring capital losses or a significantly longer time 
to realization due to low liquidity or inefficiencies in the reference market; and 
 
funding liquidity risk: represents the possibility that the Bank may not be able to meet expected and 
unexpected payment commitments on a cost-effective basis and without impairing its core business 
or financial position. 
With respect to risks related to the Issuer's indebtedness and interventions to support system liquidity, 
significant reduction or withdrawal of system liquidity support by governments and central authorities or 
reduction of liquidity obtainable through access to the Eurosystem could generate difficulties and/or higher 
costs in accessing market sources of liquidity, with potential even significant adverse effects on the Bank's 
and/or the Group's activities and economic, capital and/or financial position. 
The ECB, within the SREP Decision 2021, also gave its opinion on the Internal Liquidity Adequacy 
Assessment Process ("ILAAP") implemented by the Group, concluding that no additional liquidity 
requirements are deemed necessary. The ECB also highlighted some areas for improvement: greater 
efficiency and incisiveness of internal inspection activities, the need for an update and rationalization of 
internal regulations in the area of liquidity management and risk, refinement in the calculation of a 
management indicator and greater automation in data management and processing. These weaknesses could 
call into question the Issuer's ability to properly assess the current and prospective liquidity position. In the 
2022 Final SREP Decision, the ECB, while acknowledging that progress had been made with respect to most 
of the areas for improvement described in the 2021 SREP Decision, it highlighted the risk and IT data 
infrastructure as a major area for improvement. 
The 2021 SREP Decision also highlighted, among the Bank's weaknesses/points of attention, the one related 
to liquidity risk and in particular funding risk, with reference to the Bank's limited ability to access the 
unsecured and wholesale market on competitive terms, along with the high level of asset encumbrance. These 
observations are also confirmed in the 2022 Final SREP Decision. 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer's indebtedness to the ECB, which is attributable to the 
refinancing operations put in place by the ECB, is Euro 19.5 billion, represented entirely by targeted longer-
term refinancing operations ("TLTRO III") operations, of which (i) Euro 11.0 billion called on 24 June 
2020 with maturity on 28 June 2023, (ii) Euro 3.0 billion called on 30 September 2020 with maturity on 27 
September 2023, (iii) Euro 2.5 billion called on 24 March 2021 with maturity on 27 March 2024, and (iv) 
Euro 3.0 billion called on 24 June 2021, with maturity on 26 June 2024. 
For further information in such regard, please refer to the “Funding strategy” paragraph of the Consolidated 
Interim Report as at 30 September 2022 and to the “Funding strategy and MREL capacity” paragraph of the 
2021 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
If the collateral provided by the Bank to the ECB against the refinancing activity carried out by the ECB 
proves to be inadequate with respect to the amount of the refinancing operations, the ECB may request, 
subject to the Bank of Italy's notification to the Group, the early collectability of the refinancing operations 
carried out. 
The occurrence of the aforementioned event would oblige the Group to immediately reduce the amount of 
refinancing transactions with the ECB by the same amount or to provide additional eligible assets and/or 
cash as collateral. Other causes of early collectability include corporate reorganisations and non-compliance 
with reporting requirements. The occurrence of such an event could result in the consequent risk of 
encountering difficulties in accessing sources of market liquidity or of having to incur greater, unbudgeted, 
charges for this purpose, with consequent, even significant negative effects on the Bank's and/or the Group's 
business and economic, equity and/or financial situation. As mentioned at the beginning of the paragraph,

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
the maturity ladder is not affected by the ECB funding already carried out but by the level of eligible assets 
available for the purpose of refinancing operations with the ECB. 
As a result of the monetary policy decisions taken by the Governing Council on 27 October 2022 in which 
the terms and conditions of the third round of TLTRO III were changed, neutralizing part of the economic 
benefits of maintaining TLTROs to the final maturity, the Group partially early repay TLTROIIIs in the 
December 2022 early redemption date (for the amount of Euro 6 billion, reducing the TLTRO III maturing 
on 28 June 2023 from Euro 17 billion to  Euro 11 billion), in addition to the 4 billion maturying in December 
2022 (for a total reimbursement of 10 billion). The early repayment does not substantially modify the 
liquidity and risk profile of the Bank, with respect to maintaining the initial amount until the original maturity 
(which was only 6 months later).  
The possible failure to achieve the objectives of diversification of funding sources envisaged in the Business 
Plan 2022-2026 could be determined by external or BMPS' specific events. 
Among the main external elements of uncertainty are, in particular, stress situations in the bank funding 
market or the institutional funding market, resulting from financial or macroeconomic shocks. 
Approximately Euro 6 billion of issuances of MREL eligible securities are envisaged during the period of 
the Business Plan 2022-2026 (in relation to subordinated loans, it should be noted that they are neutral for 
liquidity risk purposes since, in the event of a failure to issue, the call on existing subordinated loans would 
not be exercised and they would be brought to natural maturity). With reference to a time horizon beyond 
12 months starting from 24 November 2022, failure to issue would make it appropriate to take compensatory 
actions, in order to achieve targets on key regulatory liquidity indicators (LCR/NSFR), such as increasing 
funding from deposits or from funding transactions such as repurchase agreements on paper other than high-
quality liquid assets, such as to have a positive impact on the Bank's liquidity position. It should be noted 
that failure to implement such compensatory actions, in the absence of institutional issuances eligible for 
MREL purposes, would not allow the achievement of the Business Plan 2022-2026 targets on LCR/NSFR 
indicators, which would have a significant negative impact on the Group's economic, capital and/or financial 
position. 
1.8. 
Risk of exposure to debt securities issued by sovereign states 
The Group is exposed to the risk of exposure to debt securities issued by sovereign states and has exposure 
to bonds issued by central and local governments and government entities of the Republic of Italy. As of 30 
June 2022, the Group's exposure in securities to the Italian government represented 10% of the Group's total 
assets, up from 9% as of 31 December 2021, 7% as of 31 December 2020, and down slightly from 11 percent 
as of 31 December 2019. Overall, securities issued by governments, central banks, and other public entities 
account for 63%, approximately, of total financial assets (Group's securities assets and net position in 
derivatives), a percentage that is essentially stable compared to the end of 2021 (64%), up from the end of 
2020 (57%), and down slightly from the end of 2019 (65%). 
Tensions in the sovereign bond market and the volatility of government bonds, significant increases in 
inflation, and increases in interest rates by the ECB may therefore have negative effects on the Group's 
business, economic, capital and/or financial position, operating results, and prospects. In particular, rising 
rates may have a negative effect on the Group's positions measured at fair value by virtue of the short 
exposure, in terms of sensitivity, to a +1 basis point change in interest rates (Euro -0.2 million on Trading 
Book - FVTPL, Euro -0.6 million on Banking Book - FVOCI, as of 30 June 2022). 
Similarly, any deterioration in the yield differential of Italian government bonds compared to other European 
benchmark government bonds and/or any joint actions by the major rating agencies, such as to result in a 
credit rating of the Italian government below investment grade, could result in negative impacts on the 
Group's liquidity position and negative impacts on the value of the portfolio, as well as on capital ratios.

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
For more information on the Issuer's risks related to the exposure to debt securities issued by sovereign 
states, please refer to the 2022 Consolidated Half-Yearly Financial Statements incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
1.9. 
Risks related to the application of Burden Sharing to FRESH 2008 Securities 
The Bank is exposed to the risk that the unfavourable outcome of the litigation with the holders of the floating 
rate equity-linked subordinated hybrid preferred securities ("FRESH 2008 Securities") structure and the 
consequent failure to convert the FRESH 2008 Securities into ordinary shares of the Issuer - as a result of 
the Ministerial Decree of 27 July 2017 (“Burden Sharing”) and/or the failure to apply to them Article 22, 
paragraph 4 of Decree 237 - pursuant to which contractual or other clauses entered into by the Issuer 
concerning its own shares or capital instruments and relating to the equity rights pertaining to the FRESH 
2008 Securities, which prevent or limit their full eligibility for inclusion in Primary Tier 1 Capital, are 
ineffective - may have a negative impact in terms of the profitability of the investment in BMPS shares. 
Certain holders of FRESH 2008 Securities maturing in 2099, by a document served on 19 December 2017, 
sued BMPS before the Luxembourg Court - together with certain additional companies that entered into a 
swap agreement with the Issuer having the FRESH 2008 Securities as underlying - to seek a declaration that 
the Decree 237 is inapplicable to the holders of FRESH 2008 Securities and, consequently, to obtain a ruling 
that: (a) said bonds cannot be forcibly converted into shares; (b) said bonds continue to remain valid and 
effective in accordance with the terms and conditions of their issuance, as governed by Luxembourg law; 
and (c) that BMPS is not entitled, in the absence of the conversion of the FRESH 2008 Securities, to obtain 
from JP Morgan the payment of Euro 49.9 million arising from the execution of the usufruct agreement 
signed by it in the context of the issuance of the Bank's shares against the forced conversion of the FRESH 
2008 Securities.  
In the event of an unfavourable outcome of the aforesaid litigation, the FRESH 2008 Securities will not be 
converted into BMPS shares and, consequently (i) the Bank will not collect the amount of Euro 49.9 million 
resulting from the issuance of the same; (ii) there would also be the non-application, to the issuance of the 
FRESH 2008 Securities, of the Burden Sharing principle and, consequently, the bondholders could request 
to receive the coupon (equal to Euribor 3M+425 basis points on a notional amount of Euro 1 billion) if the 
Bank is in a position to distribute dividends or, as a result of the sale of the stake held by the MEF, a merger 
with another company occurs. In this regard, it should be noted that the Bank has not paid dividends since 
the date of the Burden Sharing and, therefore, any unfavourable outcome of the litigation will only produce 
prospective effects and only in case of dividend distribution. The proceedings as of the date of the Base 
Prospectus are currently suspended pending a ruling by the Italian court; the Bank is carrying out preparatory 
activities for the resumption of the proceedings at the Court of Milan. 
In November 2022 the bondholders’ representative appealed against the judgment of suspension rendered 
by the Luxembourg Court asking to declare that the same District Court of Luxembourg has jurisdiction to 
hear all the claims formulated by the bondholders’ representative and that there is no need to stay the 
proceedings, awaiting decisions of the Italian court. 
For further information in this respect, pleas refer to sub-paragraph “Legal dispute Banca Monte dei Paschi 
di Siena S.p.A. / the holders of FRESH 2008” of the paragraph “Civil Proceedings” in the “Banca Monte dei 
Paschi di Siena S.p.A.” section of this Base Prospectus. 
1.10. 
Risks associated with assignments of impaired loans 
In the Business Plan 2022-2026, non-performing exposure disposals for a total of Euro 2 billion are 
envisaged; as of the date of the Base Prospectus, contracts have already been signed for the disposal of non-
performing exposures for a total gross book value as of 31 March 2022 of Euro 0.9 billion, and the legal 
effectiveness of the relevant transfer has already occurred. In general, the conclusion of transfer transactions 
could lead to the charge to the income statement of higher loan impairments in a significant amount

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
attributable to any differences between the value at which the transferred loans are recorded in the Bank's 
balance sheet and the consideration that market operators specialized in the management of impaired loans 
are willing to offer to purchase them. Given the same expectations of recovery of cash flows obtainable from 
the debtor and/or liquidation procedures, the difference between the book value and the sale consideration 
is in fact influenced by the high rates of return that investors intend to achieve, as well as by the management 
costs (costs of personnel and organizational structures dedicated to recovery activities) that potential buyers 
must cover, factors that, consistently with market practice, are discounted in determining the purchase price 
of the receivables themselves. 
With exclusive reference to the sales of impaired receivables already completed as of the date of the Base 
Prospectus, the Group is also exposed to risks attributable to (a) any potential indemnity obligations to which 
it would be subject if the representations and warranties issued in relation to each portfolio of receivables 
sold turned out to be untrue or incorrect; (b) the risk that the claims already notified to it would be deemed 
well-founded or, in any case, founded to a greater extent than estimated by the same. 
In this regard, it should be noted in particular that as of the date of the Base Prospectus: (i) in relation to 
certain sale transactions, all claims notified to the Bank have not yet been analyzed; (ii) the terms for the 
notification of claims arising from the incorrectness of the representations and warranties of the Issuer have 
not yet expired; (iii) there is uncertainty as to the occurrence of a future and uncertain event that could expose 
the Bank to indemnifications12; and (iv) there is no certainty as to the fate of the claims assessed as unfounded 
by the Issuer (both in the event that such assessment has been rejected by the counterparties and in the event 
that the counterparties have not expressed an opinion in this regard). 
It should be noted that as of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Group has received notifications of disputes 
amounting to Euro 824 million, of which approximately Euro 821 million related to: 
- 
the securitization transaction "Valentine/Crystal" carried out by the Group in December 2017 in 
favour of Siena NPL 2018 S.r.l., in the context of which more than 10,300 claims have been received 
as of 31 July 2021 – i.e. the expiration date of the representations and warranties and the deadline for 
the notification of claims for breach of the same - for a petitum of approximately Euro 711 million. 
As of 30 November 2022, the Group has analyzed 39% of the total number of claims notified, equal 
to 84% of the total petitum, considering as founded only a limited percentage of the claims analyzed. 
With regard to the claims considered unfounded, while on one hand, the Issuer has promptly 
communicated the reasons for which it considers them to be so, on the other hand, Siena NPL 2018 
S.r.l. in its replies has reiterated, for the majority of such claims, the original arguments; 
- 
the Demerger Transaction finalized in fiscal year 2020 concerning Euro 7.2 billion of impaired loans 
and whose deadline for sending claims expired on 1 December 2022;  
In the context of this operation as of 1 December 2022, 230 claims have been notified for a petitum 
of approximately Euro 105 million, of which the Bank has analysed a number equal to 33% of the 
petitum, deeming a minority share to be founded and initiating the negotiating tables necessary for 
the amicable settlement of those considered unfounded; 
- 
the securitisation "Fantino" (as better described below), in the context of which - on 19 October 2022 
– illimity Bank S.p.A. sent to the Issuer an indemnification notice for an indemnity amount of 
approximately Euro 5 million. 
                                                     
12 In particular, in relation to the assignment in favour of Siena NPL 2018 S.r.l. (Pjt. “Valentine/Crystal”), the Bank is exposed to the risk of 
receiving further claims since: (i) in relation to certain receivables in respect of which are pending passive judicial proceedings (listed in a 
specific annex of the relevant receivables transfer agreement), Siena NPL 2018 S.r.l. has the right to notify a claim until the conclusion of the 
afore-mentioned judicial proceedings; and (ii) Siena NPL 2018 S.r.l. has notified, before 31 July 2021 (i.e. the deadline for the notification of 
claims), certain claims having a “preventive” nature (so called “pre-claims”), which could give right to indemnification, also beyond the afore 
mentioned date, upon the occurrence of the future and uncertain event deducted in the relevant pre-claim

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
It is also worth mentioning that the assignment of probable defaults called "Bravo" under which the Group 
is exposed to disputes for a maximum of Euro 9 million arising from a declaration due in July 2023. In this 
regard, it should be noted that as of the date of the Base Prospectus no dispute attributable to this assignment 
has been received. 
Finally, it should be noted that the provisions set aside by the Group for the overall disposal transactions are 
also determined through the use of statistical techniques to take into account the overall expected risk. It 
cannot be ruled out that the provisions set aside by the Group will prove to be insufficient, or with possible 
negative effects on the Bank's and/or Group's economic, equity and/or financial situation. 
In addition, on 4 August 2022, the Group entered into three receivables transfer agreements in relation to a 
portfolio of impaired loans, called "Fantino", for a total gross book value of Euro 0.9 billion. The legal 
transfer and consequent derecognition by the Group of the portfolio has already taken place. The 
representations and warranties set out in the receivables transfer agreements entered into with the 
counterparties to the transaction (i.e., illimity Bank S.p.A., Intrum Holding S.r.l. and AMCO - Asset 
Management Company S.p.A.) expose the Group to the following disbursement risks: 
- 
illimity Bank S.p.A.: maximum outlay amounting to Euro 13.9 million; 
- 
Intrum Holding S.r.l. (through the securitisation vehicle Alicudi SPV S.r.l.): maximum outlay 
amounting to Euro 3.1 million; 
- 
AMCO: maximum outlay amounting to Euro 7.2 million. 
In particular, the representations and warranties given by the banks of the Group have a duration of: (i) with 
regard to the portfolio transferred to illimity Bank S.p.A., 15 months from the transfer of the relevant 
receivables (i.e. 6 November 2022 or 4 December 2022) (with the exception of some limited hypotheses in 
which the term, regardless of the transfer date of the relevant receivable, starts from 4 December 2022); (ii) 
with regard to the portfolio transferred to Intrum, 12 months from the date of the certified e-mail by which 
the Issuer confirms that it has made available the documentation in electronic format; and (iii) with regard 
to the portfolio transferred to AMCO, 18 months from the transfer of the receivables. As a consequence, the 
assignees will have the right to notify claims until the above-mentioned deadlines.  
In this regard, it should be noted that as of the date of the Base Prospectus further disputes to the detriment 
of the Group could emerge from the aforementioned transactions. 
1.11. 
Risks related to the distribution of dividends 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, as provided by 2022 Final SREP Decision, following the successful 
outcome of the Capital Increase for 2.5 billion Euro, the ECB removed the ban on the distribution of 
dividends, replacing it with the obligation for the Bank to obtain prior authorization from the authority of 
supervision. As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Bank is therefore exposed to the risk that, even if it 
achieves the required capital requirements, the supervisory authority will decide not to give the 
aformentioned authorization or that it will still fail to make distributable profits. 
The Issuer was also subject to the limits on the possibility of distributing dividends provided for in Article 
16(a) of Directive 2019/879/EU ("BRRD II"), transposed in Italy by Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 
November 2021 in the event of a violation of the CBR considered in addition to the MREL. The 
Commitments published by the European Commission on 3 October 2022 also prohibited the Bank - 
assuming that no dividend distribution prohibitions set by the ECB or the SRB are already in place - from 
making dividend distributions unless the CET 1 ratio and Total Capital Ratio are higher than the SREP 
guidance provided by the ECB by at least 50 to 100 basis points.

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
In connection with the temporary violation of the CBR, considered in addition to the existing MREL 
requirements, recorded by the Group as of 31 March 2022, by a letter notified on 2 May 2022, the Single 
Resolution Board, pursuant to Article 10(a) of Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament 
and Council of 15 July 2014 (so-called SRM), notified the Bank of its decision regarding the prohibition of: 
- 
distributing dividends; 
- 
paying coupons on AT1 instruments; 
- 
assumption of obligations to pay variable compensation or discretionary retirement benefits or 
payment of variable compensation against commitments made when the combined capital reserve 
requirement was not met (the CBR-MREL violation), beyond the limit of the so-called "M-MDA" 
(Maximum Distributable Amount in relation to MREL); 
As the Bank has restored its compliance with the CBR on top of intermediate MREL and subordination 
requirements expressed in terms of TREA, via the capital increase operation, the SRB communicated the 
Bank that the Decision regarding the prohibition of the above distributions ceases to apply on the date of 7 
December 2022. 
It should be noted that, although the Business Plan 2022-2026 envisages, upon the occurrence of the relevant 
assumptions, the distribution of dividends starting from 2026 (30% pay-out ratio on 2025-2026 results), the 
Issuer may not be able to proceed with the distribution of dividends due to legislative and regulatory 
prohibitions and/or limitations or resulting from measures of the relevant supervisory authorities. 
In this regard, it should be noted that the ECB, in a note published on 23 July 2021, decided not to extend 
beyond 30 September 2021 its recommendation addressed to all banks to limit the distribution of dividends, 
published in order for banks to preserve their capital and preserve their ability to support the economy in the 
context of great uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic (Recommendation ECB/2020/19, most 
recently replaced by Recommendation ECB/2020/62). However, the ECB continues to recommend that 
banks (i) adopt prudence in their decisions on dividends (as well as on share buybacks), carefully considering 
the sustainability of their business model, and (ii) do not underestimate the risk that additional losses may 
later affect the evolution of their capital profile when the support measures come to an end. As of the date 
of the Base Prospectus, however, it is not possible to exclude the risk of events occurring that would result 
in the publication of new recommendations by the supervisory authorities. 
Notwithstanding the above, finally, it cannot be ruled out that, even in the face of distributable operating 
profits, the distribution of dividends to shareholders will not be resolved, thereby having a negative impact 
on the return on investment in the Bank's shares. 
1.12. 
Risks Related to Assumptions and Methodologies for Fair Value Measurement of the Issuer's Assets 
and Liabilities 
The preparation of the financial statements also requires the use of estimates and assumptions that may have 
a significant effect on the amounts recorded in the balance sheet and income statement. In particular, the 
Group is exposed to the risk that changes in the current values recorded at fair value in the financial 
statements as a result of changes in the main factors considered and the subjective assessments used may 
generate potential negative impacts on the Issuer's profitability. 
In line with IFRS 13, which governs fair value measurement rules, the Group classifies assets and liabilities 
carried at fair value in the financial statements, based on a threefold hierarchy that reflects the reliability of 
the inputs used in making valuations.

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
Level 1 fair value assets and liabilities (L1) consist exclusively of financial instruments listed in active 
markets, and as the valuation is made on the basis of market prices (so-called "active markets"), the riskiness 
of the portfolio is typically related to fluctuations in market prices. 
Level 2 (L2) and Level 3 (L3) fair value valuations of assets and liabilities that are not based on market 
quotations require the selection of market information (including interest rates, exchange rates, valuations 
of comparable instruments), if available, and/or the adoption of subjective valuations also based on historical 
experience or internal valuation models, which by their very nature may vary. Changes in the current values 
recorded in the financial statements as a result of changes in the main factors considered and the subjective 
valuations used could generate negative impacts on the Group's profitability. 
The preparation of financial disclosures also requires the use of other estimates and assumptions that can 
have significant effects on the amounts recognized in the balance sheet and income statement. The other 
main instances for which the use of subjective judgements by management is most required are: 
a) 
the quantification of impairment losses on receivables and, in general, other financial assets; 
b) 
the assessment of the appropriateness of the value of equity investments and other non-financial assets 
(goodwill, tangible assets, including the value in use of assets acquired through leasing, and intangible 
assets); 
c) 
the estimate and assumptions on the recoverability of DTAs; 
d) 
the estimation of liabilities arising from defined-benefit corporate pension funds; 
e) 
the quantification of provisions for legal and tax liabilities; and 
f) 
the quantification of the fair value of properties held for investment and properties used in the 
business. 
As anticipated, the measurement of fair value Level 2 and fair value Level 3 involves the use of market 
information, if available, and/or the adoption of subjective assessments, also based on historical experience 
or internal valuation models. Estimates and assumptions may be different from year to year and, therefore, 
it cannot be ruled out that, in subsequent years, the current values recorded in the financial statements may 
change, even significantly, with potential negative impacts on the Group's profitability. 
For more information on the assumptions and methodologies for Fair Value Measurement of the Issuer's 
assets and liabilities, please refer to the 2022 Consolidated Half-Yearly Financial Statements incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
1.13. 
Risks related to the impairment of DTAs 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer is exposed to the risk that the recorded DTAs may in the 
future be subject to partial or full impairment in the financial statements (i) should the Issuer's future 
profitability levels be lower than estimated and insufficient to ensure the reabsorption of DTAs (including 
in view of the possible impacts resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and the conflict in Ukraine), or (ii) 
should significant changes in current tax legislation and related practice occur. As of 30 June 2022, DTAs 
at the Group level amounted to Euro 1,115.3 million (compared to Euro 1,046.4 million as of 31 December 
2021, Euro 1,183.7 million as of 31 December 2020, and Euro 1,809.4 million as of 31 December 2019), of 
which Euro 577.5 million can be converted into a tax credit under Law of 22 December 2011, no. 214 ("Law 
214/2011") (Euro 577.5 million as of 31 December 2021, Euro 760.2 million as of 31 December 2020, and 
Euro 975.9 million as of 31 December 2019). The recognition was made to the extent that the contingent 
DTAs were deemed, under the assumption of continuity of current tax legislation and related practice, 
recoverable (so-called probability test) either because they can be transformed into tax credits pursuant to

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
Law 214/2011 (DTAs with guaranteed recovery), or because they can be offset against the taxes that will be 
due against estimated future taxable income. As a result of the aforementioned probability test as of 30 June 
2022, DTAs amounting to an additional Euro 3,520.7 million are unrecognized. 
With regard to insufficient future taxable income, the risk of impairment would concern only the DTAs that 
cannot be transformed into tax credits (amounting to Euro 537.8 million as of 30 June 2022), since the 
recovery of the transformable DTAs is irrespective of the Issuer's future earning capacity. In the event of 
future regulatory changes, on the other hand, the risk of impairment could affect the total amount of DTAs 
recorded in the financial statements; for example, with reference to the balances recorded in the Issuer's 2022 
Consolidated Half-Yearly Financial Statements as of 30 June 2022, a one-point reduction in the nominal 
IRES rate would result in a partial impairment of the relevant DTAs in the amount of Euro 35.6 million, and 
the possible repeal of IRAP would result in the full cancellation of DTAs referring to this tax in the amount 
of Euro 135.8 million. 
The effects of the aforementioned write-downs (as well as any revaluations) on capital ratios for regulatory 
supervisory purposes would differ depending on the type of DTAs affected, depending on the different 
prudential treatment provided. Specifically: 
- 
with regard to DTAs from tax losses and/or from "ACE" (Aid to Economic Growth under Art. 1 Law 
Decree 201/2011) surpluses, the impact of any write-down on capital ratios would be nil, as this type 
of DTA is deducted in full from regulatory capital (the effect on the income statement would be 
sterilised by the deduction); 
- 
with regard to DTAs that can be transformed into tax credits under Law 214/2011, the impact would 
be high because such DTAs are not negative elements of capital and are included in Risk Weighted 
Assets (RWA) with a 100% weighting (the effect on the income statement would be only partially 
offset by the opposite effect on RWA); and 
- 
with respect to DTAs having a different nature from the previous ones, the impact on capital ratios 
would be nil up to the point at which said DTAs exceed the allowance and relevant for the part 
included in it. 
Finally, it should be noted that any write-down of unrecognized DTAs would have no impact on capital 
ratios. 
In addition, the Issuer is exposed to the risk that unrecognized DTAs could also be subject to partial or total 
write-downs in the future, resulting in the non-existence of the associated latent assets. In particular, they 
could be subject to reduction if significant changes to current tax regulations and related practices occur, as 
well as a result of any denials made by the tax authorities with respect to disapplicative interpellations that 
may be proposed by the Issuer pursuant to current applicable legal provisions in connection with the business 
combination transactions envisaged in the Business Plan 2022-2026. In particular, Articles 172 and 173 of 
the T.U.I.R. provide, inter alia, limitations on the carry-forward of tax losses and "ACE" surpluses (with 
respect to merger and demerger transactions, respectively). In this last regard, moreover, it should be noted 
that the recent clarifications provided by the Agenzia delle Entrate (in Circular No. 31/E of 1 August 2022) 
regarding the carryover of tax positions in demerger transactions, expose the issuer to the risk that DTAs 
potentially bookable on the subjective positions being transferred by MPS Capital Services Banca per le 
Imprese S.p.A. as part of the demerger transaction finalized on 19 November 2020, may be subject to 
impairment in the amount of approximately Euro 4 million. This amount is to be considered non-material, 
however, compared to the amount of DTAs that could potentially be recognized (amounting to Euro 3,520.7 
million).

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
2. 
Risk factors related to the operating activity and the industry in which the Issuer and the Group 
operate 
2.1. 
Risks related to outstanding legal proceedings 
The Group is involved in various capacities in certain legal proceedings (civil, labor, criminal and 
administrative). In particular, the criminal proceedings originate in an extraordinary and exceptional context 
related to the criminal investigations that specifically affected the Issuer in the years 2012, 2013, and from 
2015 until the date of the Base Prospectus. 
As of 30 September 2022, the Group is a party to court proceedings arising from the conduct of its business 
(excluding labour and tax proceedings) with a total petitum, where quantified, of Euro 5.2 billion and out-
of-court claims for a petitum of approximately Euro 2.3 billion, mainly pertaining to claims classified as 
"probable" at risk of losing. 
In light of the foregoing, it cannot be ruled out that any investigative and procedural findings significantly 
different from these estimates, such as the establishment in the future of further significant litigation, could 
- also in light of developments in case law - lead to the need for a revision of the same, resulting in even 
significant risk to the economic, financial and equity situation and prospects of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
It should also be noted that, as of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Group's image is damaged by the 
events related to the judicial proceedings initiated by the Public Prosecutor's Office in the last decade against 
the Bank and certain individuals at the time who were exponents of the same, including the structured finance 
transactions called "Alexandria" and "Santorini" and the real estate reorganization transaction of the Group 
called "Chianti Classico" (please also refer to sub-paragraph ““FRESH 2008”, “Alexandria”, “Santorini”, 
“Chianti Classico” transactions – criminal proceedings before the Courts of Milan (Proceedings no. 
29634/14)” of paragraph “Criminal investigations and proceedings” of “Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena 
S.p.A.” section of this Base Prospectus). Negative perceptions of the Group's image on the part of customers, 
counterparties, shareholders, investors or the competent supervisory authorities could affect the ability of 
BMPS and/or the Group to maintain, or create, new business relationships and continue to access "funding" 
resources, with even significant repercussions for its activities and volume of profits and capital. Such 
negative perception could also result from the possible emergence of new judicial, tax or arbitration 
proceedings against the Issuer and/or the other banks of the Group as well as its employees or exponents or 
from possible administrative sanctions, significant financial losses, regardless of the grounds for the claims 
made. 
In this regard, it should be noted that as part of the analysis carried out on the individual SREP pillars, the 
2021 SREP Decision highlighted among the Bank's weaknesses/points of attention profiles that relate, 
among other things, to operational risk, where legal risk explains most of the exposure. Legal risk is due 
both to past events that have weakened the Group's reputation and to the high number of ongoing lawsuits, 
to which were added insufficient governance and control processes compared to the size and complexity of 
this risk, which was identified by the ECB as higher than the corresponding risk affecting the Bank's 
competitors. The size of the pending proceedings is also identified by the ECB as an obstacle to a merger 
transaction on market terms and may still result in a significant negative impact on the Issuer's future 
profitability. The supervisory authority expects that this exposure will continue to be high in the years ahead 
and that the path to normalizing the Bank's reputation and litigation risk will be a long one. These 
assessments were also confirmed by the supervisory authority in the 2022 Final SREP Decision according 
to which, moreover, while noting the reduction in exposure pursued in 2021 due to the settlement with the 
MPS Foundation and other minor transactions, a new increase in out-of-court claims in the middle part of 
2022 is highlighted due to the initiative of a single company. In addition, the ECB highlights that although 
a possible further reduction in exposure to legal risks may materialize due to the development of one of the 
criminal proceedings in which BMPS is a civil party and in which some former executives are involved, it 
cannot be excluded that new strands of litigation against the Bank may open up, particularly in relation to 
another criminal proceeding concerning alleged irregularities in the accounting of NPLs (please also refer to

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
sub-paragraph “Audits of the 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 interim financial statements in respect of the Non-
performing loans– Proceeding 33714/2016” of paragraph “Criminal investigations and proceedings” of 
“Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.” section of this Base Prospectus). 
2.2. 
Risks related to the administrative liability of legal persons and the possible inadequacy of the 
Issuer's organization and management model pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Bank is involved in four criminal proceedings with respect to 
which the Bank has been charged with liability under Legislative Decree 231/2001, specifically: 
- 
in criminal proceeding no. 955/16, concerning the accounting of the Alexandria and Santorini 
transactions; the Bank's allegation of liability is based on the alleged offences of market manipulation 
and false corporate communications (please also refer to sub-paragraph “Proceedings before the 
Court of Milan no. 955/2016” of paragraph “Criminal investigations and proceedings” of “Banca 
Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.” section of this Base Prospectus); 
- 
in criminal proceeding no.1874/14 before the Court of Forlì attributable to the conduct of some 
employees of the Forlì branch; the contestation of administrative offences under Legislative Decree 
231/2001 is based on the predicate offences of obstructing the exercise of the functions of public 
supervisory authorities, money laundering and transnational criminal association; 
- 
in criminal proceeding No. 429/22 currently before the Court of Siena in relation to the sale of 
investment diamonds under the assumption of the crime of self-laundering; 
- 
in criminal proceeding no. 33714/2016 before the Court of Milan, on 14 December 2022 a request for 
indictment was issued against three former members of the Bank (two chairmen of the board of 
directors and a managing director) and a former executive (responsible for preparing the corporate 
accounting documents); on 12 December 2022 the Bank's position as administrative manager pursuant 
to Model 231 has been eliminated (please also refer to sub-paragraph “Audits of the 2012, 2013, 2014 
and 2015 interim financial statements in respect of the Non-performing loans– Proceeding 
33714/2016” of paragraph “Criminal investigations and proceedings” of “Banca Monte dei Paschi di 
Siena S.p.A.” section of this Base Prospectus). 
In light of the above, BMPS is exposed to the risk of incurring convictions as a responsible party pursuant 
to Legislative Decree 231/2001 with significant negative effects on its economic, financial and equity 
situation as a result. 
The Issuer and the Group are therefore exposed to the risk of incurring penalties arising from any assessment 
of the inadequacy of the models adopted, including the organization, management and control model 
envisaged by the provisions of Legislative Decree 231/2001 and subsequent amendments and additions (the 
"231 Model") and/or from the commission of an offence that provides for the administrative liability of the 
Issuer and the Group pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 as well as pursuant to similar provisions 
applicable in the countries in which the Group operates. 
In this regard, it should be noted that the adoption of the 231 Model does not exclude the applicability of the 
sanctions provided for in Legislative Decree 231/2001 and that the adequacy and suitability of the model to 
prevent the crimes covered by the legislation is ascertained from time to time by the judicial authority called 
who verifies the individual cases of crime. If the 231 Model is not considered adequate by the judicial 
authority, and in the event of an offence, it is not recognized that the Issuer is exempt from liability; a fine 
and confiscation of any price or profit of the offence is foreseen against the Issuer, in addition to publication 
of the conviction and, for more serious cases, the possible application of disqualification sanctions, such as 
disqualification from conducting business, the suspension or revocation of authorizations, licenses or 
concessions, the prohibition to contract with the public administration, the exclusion from facilitations, 
financing, contributions or subsidies and the possible revocation of those already granted as well as, finally,

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
the prohibition to advertise goods and services, with consequent significant negative effects on the activity, 
prospects, reputation as well as the economic, equity and financial situation of the Issuer and the Group. 
2.3. 
Risks related to bancassurance relationships 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Group carries out bancassurance activities on the basis of an 
agreement with the group headed by AXA S.A. concerning the development of activities in the 
bancassurance, life and non-life and supplementary pension business, effective until 2027, the date of natural 
dissolution, unless otherwise agreed between the parties. As of 30 June 2022, the incidence of agreements 
arising from the JVs' bancassurance business with AXA S.A. on the Group's total revenues is approximately 
7.9 percent13. 
The shareholders' agreement originally entered into between MPS Finance Banca Immobiliare S.p.A. (“MPS 
Finance”) (which was later universally succeeded by the Bank) and AXA Mediterranean Holding S.A. 
("AXA MH") with the Bank and AXA S.A. also participating, aimed at regulating the governance of certain 
joint ventures between the two companies, provides that upon the occurrence of certain material events - 
such as change of control, breach of lock-up clauses, natural expiration of the agreement, serious default of 
one of the parties and/or invalidity of the agreement itself - the following rights arise: (a) the right of AXA 
MH to sell to the Bank the shares of AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. and AXA MPS Assicurazioni 
Danni S.p.A. held by AXA MH (the "Put Option") as well as (b) the right of MPS Finance (as of the date 
of the Base Prospectus, the right is of BMPS) to purchase the shares of AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. 
and AXA MPS Assicurazioni Danni S.p.A. held by AXA MH (the "Call Option"). Depending on the 
relevant event that triggers the exercise of the Call Option or the Put Option, it is expected that the sale or 
purchase price of the shares AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. and AXA MPS Assicurazioni Danni S.p.A. 
will vary between 80% and 120% of the value of the shares of the two aforementioned companies, as 
determined by the Bank and AXA MH and/or a team of independent experts. This value of the shares will 
be determined (i) for the life business, taking into consideration the embedded value and goodwill, whereas 
(ii) for the non-life business, using the discounted cash flow methodology. 
Should the relevant framework agreement terminate (as a result of the activation of the Put Option or the 
Call Option arising from the occurrence of one of the relevant events), the Bank would be required to 
purchase the entire share capital of the existing joint ventures with AXA S.A., under the terms and conditions 
described above. The resulting investment is not envisaged under the Business Plan 2022-2026 and, as of 
the date of the Base Prospectus, cannot be quantified, even taking into account existing contractual 
provisions; such an investment could hinder the Bank's ability to pursue the Business Plan 2022-2026's 
capital targets, making it necessary to revise the Business Plan 2022-2026. 
The actual exercise of the Put Option by AXA MH - on the occurrence of one of the relevant events provided 
for in the shareholders' agreement, including the change of control in the Bank resulting from the sale by the 
MEF of the stake held in it - and consequently the obligation of BMPS to purchase the shares of AXA MPS 
Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. and AXA MPS Assicurazioni Danni S.p.A. held by AXA MH could result in even 
significant negative effects on the Bank's and/or the Group's economic, equity and/or financial situation. In 
particular, said purchase transactions could have significant impacts on the Issuer's solvency ratios based on 
the rules in force from time to time relating to the prudential treatment of insurance holdings. 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, there is a risk that any conflicting situations between the parties 
participating in said alliance initiatives could lead, among other things, to operational deadlocks, resulting 
in the Group's inability to pursue the economic benefits derived from them and with possible even significant 
negative effects on the Bank's and/or the Group's activities and economic, equity and/or financial situation. 
                                                     
13 Revenues from the afore-mentioned agreements are included in the reclassified Income Statement items "Net Commissions" and "Dividends, 
Similar Income and Gains (Losses) from Equity Investments.

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
Finally, it should be noted that the agreement in place with AXA MH - having terms and conditions in line 
with market practice for similar transactions - provides for an obligation of indemnification by the Bank in 
the event of a breach of the provisions contained therein up to a maximum limit of 10% of the Life Branch 
Price, with an absolute deductible of Euro 5,000,000, in relation to AMAV and within the maximum limit 
of 10% of the consideration paid by AXA MH for the purchase of ordinary shares representing 50% of the 
capital of AXA MPS Assicurazioni Danni S.p.A., with an absolute deductible of Euro 2,000,000. In this 
regard, it should be noted that although the indemnification obligation relating to the general guarantees 
expired in 2008, as of the date of the Base Prospectus the Bank is exposed to the risk that, in the event of a 
breach of the declarations made in tax, social security, insurance, labour law as well as concerning 
compliance with anti-money laundering, regulatory and supervisory regulations, it will be required to bear 
the charges arising from the aforementioned indemnification obligations. 
2.4. 
Operational risks 
The Group is exposed to operational risk, which consists of the risk of incurring losses resulting from internal 
or external fraud, the inadequacy or improper functioning of business procedures, errors or deficiencies in 
human resources and internal systems, interruptions or malfunctions of services or systems, errors or 
omissions in the provision of services offered, or exogenous events. 
The Group determines the capital requirement for operational risk using the advanced method (Advanced 
Measurement Approach) for major Group companies and the basic method (Base Indicator Approach) for 
smaller subsidiaries. Operational loss events to which the Group is exposed fall into the following regulatory 
categories: 
- 
internal fraud; 
- 
external fraud; 
- 
labour relations; 
- 
business practices; 
- 
property damage; 
- 
IT systems; and 
- 
process execution. 
Within the operational risks there are risks of incurring economic, reputational and market share losses in 
connection with the use of information and communication technology. Types of information technology 
risks include: 
- 
risks related to malfunctions, errors, deficiencies and environmental events, which may compromise 
the availability and integrity of data and systems, the continuity of business processes, or the 
implementation of evolutions and changes on systems; 
- 
cyber (or cybersecurity) risks related to the success of external attacks or malicious activities of 
internal parties, which may compromise the confidentiality, integrity and authenticity of corporate 
data and information, and the continuity of services provided; and 
- 
risks related to the use of IT services/systems provided by third parties. The main factors of exposure 
to IT risk concern:

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
- 
the continuous evolution and sophistication of the cyber threat, also fueled by geopolitical tensions at 
the international level; 
- 
the expansion of the attack surface, related to the digitization of services and business processes, and 
the transformation of the corporate information system into a "technology hub," with the increasing 
use of outsourcing and cloud solutions; and 
- 
the need to achieve business objectives through the implementation of digital transformation and data 
enhancement plans from a business perspective. 
The ECB, in the 2021 SREP Decision, stressed the need to strengthen cyber risk prevention and mitigation 
processes with a view to minimizing the risk of the occurrence of major cyber incidents. In the 2022 Final 
SREP Decision, the ECB acknowledged the implementation of the remedial actions defined by the 
supervisory authority, but considers that the IT risk is still high, with areas of focus in organizational 
structure, implementation of technical solutions, assertiveness of control functions, and in general IT risk 
culture, considering the high exposure to cybersecurity, availability and continuity risks of IT resources and 
outsourcing risks. In addition, the low quality of IT and data quality operational management controls is 
highlighted. 
The ECB also stressed the relevance of the tightness of anti-money laundering safeguards to operational risk, 
considering that during the pandemic period, partly due to repeated lockdowns, the reduction in customer 
contacts slowed down the improvement actions implemented by the Bank. 
Finally, the ECB, again as part of the 2021 SREP Decision, considered the Bank's governance and risk sphere 
system to be improvable, highlighting the need to strengthen certain compliance, internal audit and data 
quality processes. In particular, the ECB requested the extension of the compliance function's activities to 
all regulated areas of the Bank and its systematic involvement in the decision-making process of the Board 
of Directors, while for the internal audit function it called for some additions to the methodology used in 
carrying out audits of the branch network and general management structures. As of the date of the Base 
Prospectus, the relevant remedial actions have been completed and are being applied. In the 2022 Final SREP 
Decision, the ECB acknowledged the implementation of these remedial actions from an organisational and 
methodological point of view, but points out that, to be fully effective, processes and behaviours must also 
improve in the same way; therefore, there is a risk that the supervisory authority may not consider them 
satisfactory, requiring further remedial actions, resulting in significant adverse effects on the Bank's business 
and capital and/or financial position of the Bank and/or the Group. Furthermore, in the 2022 Final SREP 
Decision, the ECB highlighted weaknesses in the governance of IT infrastructure, data aggregation and 
reporting, which need to be significantly improved in light of the low capacity to produce necessary 
information in a timely and effective manner. 
Should the operational risk management processes prove to be inadequate, the Issuer and the Group could 
be exposed to unforeseen risks, including due to unforeseeable events wholly or partially beyond the control 
of the Issuer or the Group, resulting in the possibility of incurring losses, including significant losses, and 
potentially detrimental effects on the Group's economic, asset and/or financial position. 
2.5. 
Market risks 
The Group is exposed to market risk represented by potential losses in the value of financial instruments 
held by the Issuer, including securities of sovereign states, as a result of movements in market variables 
(such as, by way of example, interest rates, credit spreads, share prices, exchange rates, inflation levels) or 
other factors, which could generate a deterioration in the Issuer's and/or the Group's capital strength, both 
with regard to the trading portfolio (c. so-called "trading book"), and with regard to the portion of the banking 
portfolio (so-called "banking book") subject to market risks.

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
The Issuer quantifies this type of risk through the use of a "Value to Risk" measure (the "VaR"); with 
reference to the trading book as of 30 June 2022, the VaR at the 99% is approximately of Euro 5.14 million 
at the Group level (approximately Euro 3.38 million as of 31 December 2021, Euro 5.24 million as of 31 
December 2020 and Euro 8.72 million as of 31 December 2019). 
The Group believes that it is particularly exposed to market risks, both with reference to external elements 
(the potential volatility of underlying risk factors) and to internal factors related, for example, to the VaR 
methodology used to estimate unexpected losses related to the overall trading and banking book portfolio. 
Banking portfolios, in particular, represent the main component of the Group's market in terms of internal 
capital, mainly attributable to BMPS' exposure to debt securities, concentrated on the component of Italian 
government securities measured at amortized cost (i.e., positions in amortizing cost (AC)). 
With regard to the trading book, the market risk, measured in terms of VaR, is lower than in the past and 
stems from liquidity providing/market making activities in the markets concerned, from trading with 
customers with a related risk taking activity, from offering products and services for corporate and 
institutional customers (bancassurance products, hedging derivatives, structured bonds and certificates) with 
active risk management from a risk warehousing perspective, and from the Bank's treasury hedging activities 
for customer service transactions. The short/medium-term proprietary trading component is insignificant, 
limited to liquid instruments with low transaction costs. 
As anticipated, market risk could be generated by changes in the general performance of the economy and 
national and international financial markets, monetary and fiscal policies, market liquidity on a global scale, 
availability and cost of capital, interventions by rating agencies, political events at both local and 
international levels, war and acts of terrorism, and the spread of epidemics that impact public health and the 
economy. In the current context, this risk may also manifest itself as a result of the global increase in inflation 
and commodity prices in the face of, among other things, the continuation of hostilities in Ukraine, as well 
as the further expected increase in interest rates that may be implemented by the ECB, which is already 
evident in market expectations as of the first quarter of the year. 
Finally, it should be noted that as part of the analysis carried out on the individual SREP pillars, the 2021 
SREP Decision highlighted, among the Bank's weakness, profiles/points of attention that related, among 
other things, to market risk, in relation to the Bank's significant exposure to government bonds. In the 2022 
Final SREP Decision, while acknowledging the reduction in the risk profile on Italian government bonds 
implemented by the Bank, the ECB continued to highlight this element as a significant risk factor in light of 
the significant volatility of the BTP credit spread. 
2.6. 
Risks related to supervisory authority investigations 
Since the Issuer carries out banking activities and provides investment services, it is subject to extensive 
regulation and supervision by, among others, the ECB, Bank of Italy, and Consob, each for the aspects under 
its jurisdiction. In particular, as of the date of the Base Prospectus, inspections of the Bank by Consob and 
the ECB are ongoing. 
In particular, as of 4 November 2014, the Single Supervisory Mechanism (the "SSM") was launched, which 
includes the ECB and the competent national authorities of the participating member states, including the 
Bank of Italy, and is responsible for the prudential supervision of all "significant" credit institutions in the 
participating member states. As of that date, therefore, BMPS as a "significant" bank is subject to the direct 
supervision of the ECB, which exercises its powers in close cooperation with the national supervisory 
authorities (in Italy, the Bank of Italy, which has retained supervisory powers over the Issuer, in accordance 
with the rules of the Consolidated Finance Act). In the exercise of their supervisory powers, the ECB and 
the Bank of Italy subject the Issuer to various ordinary and extraordinary inspection and/or verification 
activities on a periodic basis in order to carry out their prudential supervisory tasks. Regarding verification 
activities in particular, reference is made to those with a system-wide scope of investigation ("Thematic

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
Review") or those related to the management of internal risk models for the purpose of calculating capital 
requirements. The aforementioned inspection and/or verification activities feed into the annual prudential 
review and assessment process, the purpose of which is to ascertain that the credit institution is equipped 
with appropriate capital and organizational safeguards with respect to the risks assumed, ensuring the overall 
management balance. 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the following assessment procedures are still open, pending the final 
outcome: 
(i) 
Consob inspection activity, initiated on 3 May 2022, aimed at ascertaining the state of compliance 
with the new regulations resulting from the transposition of MiFID II with regard to the following 
profiles: (1) the procedural structures defined in terms of product governance; (2) the procedures for 
assessing the adequacy of transactions carried out on behalf of clients; 
(ii) 
inspection activity on internal models - Internal Model Investigation by the European Central Bank 
initiated in February 2022. As a result of these proceedings, whose decision is expected during the 
first quarter of 2023, the Group is in particular exposed to the risk that additional obligations in terms 
of RWA will be determined, with consequent implications, ceteris paribus, for the Bank's capital 
ratios; 
(iii) 
credit and counterparty risk inspection activities initiated by the European Central Bank in April 2022. 
The outcome of these proceedings could lead to a revision of the classification criteria and, 
consequently, provisions on the portfolios under inspection with consequent negative impacts on the 
Group's capital. 
For further information on the assessment procedures on the Issuer please refer to sub-section “ECB/Bank 
of Italy and Consob inspections during the period 2015-2022” under section “Banca Monte dei Paschi di 
Siena S.p.A.” of the Base Prospectus.  
In light of the foregoing, the Group is exposed to the risk that as a result of the aforementioned inspections, 
procedural deficiencies may emerge that could imply the need to take organizational actions and reinforce 
safeguards aimed at addressing these deficiencies. Any inadequacy of the corrective actions and remedial 
plans undertaken by the Bank to implement any recommendations made by the supervisory authorities could 
lead to significant negative effects on the Group's economic, equity and/or financial situation and possible 
sanction proceedings, including those of an interdictory nature, with consequent reputational repercussions. 
Specifically, in relation to on-site inspections, failure to comply with the implementation of remedial actions 
within the required timeframe exposes the Bank to the risk of a negative assessment by the Authority, which 
may incorporate such a judgment as part of the broader annual SREP assessment process, even applying 
specific requirements to achieve the target set, if necessary. In relation to internal models inspections, failure 
to comply with findings requirements exposes the Bank to the risk of sanctions, limitations and/or RWA 
add-on requests. 
Such remedial actions, where not formally accepted by the ECB, are not final in nature, and could therefore 
be subject to future requests for review by the supervisory authority. 
Finally, it should be noted that in the context of the 2021 SREP Decision, the ECB highlighted - inter alia - 
the need for the Bank to (a) improve processes and practices related to the formulation of authorization 
petitions to the ECB itself, with reference, in particular, to the assessment of suitability of corporate officers 
and amendments to the by-laws, and (b) strengthen the oversight of the compliance function towards certain 
business processes, such as authorization petitions to the ECB and resolutions of the Board of Directors. The 
relevant remedial actions have been completed and represented to the ECB, which is assessing the content 
and the effectiveness of these remedial actions.

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
2.7. 
Risks related to the speculative rating assigned to the Issuer and its debt 
The Issuer and its debt are subject to ratings by Moody's Investors Service (“Moody's”), Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited (“Fitch”), and DBRS Morningstar (“DBRS”, and together with Moody’s and Fitch, the 
“Agencies”), which, as of the date of the Base Prospectus, have assigned ratings to the Issuer that fall into 
the non-investment grade category, which is characterised by an accentuated risk profile and includes debt 
securities that are particularly exposed to adverse economic, financial, and sectoral conditions. Specifically, 
the ratings assigned and are: 
(i) 
for Fitch: b+ (Viability Rating), BB- (Long-term Deposit Rating), B+ (Long-term Senior Debt Rating) 
and B (Short-term Deposit Rating) as per the latest Rating action dated 24 November 2022. The 
outlook is classed as "stable". According to the rating agency Fitch, the upgrade occurred in the latest 
Rating action reflects the Bank’s strengthened capitalisation following the capital increase which 
restored adequate capital buffers over regulatory requirements and gives the Bank the necessary 
resources to complete its restructuring plan, including crucial cost cuts and investments. The upgrade 
also considers a reduced stock of impaired loans and lower capital encumbrance by the unreserved 
portion since MPS asset-quality clean-up. The rating agency Fitch expects the cost reductions, in 
combination with rising interest rates, to lead to higher and more sustainable profitability and more 
than offset the impact from expected deterioration in the operating environment in Italy in 2023; 
(ii) 
for Moody's: b3 (standalone Baseline Credit Assessment), B1 (long-term deposit rating) and Caa1 
(long-term senior debt rating), NP (short-term deposit rating), as per the latest rating action dated 17 
March 2022. The outlook is stable. According to Moody's, the rating reflects weakness in the business 
network, capital position, and profitability albeit with improvements realized in the last period; the 
bank's performance remains volatile and subject to losses that can erode capital. In addition, the cost 
structure remains higher than other Italian banks; 
(iii) 
for DBRS: B (high) (Intrinsic Assessment), BB(low) (long-term deposit rating) and B (high) (long-
term senior debt rating), R-4 (short-term deposit rating) as per the latest rating action dated 15 June 
2022. The outlook is qualified as "stable." According to the rating agency DBRS, the ratings reflect 
weakness and volatility in profitability, despite a return to profit in 2021; however, due to the 
significant de-risking achieved in recent years, pressures from the cost of risk have decreased. The 
ratings also reflect low capital levels. 
It should be noted that the aforementioned agencies consider the Group's capitalization levels to be 
vulnerable to possible impacts arising from the macroeconomic environment; impacts that the rating 
agencies indicated could be exacerbated by already weak profitability and difficulties in restoring full 
commercial capacity in the market. 
In determining the rating assigned to the Issuer, the rating agencies consider and examine various indicators 
of the Group's performance, and in particular the results of the commercial network, the Bank's profitability, 
cost structure, capital levels, asset quality, legal risks, funding and liquidity. 
The main factors that may lead to a possible rating downgrade are: 
- a failure to implement the Bank's new strategy envisaged in the Business Plan 2022-2026, with a focus on 
both profitability levels and its sustainability over time; and 
- a deterioration in asset quality above rating agencies’ expectations, large unexpected cost items such as 
from pending legal claims or the restructuring. 
Should the Issuer experience a deterioration (so-called downgrading) in the ratings assigned by the agencies, 
there could be a greater burden in raising financing, less easy recourse to the capital market and, more 
generally, potential negative repercussions for the Group's liquidity.

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
The Issuer's rating may also be affected by the rating of the Italian State which, as of the date of the Base 
Prospectus, is Baa3 for Moody's with a negative outlook, BBB for S&P with a stable outlook, BBB for Fitch 
with a stable outlook, and BBBh for DBRS with a stable outlook. Any significant downgrade in Italy's 
sovereign rating could adversely affect the Issuer's ratings, with consequent negative effects on the Bank's 
and/or the Group's business and economic, capital, and/or financial position. 
2.8. 
Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book (IRRBB) 
The Group is exposed to interest rate trends in the markets in which it operates, changes in which (both 
positive and negative) can have a negative impact on the value of the Group's assets and liabilities and on 
net interest income. As part of the analysis carried out on the individual SREP pillars, the 2021 SREP 
Decision highlighted some of the Bank's weaknesses/points of attention profiles that related to the interest 
rate risk of the banking book, highlighting the need to improve the effectiveness of the measurement system 
(in fact, the Bank should not only include in the measurement the impact of a movement in rates on net 
interest income, but also on instruments held on the balance sheet whose value impacts the income statement 
or directly on equity), ex-ante assessment and ex-post reporting. This weakness could reduce the 
effectiveness of the Bank's internal control system and thus the Board's ability to effectively guide the 
Group's positioning with respect to rate curve movements, with possible negative effects on the income 
statement and thus also on the Issuer's capital position. This assessment was reiterated in the 2022 Final 
SREP Decision. It should be noted that the point has been addressed by the Bank throughout 2022. 
The banking book identifies all the Group's commercial operations related to the maturity transformation of 
balance sheet assets and liabilities, treasury, foreign branches, and reference hedging derivatives. The Group 
is exposed to interest rate trends in the markets in which it operates, changes in which (both positive and 
negative) can have an impact on the value of the Group's assets and liabilities and on net interest income. In 
turn, interest rate trends are driven by a number of factors outside the Group's control, such as monetary 
policies, macroeconomic trends, and political conditions in the relevant countries. In addition, consider that 
the results of banking and financing operations also depend on the management of the Group's exposure to 
interest rates. 
The banking book's interest rate risk measurements are mainly based on the exposure to interest rate risk for 
a change in the interest margin (short-term perspective) and economic value (long-term perspective) of assets 
and liabilities in the banking book, applying both parallel shifts, of varying magnitude, to all rate curves and 
non-parallel shifts in rate curves.  
2.9. 
Risks related to the impact of current uncertainties in the macroeconomic, financial and political 
environment on the performance of the Issuer and the Group 
The economic results of the Issuer and the Group companies, in view of their activities, are significantly 
influenced by the dynamics of the financial markets as well as by the macroeconomic environment (with 
particular regard to growth prospects) of Italy. In particular, the national and global macroeconomic 
framework is marked by significant profiles of uncertainty, including of the economic fallout from the 
conflict affecting Ukraine and Russia, especially in terms of price dynamics, monetary and economic policy 
responses to high inflation, growing geopolitical tensions, the possible impacts and developments of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. With particular reference to the aforementioned war conflict, in addition to the 
plausible return to a scenario characterized by power blocs with negative effects on trade exchanges and the 
possibility of conflict escalation on a global scale, the war and sanctions imposed on the Russian Federation 
impact international price dynamics. 
Indeed, the Russian Federation emerges as the main supplier of gas to Europe and Italy. The continuation of 
the aforementioned hostilities has therefore generated an increase in energy costs with a consequent increase 
in costs and financial requirements at the head of industrial companies. Despite government efforts to 
preserve households and companies from high energy costs, the persistence of this scenario over time could 
jeopardize the companies that could be impacted by the trend in the prices and availability of energy and

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
raw materials (identified by the Group in companies belonging to the transport and logistics, refining and 
wholesale of fuels and fuels, those related to electric power, plus some specific production chains such as 
wool and milling industries, cold processing of steel, and production and processing of chemical fibres). As 
of 30 June 2022, the Group has a portfolio of credit exposures to such potentially impacted companies equal 
to less than Euro 2 billion. 
From a financial perspective, it also cannot be ruled out that the continuation of sanctions will push Russia 
into default on foreign debt, increasing instability in international markets. 
The global macroeconomic picture is also affected by uncertainty about: (a) the magnitude of the monetary 
policy thighetening conducted by the authorities and the spillover effects of a restrictive policy on the global 
economic and financial system; (b) an announcement of EU fiscal policies that may return to a less 
expansionary stance in the medium term with risk of political fragmentation in Europe; (c) geopolitical 
tensions between the U.S. and China; and (d) a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic emergency expecially 
in China that would afflict supply in many global supply chains. 
With reference to the COVID-19 pandemic emergency, despite the fact that the Italian government lifted the 
state of emergency on 31 March 2022, the risk cannot be ruled out, albeit significantly reduced, that new 
variants of the virus will lead to a resurgence of the pandemic, with new repercussions on the national 
economic cycle, while at the international level limitating supply in many global supply chains. 
There are also specific risks related to the Italian financial and political situation and the implementation of 
the National Recovery and Resilience Plan that, in a context of a gradual withdrawal of monetary stimulus, 
affects investors' perception of country risk by being reflected in a high yield differential between the Italian 
10-year and the German bund. 
Should these risks lead to a stagnation or recessionary trend in the Italian economy in the short to medium 
term, this could adversely affect the dynamics of the main banking aggregates and the specific impacts on 
the Bank's and Group's economic, financial and capital position could be significant. In particular, a 
contraction in demand for credit could manifest itself for the banking sector, with a decrease in customer 
deposits mainly with reference to companies, a slowdown in ordinary banking activity, a deterioration of the 
loan portfolio with a concomitant increase in the stock of impaired loans and insolvency situations, decrease 
in the value of assets due to the decrease in stock and bond prices, deterioration of revenues and increase in 
loan adjustments, with negative effects on the Group's activities and economic, financial and equity position. 
In this context, it notes, in particular, the possibility that the economic slowdown will lead to a deterioration 
in the quality of the loan portfolio, with a consequent increase in the incidence of non-performing loans and 
the need to increase provisions in the income statement; there is also the possibility of a negative impact on 
the Group's ability to generate revenues, due to the weakening of demand for both financing and investment 
services and products from customers. 
This recessionary scenario would also have negative impacts on: (i) commissions, with negative effects due 
to the volatility of financial markets, which are reflected in securities prices and on the contribution from 
indirect deposits, operations and products placed; (ii) net interest income, which, in addition to the reduction 
in intermediated volumes, would suffer a higher cost of "funding"; the result of securities portfolio 
management activities due to the aforementioned volatility of financial markets; and (iii) the fair value 
measurements of financial assets and liabilities, due to their lower market value. 
It should be borne in mind that the Business Plan 2022-2026, approved by the Board of Directors on 22 June 
2022, considers a macroeconomic scenario that is consistent, in terms of Italian economic growth, with the 
estimates of the main national and international institutions (e.g., ECB, Bank of Italy, Istat) available at the 
date of approval of the Business Plan 2022-2026; however, it cannot be excluded that the evolution of the 
main phenomena that characterize the current macroeconomic context will produce significant deviations 
from the assumptions of the Business Plan 2022-2026 considered valid at the date of the Base Prospectus, 
with significant negative impacts on the achievement of the expected sustainable profitability.

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
For further information with respect to the risks described in this paragraph please also see the sections 
“Reference context”, “Russia – Ukraine Conflict” and “COVID-19” of the Consolidated Interim Report as 
at 30 September 2022. 
2.10. 
Counterparty Risks 
As part of its operations, the Group trades derivative contracts on a wide variety of underlyings, such as 
interest rates, foreign exchange rates, prices in equity indices, commodity derivatives, and credit rights both 
with counterparties in the financial services sector, commercial banks, government departments, financial 
and insurance companies, investment banks, funds, and other institutional clients, and with non-institutional 
clients. 
The Group, as required by supervisory regulations, for the purpose of measuring counterparty risk exposure, 
uses, from June 2021, in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (the "CRR II"), the 
Standardized Approach for Counterparty Credit Risk (SA CCR) method for the determination of Exposure 
at Default (EAD) for all transactions in Over the Counter (OTC) derivatives, Exchange Traded Derivatives 
(ETD) and LST, and the comprehensive method as defined by Regulation (EU) 2013/275 for the 
determination of EAD for SFT transactions. For the purpose of mitigating the value of EADs, Credit Risk 
Mitigation techniques (i.e. netting agreement, collateral agreement) are widely used in the Group, in 
compliance with the requirements set by current regulations. The Group also oversees the counterparty risk 
associated with derivative and repo transactions through the definition of guidelines and policies for 
management, measurement and monitoring differentiated according to counterparty characteristics. These 
policies ensure that the counterparty risk measurement system, in relation to the definition of the calculation 
methodology, production and analysis of EAD measures, is integrated into business processes, with exposure 
levels subject to daily monitoring by the control functions and presiding over specific limits, defined and 
deliberated by the Bank for derivative and SFT positions. The above contributes to maintaining counterparty 
risks at low levels, resulting in the Issuer's estimate of low materiality. Operations with financial institutions 
are almost entirely assisted by netting contracts with collateral exchange. With regard to operations with 
ordinary customers, the process is based on the distinction of roles and responsibilities between the different 
entities of the Group. Derivatives operations with customers involve the centralization of the product factory 
and market risk oversight in the subsidiary MPS Capital Services, with allocation, management and oversight 
of counterparty credit risk to customers in the Group's banks. 
In light of the above, the Group is exposed to the risk of default by its counterparties to derivative contracts, 
or that they become insolvent before the maturity of the relevant contract. This risk, which has been 
exacerbated as a result of the volatility of financial markets, may also arise in the presence of collateral, 
when any such collateral provided by the counterparty in favor of the Bank, or other Group company, against 
derivative exposures is not realized or settled at a value sufficient to cover the exposure with respect to the 
relevant counterparty. 
2.11. 
Risks related to the purchase and use of Superbonus/Ecobonus/Sismabonus tax credits  
The Bank is exposed to the risk of non-recoverability of tax credits acquired for transactions under Article 
121, of Decree Law No. 34/2020. As of 30 June 2022, the nominal amount of the acquired credits present in 
the balance sheet assets is Euro 460.5 million. As of the same date, the aforementioned receivables have 
already been offset, under the conditions of the law, in the amount of Euro 62.3 million; the remaining 
amount recorded in the assets (Euro 398.2 million) will be subject to recovery in subsequent annual 
instalments (up to a maximum of ten annual instalments). 
Pursuant to Article 121 of Decree Law No. 34/2020 ("Urgent measures on health, support for labor and the 
economy, as well as social policies related to the epidemiological emergency from COVID-19"), the Issuer 
purchased tax credits arising from transactions related to interventions in the construction sector (so-called 
superbonus, ecobonus, sismabonus, bonus facciate, etc.). Purchased tax credits must be used to offset 
payments of taxes and contributions due (the so-called "Tax Capacity"), within deadlines established by law,

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
or transferred to third parties in time for use by the transferees. Failure to use or transfer within the terms 
results in a loss equal to the value not used or not transferred. Without prejudice to the controls imposed by 
the regulations and the rigorous preliminary verifications aimed at ascertaining the existence of all the 
requirements prescribed by law for the regular accrual of credits in the hands of taxpayers that the Issuer 
carries out as part of the credit acquisition process, in the event that the tax authorities challenge the Issuer 
for "complicity" in any violations put in place by the taxpayers from which the acquired credits originate, 
the same would be subject to administrative sanctions, as well as joint and several liability for the payment 
of taxes and interest with the taxpayer. 
It should be noted that if, for any reason, (i) significant changes in the current tax legislation were to occur 
or (ii) the payments on which to offset were less than the amount of the credits acquired, and the credits 
acquired in excess of the offsetting capacity (Tax Capacity) were not sold to third parties in a timely manner 
or (iii) co-responsibility emerged with respect to violations committed by taxpayers, or, again, (iv) credits 
were purchased despite the fact that there are situations for which the conditions set forth in Art. 35 
("obligation to report suspicious transactions") and 42 ("abstention") of Legislative Decree 231/2007 apply, 
the unrecovered value of the purchased receivables would have to be charged to loss, with negative effects 
on the Issuer's economic, asset and/or financial situation. The Bank has identified a non-significant amount 
of the aforementioned purchased receivables (amounting to Euro 1.7 million) that could result from 
suspicious transactions and, therefore, this amount of the receivable cannot be used, constituting an 
unrecoverable loss. 
With reference to the risk that the tax authorities may challenge the Issuer for "aiding and abetting" any 
violations put in place by the taxpayers from which the purchased receivables originate, it should be noted 
that certain clarifications recently provided by the Revenue Agency (in Circular No. 23/E of 23 June 2022 
and better clarified by Circular No. 33/E of 6 October 2022) in terms of the declination of "complicity in the 
violation" by the transferee of receivables, which have been widely criticized by sector operators, the trade 
associations that represent them and the most authoritative doctrine, could lead to an aggravation of said 
risk, despite the adoption in the Issuer's operations of rigorous document verification processes. 
2.12. 
Risks related to transactions with related parties 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries have entered into transactions and have various kinds of relationships with 
related parties. As of 30 June 2022, the incidence of transactions with related parties in relation to balance 
sheet items was 14.5% of asset items and 2.4% of liability items almost entirely attributable to transactions 
concluded with the MEF - mainly related to the purchase of government bonds - and the latter’s its 
subsidiaries and/or associates. 
Transactions with related parties present the typical risks associated with transactions that take place between 
parties whose ownership or otherwise proximity to the Issuer and/or its decision-making structures could 
compromise the objectivity and impartiality of decisions on such transactions. 
Although the Group continuously applies the safeguards aimed at managing conflicts of interest provided 
for in the Bank's Procedure for Related Party Transactions, there is, however, no certainty that, if such 
transactions had been concluded with third parties, the latter would have negotiated and entered into the 
relevant contracts, or executed the same transactions, under the same conditions and in the same manner. 
2.13. 
Risks related to the territorial concentration of the Group's activities 
As of 30 September 2022, BMPS's commercial network is present throughout the country and divided into 
five territorial areas; due to presidium and historicity, one of the five areas coincides with the region of 
Tuscany, from which it takes its name, while the other four areas appear to cover a wider territory represented 
on average by four to five Italian regions.

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
The operations of BMPS's commercial network show a concentration of branches and volumes of deposits 
and loans in the Tuscan territorial area, with average incidences fluctuating in a range between 21% and 
27%, on average higher than the other territorial areas of about 20%. Similarly, the Group's distribution 
network is strongly rooted in the reference territories, as is also evident from the market shares in Tuscany 
of loans (14.91% compared to 4.35% of all of total Italy as of 30 June 2022) and deposits (13.72% compared 
to 3.59% of all of total Italy as of 30 June 2022). 
There is therefore a potential risk that any change for the worse in the economic picture of the Tuscany 
region, in partial or total misalignment with the general national picture, could generate negative economic, 
financial and capital repercussions for the Group. 
In the face of this risk, it is particularly important for the Group to constantly monitor economic trends, in 
order to catch any signs of deterioration referring to specific territories, and to diversify its activities across 
the various economic sectors, with particular regard to those with corporate customers and lending as 
counterparts. 
In light of the above, it cannot be ruled out that the specific regional context may change and deteriorate, 
even in relative terms compared to the trend of the national economy, with possible negative effects on the 
Group's activities and economic, equity and/or financial situation. 
Among the important events that occurred after 30 September 2022, starting from 28 November 2022, the 
layout of the commercial structures of Territorial Network was affected by a reorganization that, in summary, 
entailed: 
- 
the creation of 14 “Direzioni Territoriali Retail”, reporting to the Chief Commercial Officer Retail, 
in turn divided into 132 Districts each of which coordinates the commercial activities of about 10 
branches; 
- 
the creation of 14 “Direzioni Territoriali Imprese e Private”, reporting to the Chief Commercial 
Officer Imprese e Private, with the follow-up of 127 Specialist Centres, of which 73 Business Centres 
and 54 Private/Family Office Centres. 
The new organizational model of the commercial structures of the Territorial Network reduces the 
organizational levels, with the aim of simplifying and speeding up decision-making processes and, at the 
same time, strengthening the territorial garrison. 
The credit supply chain is also reorganised in line with the restructuring of the commercial chain. In fact, 14 
“Direzioni Credito Territoriali Retail” and 14 “Direzioni Credito Territoriali Imprese” are set up, 
respectively, of the Retail Lending Department and the Corporate Lending Department. 
2.14. 
Risks related to Sanctioned Countries  
The Issuer and the Group have customers and partners who are located in various countries around the world. 
Some of these countries are, or may become, subject to comprehensive country-wide or territory-wide 
sanctions issued by the United States of America, the European Union and/or the United Nations 
(“Sanctioned Countries”). Such sanctions may limit the ability of the Issuer and/or the Group to continue 
operating with such customers and partners in the future.  
In particular, since January 2016, the Bank has undertaken and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
continues to undertake minor commercial transactions involving a limited number of private and state-owned 
banks having registered addresses in Iran, Cuba and Syria. Such commercial transactions have all been, and 
are, carried out in full compliance with all sanction laws applicable to the Bank and the Bank’s internal 
sanctions-related policies and procedures for the purpose of supporting the Bank’s selected Italian customers. 
Neither the Bank nor the Group maintains any physical presence in Iran, Cuba and/or Syria, and the Bank’s

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
existing activities as described above are undertaken solely through the use of correspondent banking 
relationships. The Bank and/or the Group do not otherwise conduct any other material business with any 
such sanctioned person or entity. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is also not expected that this 
position will materially change moving forward. 
All of the activities described in the preceding paragraph have been, and are, conducted in compliance with 
all laws applicable to the Bank, and are not believed to have caused any person to violate any sanctions or 
the Blocking Statute (as defined below). Nor are they expected to result in the Bank and/or any member of 
the Group themselves becoming subject to such sanctions. However, following the unilateral decision of the 
United States to exit the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (“JCPOA”), the agreement originally entered 
into between, amongst others, Iran, the US and EU, and following the imposition of renewed extraterritorial 
US sanctions which were suspended pursuant to the JCPOA, there may be prejudicial effects on these 
operations as well as on the reputation of the Issuer and/or the Group. In particular, to mitigate against the 
impact of the renewed US sanctions on Iran, the European Commission updated Council Regulation (EC) 
No 2271/96 of 22 November 1996 (the “Blocking Statute”). The Blocking Statute prohibits EU entities 
from complying with the extraterritorial US sanctions on Iran and Cuba. Actual or alleged violations of 
existing or future European, US or other international sanctions (including the Blocking Statute) could result 
in negative impacts on the capital, financial and economic situation of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Furthermore, following the large-scale invasion of Ukraine launched by the Russian Federation on 24 
February 2022, NATO and other countries have implemented unprecedented financial and economic 
sanctions and export controls against Russia in response to the invasion of Ukraine, and are likely to impose 
additional ones, against certain Russian organisations and/or individuals (the “New Russian Sanctions”). 
The New Russian Sanctions constrain in various manners transactions with certain Russian entities and 
individuals, transactions in Russian sovereign debt and investment, trade and financing. The scope and scale 
of the New Russian Sanctions and voluntary actions by companies remain subject to rapid and unpredictable 
change and may have considerable negative impacts on global macroeconmic conditions and European 
economies and counterparties. At present, it is difficult to ascertain how long the conflict between Russia 
and Ukraine may last, or how severe its impacts may become. The Group operates in compliance with the 
sanctions regime imposed on the Russian Federation since 2014, constantly adapting its operations to the 
international regulatory development on sanctions, including the New Russian Sanctions. Since February 
2022, the operations of the Group in Russia have drastically decreased and are likely to further reduce should 
the New Russian Sanctions on the Russian Federation be maintained or other forms be implemented.  
The Groups’ ability to engage in activity with certain custormers and institutional businesses in the above 
mentioned Sanctioned Countries or involving certain businesses and customers in these countries, is 
dependent in part upon whether such engagements are restricted under any current or future new sanctions 
and may be discontinued in light of any developments. 
For further information with respect to the risks deriving from the Russo-Ukrainian war, please also see the 
section “Russia – Ukraine Conflict” of the Consolidated Interim Report as at 30 September 2022. 
3. Risk factors related to environmental, social and governance factors 
3.1. 
Risks related to the Group's key figures and the Group's ability to retain or attract certain 
professional skills 
The Group's results and the future success of its activities depend to a significant extent on the Group's ability 
to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel with considerable experience in the business sectors in 
which the Group operates, as well as on the work of certain key figures, who, in view of their consolidated 
experience in the sector in which the Group operates, as well as their technical and professional skills, have 
contributed and continue to contribute significantly to the development of the Group's activities and its 
business strategies.

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
In particular, the Issuer counts among the key figures within its Board of Directors and key managers the 
Managing Director Luigi Lovaglio and the members of the Management Committee. 
In this regard, it should be noted that, in view of the regulations applicable to the Bank, its ability to attract 
and retain key personnel could be hindered by: 
(i) 
any limitations on remuneration (so-called "salary cap") imposed on the Issuer by the relevant 
authorities; 
(ii) 
the provisions pursuant to Part One, Title IV, Chapter 2, Section V of the supervisory provisions, for 
banks and banking groups benefiting from exceptional public interventions; in such cases, in fact, 
variable remuneration is strictly limited as a percentage of net operating income when it is not 
compatible with the maintenance of an adequate level of capitalization and with a timely exit from 
public support; moreover, no variable remuneration must be paid to corporate officers unless justified; 
(iii) 
the European Commission's Commitments published on 3 October 2022, pursuant to which, among 
other things, the Bank shall implement stringent executive compensation policies and the 
remuneration of any employee shall not exceed ten times the average remuneration of the Bank's 
employees. 
On the topic of remuneration, BCE highlights in the 2022 Final SREP Decision that some shortcomings 
related to remuneration procedures and the lack of alignment between remuneration framework and risk, 
already highlighted in previous SREP cycles, persist. In particular, BCE highlights how there are, in BMPS 
policies, instruments called "benefits" with discretionary management and not linked to specific objective 
criteria. 
In fact, the aforementioned conditions could lead to a reduction in the Group's competitive capacity, 
hindering its ability to retain key personnel and undermining the activities, where necessary, of identifying, 
in a short time, equally qualified persons capable of replacing them and providing the same operational and 
professional contribution to the Issuer. The occurrence of the aforementioned circumstances could therefore 
lead to a slowdown in the Group's growth and development process, a reduction in the Group's competitive 
ability, and affect its achievement of its set objectives, with potential negative effects on its economic, equity 
and/or financial situation and/or prospects. 
4. Risk factors related to the legal and regulatory framework of the sector of business in which the 
Issuer and the Group operate 
4.1. 
Risks related to the entry into force of the new accounting standard IFRS 17 “Insurance Contracts” 
On 18 May 2017, the IASB issued the new accounting standard IFRS 17 governing the accounting treatment 
of insurance contracts, which was endorsed on 19 November 2021, with the publication of Regulation No. 
2036/2021 in the Official Gazette. On 25 June 2020, the IASB published a number of amendments that, 
among other things, provided for postponement of the first application to 1 January 2023. Compared to the 
previous IFRS 4 standard, which allowed insurance companies some discretion in identifying and measuring 
insurance assets and liabilities at the expense of comparability of financial statement disclosures, the new 
IFRS 17 standard introduces an integrated approach to accounting for insurance contracts, with the aim of 
ensuring relevant disclosures that faithfully represent the effects of insurance contracts on an entity's 
financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
Changes in the carrying amount of insurance contracts due to the transition to IFRS 17 will be accounted for 
as an offset to equity on 1 January 2023. 
The introduction of the new standard is indirectly relevant for the Group since, although it does not carry 
out insurance activities, it holds shareholdings in the capital of the associated insurance companies AXA

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
MPS Assicurazioni Danni SpA and AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita Spa, which are consolidated in the Group 
Financial Statements with the equity method. The first time adoption of the aformentioned standard will 
therefore have an impact on the valuation of the investment held by the Group in insurance companies, that 
are unforeseeable at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
4.2. 
Risks associated with uncertainty about the future results of stress tests or asset quality review 
(AQR) exercises 
The SSM is responsible for the prudential supervision of all credit institutions in participating member states 
and ensures that the EU policy on the prudential supervision of credit institutions is implemented consistently 
and effectively and that credit institutions are subject to the highest quality of supervision. In this context, 
the ECB has been entrusted with specific prudential supervisory tasks over credit institutions by, among 
other things, providing for the possibility for credit institutions to conduct, where appropriate in coordination 
with the European Banking Authority ("EBA"), stress tests (supervisory stress tests) to ascertain whether 
the measures, strategies, processes and mechanisms put in place by credit institutions and the own funds they 
hold would enable sound risk management and hedging in dealing with future, but plausible, adverse events. 
The stress tests are designed to serve as inputs to the SREP: the outcome of the SREP could result in an 
additional own funds requirement, as well as other qualitative and quantitative measures. 
The EBA conducted an EU-wide stress test for 2021 (following the postponement of the 2020 exercise due 
to the COVID-19 pandemic) aimed at assessing the resilience of the European banking sector, including the 
Group. The results were published at the end of July 2021 and are available on the EBA website. On 8 
December 2021, the EBA, in line with its decision to conduct a two-year exercise, announced its decision to 
conduct the next EU-wide stress test in 2023, in which the Group will participate. The features of the exercise 
are largely overlapping with the one carried out in 2021; the most significant new elements are a specific 
focus on energy-intensive economic sectors and the way in which fee income is stressed, which will not be 
based on banks' internal models but will be carried out centrally by the authority. Participation in the stress 
tests carries the risk of possible upward revision of the P2G, and thus the levels of capital to be held by the 
Group, in the event of a negative result in the "baseline" scenario and/or the "adverse" scenario. 
In addition, the EBA, in cooperation with the relevant Supervisory Authorities, may in the future decide to 
recommend a new asset quality review (or "Asset Quality Review" or "AQR") on the most important 
European banks, including the Issuer, in order to verify the classifications and assessments they have made 
on their loans in order to address concerns related to deteriorating asset quality. Such an asset quality review 
exercise may, possibly, also be combined with an additional stress test conducted by the ECB as part of a 
new global assessment exercise. 
Given the impossibility of quantifying the impacts arising from the stress tests before the stress tests are 
conducted, there can be no assurance where the EBA and other relevant Supervisory Authorities conduct 
new comprehensive assessment exercises (or stress test exercises or asset quality review exercises) that the 
Issuer will meet the minimum parameters. In the event of bankruptcy, the Issuer could be subject to ECB 
measures that, among other things, could require the implementation of new capitalization actions or other 
appropriate measures to address the capital shortfalls found in the Bank's own funds, with potentially 
negative impact on the business and the economic, capital and/or financial condition of the Bank and/or the 
Group. 
4.3. 
Risks related to changes in banking and financial sector regulations and additional regulations to 
which the Group is subject 
The Group is subject to compliance with a complex set of regulations and supervision by, among others, the 
Bank of Italy, Consob and, from 4 November 2014, the ECB, which is entrusted, pursuant to the regulations 
establishing the SSM, with the task of, inter alia, ensuring the homogeneous application of the regulatory 
provisions of the Euro Area and is responsible for the prudential supervision of all "significant" credit 
institutions in the participating member states. Supervision by the aforementioned Authorities covers various

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
areas of the Issuer's and the Group's activities and may concern, among other things, levels of liquidity, 
capital adequacy and leverage, regulations on transactions with related parties and connected persons, 
prevention and combating of money laundering, protection of privacy, transparency and fairness in customer 
relations, and reporting and record-keeping obligations. 
Any changes in the regulations, or even in the manner in which they are applied, as well as the eventuality 
that the Issuer and/or Group companies fail to ensure compliance with the applicable regulations, could result 
in adverse effects on the Bank's and/or Group's activities, assets, liabilities, and financial position, as well as 
on the products and services they offer. The impacts of the continuous evolution of the regulatory framework 
- including, but not limited to, the introduction of more stringent rules on exposures to Sovereign States and 
NPLs, the application of the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (FRTB), the adoption of the 
Standardized Measurement Approach (SMA) for operational risks, the introduction of output floors for the 
reduction of benefits from internal models or the introduction of changes to the calculation of the capital 
requirement on credit risk (so-called "regulatory headwinds") represent elements of uncertainty with specific 
reference to the required capitalization profiles and, more generally, to the valuation parameters applied by 
supervisory bodies. 
With reference to the evolution of prudential supervision regulations, it should be noted that on 27 October 
2021, the European Commission adopted a new package of reforms aimed at the banking sector to further 
strengthen the resilience of banks (known as the "Banking Package 2021"), with the proposed transposition 
into CRR and Directive 36/2013/EU of the final standards approved by the Basel Committee at the end of 
2017, in relation to the treatment of the main risks (credit, market and operational) and the so-called "output 
floor" that aims to counter the possible underestimation of risk resulting from the use of banks' internal 
models. As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the aforementioned banking reform package is under 
consideration by the EU Parliament and Council, which will respectively work on possible amendments 
before agreeing on a common text (so-called Trilogue). Once the approval process is completed, 
transposition of the directive will have to be carried out within 18 months from the date of publication in the 
EU Official Journal, while the new CRR provisions are expected to come into force from 1 January 2025 
(with a five-year transitional arrangement), i.e. two years beyond the Basel-agreed deadline, which has 
already been deferred by one year in response to the pandemic crisis. 
In light of the ongoing banking reform, it cannot be ruled out that the changes to the prudential supervisory 
framework may lead to an increase in RWAs, resulting in the inability of the Issuer and the Group to meet 
the minimum capital adequacy requirements, with possible adverse effects on the Issuer's and the Group's 
capital, economic and financial situation that may necessitate the adoption of additional capital strengthening 
measures. 
In addition, it should be noted that as part of the EU-wide process of defining legislative measures aimed at 
supporting the development of sustainable finance, regulations and directives implementing MiFID II 
regulations have been, through delegated acts, amended with a view to encouraging the integration of 
sustainable investment profiles; if the Bank is unable to achieve timely compliance with the European 
regulations, it could be subject to measures and/or sanctions with possible negative impacts on its reputation, 
as well as on the Group's operating results and economic, capital and financial situation. 
Moreover, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank of Italy’s authority to implement a systemic risk 
buffer has recently been introduced into the Circular No. 285 (as defined below) and there is uncertainty as 
to how (and if) the Italian regulator would exercise such authority. Therefore, it is not yet clear what impact 
these regulatory changes will have on the Issuer’s operations. 
The Issuer is also participated in by the MEF in an amount of 64.23% of the capital; for this reason 
at present it has a particularly extensive perimeter of related parties and connected persons whose 
management, due to the relative structure and breadth, constitutes a particularly heavy burden for

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
the Issuer for the purposes of its application of the regulations on transactions with related parties 
and connected persons.  
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain features, 
distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which might occur in 
relation to certain types of Exempt Notes: 
1. Risks applicable to all notes 
1.1. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option or there is a perception that this is the 
case, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and should the Notes be redeemed an investor 
may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when 
BMPS may elect to redeem Notes or there is a perception that this is the case, the market value of those 
Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also be 
true prior to any redemption period. 
BMPS may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
1.2. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that changes from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing market rates on those Notes and could 
affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
1.3. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, 
the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
1.4. 
Early Redemption of the Notes for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to 
any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf 
of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer 
may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with, and subject to the provisions of, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. See also “If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option or there is a 
perception that this is the case, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and should the Notes 
be redeemed an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return” above. 
1.5. 
Waiver of set-off 
As specified in Condition 2(a) (Status of the Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, each 
holder of a Senior Note will unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, 
abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in 
respect of such Senior Note. 
As specified in Condition 2(b) (Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, each holder of a Non-Preferred Senior Note will unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right 
of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under 
the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Non-Preferred Senior Note. 
As specified in Condition 2(c) (Status of the Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
1.6. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Green Bond”, “Social 
Bond” or “Sustainability Bond”, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for 
the investment criteria of an investor 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme described 
as “green bonds” (“Green Bonds”), “social bonds” (“Social Bonds”) and/or “sustainability bonds” 
(“Sustainability Bonds”) in accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital Market 
Association (“ICMA”) (respectively, the Green Bond Principles (“GBP”), the Social Bond Principles 
(“SBP”) and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (“SBG”)) for the purposes of financing and/or 
refinancing, in whole or in part, respectively, Green Projects, Social Projects and/or Sustainability 
Projects (each of such terms as defined in the “Use of proceeds” section). 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information in the applicable Final Terms 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary 
and must assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own circumstances. In particular, no 
assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any Green 
Projects, Social Projects or Sustainability Projects, as the case may be, will satisfy, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law, regulations or standards (including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”) or any standards resulting from the proposal 
for a European green bond standard (EUGBS) adopted by the European Commission on 6 July 2021) 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard 
to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of, 
or related to, the relevant Green Projects, the relevant Social Projects or the relevant Sustainability Projects).

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “social” or “sustainable” or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined 
as “green” or “social” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that 
such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. The EU Taxonomy Regulation is subject to 
further developments, by way of implementation by the European Commission through delegated 
regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Delegated Acts”). A first delegated act on 
sustainable activities for climate change adaptation and mitigation objectives was approved in principle on 
21 April 2021, and formally adopted on 4 June 2021. A second delegated act for the remaining objectives 
will be published in 2022. On 6 July 2021, a delegated act supplementing Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation was adopted by the Commission, then published in the Official Journal on 10 December 2021 
and it is applicable since January 2022. This delegated act specifies the content, methodology and 
presentation of information to be disclosed by financial and non-financial undertakings concerning the 
proportion of environmentally sustainable economic activities in their business, investments or lending 
activities. On 9 March 2022, the European Commission adopted a complementary climate delegated act 
including, under strict conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic activities 
covered by the EU Taxonomy Regulation. It was published in the Official Journal on 15 July 2022 and will 
apply as of January 2023. The criteria for the specific gas and nuclear activities are in line with EU climate 
and environmental objectives and will help accelerate the shift from solid or liquid fossil fuels, including 
coal, towards a climate-neutral future. 
Even if a definition or market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined 
as “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label, should develop or be established, no 
assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green 
Projects, Social Projects or Sustainability Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 
“green”, “social” or “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including those set 
out under the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Delegated Acts) or that 
any adverse green, social, sustainable and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any 
projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects, Social Projects or Sustainability Projects, 
as the case may be, towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied. Moreover, in light of the 
continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, sustainable and positive 
social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal frameworks and/or definitions may (or may not) be 
modified to adapt any update that may be made to the GBP and/or the SBP and/or the SBG and/or the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Delegated Acts. Any such changes could 
have an adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any such Green Bond, Social Bond or 
Sustainability Bond. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not published a framework relating to an investment in 
Green Projects, Social Projects and Sustainability Projects (the “Sustainability Bond Framework”) 
although the Issuer intends to publish such Sustainability Bond Framework prior to the issuance of any Notes 
which specify that the relevant proceeds will be used for Green Projects, Social Projects and Sustainability 
Projects.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bond, Social Bond or Sustainability Bond and in 
particular with any Green Projects, Social Projects or Sustainability Projects to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is 
not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion 
or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Any such opinion

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications 
are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight.  
In the event that any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are listed or admitted to trading 
on any dedicated “green”, “social”, “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, 
any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of 
any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green Projects, Social Projects and Sustainability 
Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given 
or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or, if obtained, that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds (as the case may be).  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds for Green Projects and/or Social Projects and/or Sustainability Projects in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the 
relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects, Social Projects and 
Sustainability Projects (either resulting from the original application of the proceeds of the Notes or a 
subsequent reallocation of such proceeds) will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant 
issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or partially disbursed for the 
specified Green Projects, Social Projects and Sustainability Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that (i) 
such Green Projects or such Social Projects or such Sustainability Projects, will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or (ii) with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer 
or (iii) the originally designated green project or social project or sustainable project (or any project(s) 
resulting from any subsequent reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) will not be the potentially or actual disqualified as such. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer (including to comply with its reporting obligations in relation to 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder 
against the Issuer; (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the Notes; (iii) lead to an obligation of the 
Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to 
exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes; (iv) affect the qualification of such 
Notes as Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes, or as eligible liabilities 
instruments (as applicable); or (v) prevent the applicability of the general bail-in tool. Neither the 
proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such 
proceeds or asset financed with such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other 
assets. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the 
relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of 
the relevant Green Project, Social Project or Sustainability Project (as the case may be) nor have any 
preferred or any other right against the green, social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of 
the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are to be applied.

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds for any Green Projects, Social Projects and Sustainability Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of 
any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying, 
in whole or in part, with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or 
any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading 
on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of 
such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Notes 
which are intended to finance Green Projects, Social Projects and Sustainability Projects and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
In addition, Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may also qualify as own funds or eligible 
liabilities. The fact that Notes which qualify as own funds or eligible liabilities (which may include, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes, and Subordinated Notes) are also Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not impact (i) any of the features of such Notes, including 
(without limitation, as applicable) features relating to ranking, permanence, loss absorption and/or flexibility 
of payments or enhance the performance of the relevant Notes in any way, (ii) the availability of the Notes 
(or the proceeds thereof) to absorb all losses (whether or not related to any green, social or sustainable assets 
towards which proceeds of the relevant Notes may have been applied or, if relevant, reallocated) in 
accordance with their terms (if applicable) or the Regulatory Capital Requirements, (iii) the relevant CRR 
eligibility criteria applicable to the qualification of the relevant Notes as own funds or eligible liabilities (as 
appropriate) or applicability of the relevant BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities or (iv) 
the risks related to the qualification of such Notes as own funds or eligible liabilities (as appropriate). Among 
the risks applicable to the Issuer’s Notes, the Issuer’s Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity in the event a resolution procedure is 
initiated in respect of the BMPS Group (including the Issuer) and, with respect to Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds qualifying as Tier 2 Capital, even before the commencement of any such procedure 
if certain conditions are met, in which cases the fact that such Notes are designated as Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds does not provide their holders with any priority compared to other Notes, nor 
is their level of subordination affected by such designation. 
1.7. 
Potential conflicts of interest with the Calculation Agent 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including 
where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgments 
that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by 
the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
1.8. 
The Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of the Notes, being events upon which the Noteholders may declare the 
Notes to be immediately due and payable, are limited to circumstances in which the Issuer (i) is liquidated 
(including when the Issuer becomes subject to Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined in Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended from time to time (the “Italian Consolidated Banking 
Act”)) or (ii) is insolvent as set out in Condition 8 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. Accordingly, other than following the occurrence of an Event of Default, even if the Issuer fails to 
meet any of its obligations under the Notes, including the payment of any interest, the Noteholders will not 
have the right of acceleration of principal and the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be 
obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it.

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
2. Risks applicable to the Senior Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
2.1. 
The Issuer’s obligations under Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to unsecured and 
unsubordinated preferred obligations of the Issuer 
The Issuer’s obligations under Non-Preferred Senior Notes will be unsecured, unsubordinated and non-
preferred obligations and will rank junior in priority of payment to Senior Liabilites and claims arising from 
the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR. Senior Liabilities means any direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness or payment obligations (or indebtedness or 
obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of 
the Issuer for money borrowed or raised or guaranteed by the Issuer, as the case may be, and any indebtedness 
or mandatory payment obligations preferred by the laws of the Republic of Italy. Although Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which rank senior to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, there is a real risk that an investor in Non-Preferred Senior Notes will lose all or some of his 
investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
2.2. 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes could be subject to Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event 
If at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, and the Form of Final Terms for the Senior Notes or the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes of such Series specify that Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event is applicable, the 
Issuer may (subject to Condition 5(j) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, elect to redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Senior Notes or the Non-Preferred Senior Notes of such Series. An MREL Disqualification Event means 
that, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes it or will be excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available to 
meet the MREL Requirements, subject to as set out in Condition 5(e) (Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The applicability of the minimum 
requirements for eligible liabilities is subject to the application, in the EU and in Italy, of the new EU 
regulatory framework under the BRRD II, SRM II Regulation, CRD V and CRR II (the “EU Banking 
Framework”). 
If the Senior Notes or the Non-Preferred Senior Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that 
Noteholders will be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest 
rate on the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes being redeemed. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. In addition, an MREL Disqualification 
Event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. 
See also “If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option or there is a perception that this is the 
case, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and should the Notes be redeemed an investor 
may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return” 
above. 
2.3. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be 
restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject to compliance 
by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL Requirements 
at the relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the 
qualification of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available 
to meet the MREL Requirements.

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
In addition, under the EU Banking Framework, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes which qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet MREL Requirements is subject 
to the prior approval of the Competent Authority where applicable from time to time under the applicable 
laws and regulations. The EU Banking Framework states that the Competent Authority would approve an 
early redemption of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes where any of the following conditions 
is met: 
 
on or before such early redemption or purchase of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
the Issuer replaces the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes with own funds instruments or 
eligible liabilities of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the income capacity 
of the Issuer;  
 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Own Funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or purchase, exceed the requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities set out in the CRD V or the BRRD II (or, in either case, any relevant 
provisions of Italian law implementing the CRD V or, as appropriate, the BRRD II) or the CRR II by 
a margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary; or 
 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance 
with the own funds requirements laid down in the CRR II and in the CRD V for continuing 
authorisation. 
The Competent Authority shall consult with the Relevant Resolution Authority before granting that 
permission, as requested pursuant to the EU Banking Framework. 
2.4. 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholder 
consent. 
If Variation is specified as being applicable in the circumstances described in (i) and/or (ii) below in the 
applicable Final Terms for any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes , then (i) at any time 
an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and/or as applicable (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required 
from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes of 
that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and the holders of 
the Notes of that Series (or such other notice periods as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), at 
any time vary the terms of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes provided that such variation 
does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable, are securities issued by 
the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, have terms not materially less favourable to 
the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the relevant Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these 
changes (including, without limitation, any changes to governing law and/or jurisdiction) will negatively 
affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied 
notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for 
them of holding the notes prior to such variation. 
2.5. 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application 
of the general bail-in-tool

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
Investors should be aware that Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to write-down 
or conversion into equity capital instruments on any application of the general bail-in tool, which may result 
in such holders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of the general bail-in tool, or any other 
power under the BRRD or any suggestion or perceived suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, 
materially adversely affect the rights of holders Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the price or 
value of their investment in any such Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under 
such Notes. Any shares issued to holders of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes upon any such 
conversion into equity capital instruments may be of little value at the time of conversion and may also be 
subject to any future application of the BRRD. 
3. Risks applicable to the Subordinated Notes 
3.1. 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s 
insolvency 
BMPS’s obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior in 
priority of payment to Senior Liabilities. “Senior Liabilities” means any direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and unsubordinated indebtedness or payment obligations (or indebtedness or obligations which are 
subordinated but to a lesser degree than the obligations under the relevant Subordinated Notes) of BMPS for 
money borrowed or raised or guaranteed by BMPS, as the case may be, and any indebtedness or mandatory 
payment obligations preferred by the laws of the Republic of Italy. Although Subordinated Notes may pay 
a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated (including Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes), there is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment 
should BMPS become insolvent. 
In no event will holders of Subordinated Notes be able to accelerate the maturity of their Subordinated Notes; 
such holders will have claims only for amounts then due and payable on their Subordinated Notes. 
3.2. 
Subordinated Notes could be subject to redemption for regulatory reasons 
The intention of BMPS is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as “Tier 2 capital” for regulatory 
purposes. However, current regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy does not require (or customarily provide) 
a confirmation prior to the issuance of Subordinated Notes that the Notes will be treated as such. 
If Regulatory Call is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event (as 
defined in Condition 5(d) (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons)) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
the Issuer may (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(i) (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase 
of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes. 
In the event of a redemption for regulatory reasons, there can be no assurance that an investor will be able 
to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Subordinated 
Notes being redeemed. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
See also “If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option or there is a perception that this is the 
case, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and should the Notes be redeemed an investor 
may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return” 
above and “Subordinated Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholder consent” below. 
3.3. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in tool 
or at the point of non-viability of the Issuer or, in certain circumstances, the Group or may be the subject to 
the burden sharing requirements of the EU State aid framework and the BRRD. 
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution 
authorities to have the further power to write-down permanently/convert into equity capital instruments

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
such as the Subordinated Notes at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is 
taken, with losses absorbed in accordance with the priority of claims under normal insolvency 
proceedings (“Non-Viability Loss Absorption”). Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes 
upon any such conversion into equity capital instruments may also be subject to any future application 
of the BRRD. 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining 
financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial 
stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any 
such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements 
of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for 
three kinds of extraordinary public support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering 
resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central 
banks’ conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form 
of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that 
shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders of the Subordinated Notes) contribute to the costs of 
restructuring. 
As a result, Subordinated Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to Common 
Equity Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the Group’s entities or another institution. Accordingly, 
trading behaviour may also be affected by the threat that Non-Viability Loss Absorption (or the general bail-
in tool) may be applied to Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid 
framework and the BRRD may be applied and, as a result, Subordinated Notes are not necessarily expected 
to follow the trading behaviour associated with other types of securities. Noteholders should consider the 
risk that they may lose all of their investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if the 
Non-Viability Loss Absorption (or the general bail-in tool) is applied to the Subordinated Notes or the burden 
sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD are applied or that such Subordinated 
Notes may be converted into ordinary shares which ordinary shares may be of little value at the time of 
conversion. 
In addition, on 30 November 2021, Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the 193 Decree) 
implementing the BRRD II was published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into force on 1 December 
2021. The 193 Decree introduces point c-ter) under Article 91 paragraph 1-bis) of the Italian Banking Act 
transposing Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. The amended Article 91 of the Italian Banking Act provides for 
the following ranking:   
 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify (and no part thereof is recognized) as own funds items 
(elementi di fondi propri) shall rank senior to own funds items (including any instruments only partly 
recognized as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri)) and junior to senior non-preferred 
instruments (strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello);  
 
if instruments which qualified in whole or in part as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) cease, 
in their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own fund items (elementi di fondi 
propri) but junior to senior non-preferred instruments. 
In light of the above, if Subordinated Notes of the Issuer (which qualify or qualified at any time either in 
whole or in part as own fund items) were to be disqualified entirely as own funds items in the future, their 
ranking would improve compared to Subordinated Notes which at the relevant time qualify as own funds 
items (in whole or in part) and would rank pari passu with Subordinated Notes which at the relevant time 
are not qualified in whole or in part as own funds items. In the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the 
Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims rank 
in priority to the Subordinated Notes, including those whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully 
or partially are recognized as an own funds instrument in full before it can make any payments on the

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
Subordinated Notes which, at the relevant time, qualify as own funds items (in whole or in part). 
Furthermore, if the Subordinated Notes are fully disqualified as own funds items, such Notes would not be 
subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-viability even though they 
would continue to be subject to bail-in, and, in the event the Issuer were to receive extraordinary financial 
support in accordance with the EU state aid framework and the BRRD, may be subject to the burden sharing 
requirements of such legislation. 
3.4. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes is subject to compliance with the then 
applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements, including for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the relevant Competent Authority and such Competent Authority 
granting prior permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case 
in the manner required by the relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements, including Articles 77 
and 78 of CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time), where either: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced the 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its own 
funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the 
minimum requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements by a margin that the Competent Authority considers 
necessary at such time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue 
Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of the 
CRR or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), the 
Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change 
in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes is material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5(d) (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons), if 
there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be 
likely to result in their exclusion from “Tier 2” capital at individual or consolidated basis 
(in whole or in part), provided that, in case of exclusion in part, such exclusion is not as a 
result of amortisation or any limits on the amount of “Tier 2” capital applicable to the 
Issuer and, in respect of any redemption of the relevant Subordinated Notes proposed to 
be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, both of the following conditions 
are met: (i) the Competent Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and 
(ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change 
in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable 
by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having replaced the 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Competent Authority having permitted that 
action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point 
of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be applicable 
from time to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements for the time being. 
There can be no assurance that the relevant Competent Authority will permit such redemption or 
purchase. In addition, the Issuer may elect not to exercise any option to redeem any Subordinated Notes 
early or at any time. Holders of Subordinated Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear 
the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period. 
3.5. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholder consent. 
If Variation is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms for any Series of Subordinated 
Notes under Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required 
from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Subordinated Notes of that Series), and having 
given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Agent and the holders of the Notes of that Series 
(or such other notice periods as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), at any vary the terms of 
such Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as 
applicable, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied 
securities. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the relevant Subordinated Notes. However, no assurance can be 
given as to whether any of these changes (including, without limitation, any changes to governing law and/or 
jurisdiction) will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty 
consequences of holding such substituted varied notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders 
from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes prior to such variation. 
4. The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the 
interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of the Reset 
Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset 
Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the 
sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest”). The Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could 
be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and 
could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
5. Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
5.1. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent 
instalment of the issue price could lose all of his investment. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any failure by an 
investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes could result in such 
investor losing all of its investment.

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
5.2. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier 
or other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
5.3. 
The Notes are not covered by the Italian Inter-Bank Fund for the Protection of Deposits. 
The obligations in respect of the Notes (Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) 
are not covered by the Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi (i.e. depositor insurance fund). 
6. Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
6.1. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use 
of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the 
written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
6.2. 
Call options are subject to the prior consent of the Competent Authority.  
In addition to the call rights described under “Subordinated Notes could be subject to redemption for 
regulatory reasons” above, Subordinated Notes may also contain provisions allowing BMPS to call them 
after a minimum period of, for example, five years. To exercise such a call option, BMPS must obtain the 
prior written consent of the Competent Authority. 
Holders of such Notes have no rights to call for the redemption of such Notes and should not invest in such 
Notes in the expectation that such a call will be exercised by BMPS. The Competent Authority must agree 
to permit such a call, based upon its evaluation of the regulatory capital position of BMPS and certain other 
factors at the relevant time. There can be no assurance that the Competent Authority will permit such a call. 
Holders of such Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment 
in such Notes for a period of time in excess of the minimum period. 
6.3. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in legislation or administrative 
practice. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on Italian law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to Italian 
law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
6.4. 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Notes  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are governed by Italian law and Condition 15 (Governing Law and 
Submission to Jurisdiction) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provides that contractual and non-
contractual obligations arising out or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law, pursuant to EU and Italian private international law provisions as applicable

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
from time to time. Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 31 May 1995 (the “Italian Private International Law”) 
provides that “other debt securities” (titoli di credito) are governed by the law of the State in which the 
security was issued”. The Temporary Global Notes or the Permanent Global Notes, whether issued in CGN 
or NGN form, as the case may be, representing the Notes are signed by the Issuer in the UK and are, 
thereafter, delivered to Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Paying Agent, being the entity in charge of, inter 
alia, completing, authenticating and delivering the Temporary Global Note and Permanent Global Notes and 
(if required) authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes. 
The Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and the laws applicable to their transfer and circulation for any prospective 
investors in the Notes and any disputes which may arise in relation to, inter alia, the transfer of ownership 
in the Notes on the basis of the above-mentioned provisions of Italian Private International Law and the 
relevant applicable European legislation. 
6.5. 
Holders of Notes held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg must rely on procedures 
of those clearing systems to effect transfers of Notes, receive payments in respect of the Notes and vote at 
meetings of Noteholders.  
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes that may be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in circumstances 
described in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form. Each of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held through it. While the Notes are represented by a 
Global Note, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing 
systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, BMPS will discharge its payment obligations under the 
Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global 
Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing systems and their participants to receive payments 
under the Notes. BMPS has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payment made in 
respect of, beneficial interests in any Global Note. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes so 
represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the 
relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
6.6. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant ICSD would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal 
amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant ICSD at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
6.7. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including EURIBOR) are the subject of 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark, 
such as Floating Rate Notes and Reset Notes.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, 
among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, 
if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) among other 
things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it 
prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if 
non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a rate or index deemed to be a benchmark, including, 
without limitation, any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or any Reset Notes 
referencing the relevant swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified Currency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement with respect to the relevant Reset Notes), in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Several workstreams are underway in Europe to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid methodology and to 
provide a fallback by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight risk-free rate as adjusted 
by a methodology to create a term rate). On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates 
recommended Euro Short-term Rate (“€STR”) as the new risk free rate. €STR has been published by the 
ECB since 2 October 2019. In addition, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published 
a set of guidelines principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other 
things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding 
principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts 
(without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, 
the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events 
and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.  
Investors should be aware that, if the EURIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes which reference such benchmark will be determined for the 
relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which the 
EURIBOR rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, this may (i) if ISDA 
Determination applies, result in the application of a backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas is 
expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or 
(ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate 
which applied in the previous period when the EURIBOR was available. Any of the foregoing could have 
an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes which 
reference the EURIBOR. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to 
a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in consultation with the 
Issuer or failing that, by the Issuer, and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if 
required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period 
(as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In 
addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. If the Independent Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread or to comply with any applicable 
regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent 
regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be made without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, as provided by Condition 3(d)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or 
Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable 
under, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Investors should consider these matters with their own 
independent advisers when making their investment decision with respect to any Floating Rate Notes or 
Reset Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
7. Risks related to the market  
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
7.1. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. In addition, liquidity may be 
limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors.

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does 
develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. Therefore, investors 
may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case should the Issuer be in 
financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a substantial discount to their 
principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are 
designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  
7.2. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments 
on those Notes. 
BMPS will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
7.3. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
7.4. 
Credit ratings assigned to BMPS or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to BMPS or the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third 
country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA 
on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken 
against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”). As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed 
by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third 
country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for 
regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are 
satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
Documents incorporated by reference 
The following documents which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the consolidated audited annual financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 
December 
2021, 
contained 
in 
the 
2021 
audited 
consolidated 
annual 
report 
(https://www.gruppomps.it/static/upload/ann/annual-report-gmps-20211.pdf) (see cross-reference 
table below); 
(b) 
the consolidated audited annual financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 
December 
2020, 
contained 
in 
the 
2020 
audited 
consolidated 
annual 
report 
(https://www.gruppomps.it/static/upload/_con/consolidated-financial-statement_gmps_2020.pdf) 
(see cross-reference table below); 
(c) 
the consolidated half yearly financial statements of the Group for the period ended 30 June 2022, 
contained 
in 
the 
consolidated 
half 
yearly 
report 
as 
at 
30 
June 
2022 
(https://www.gruppomps.it/static/upload/_con/consolidated-half-yearly-report-gmps-as-at-30-june-
2022.pdf) (see cross-reference table below); 
(d) 
the consolidated interim financial statements of the Group for the period ended 30 September 2022, 
contained 
in 
the 
consolidated 
interim 
report 
as 
at 
30 
September 
2022 
(https://www.gruppomps.it/static/upload/_con/consolidated-interim-report-as-at-30-09-
2022_gmps.pdf) (see cross-reference table below);  
(e) 
the press release headed “Business Plan 2022 – 2026 “A clear and simple commercial bank”” 
(https://www.gruppomps.it/static/upload/pr-/pr-23-06-2022-1.pdf) (see cross reference table below). 
The documents listed above will also be available, without charge, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Cross-reference table 
Please find below the relevant page references in respect of each of the following documents incorporated 
by reference: 
Document 
Information incorporated by reference 
Pages 
Group’s Audited Consolidated Annual 
Financial Statements for the Financial 
Year Ended 31 December 2021 (the 
“2021 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements”) 
Control Bodies and Independent Auditors 
p 4 
Consolidated Report on Operations 
pp 5-154 
Consolidated balance sheet 
pp 157-158 
Consolidated income statement 
pp 159-160 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p 161 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity – 2021 
p 162 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity – 2020 
p 163 
Consolidated cash flow statement: indirect method 
pp 164-165 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
pp 166-559

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
Document 
Information incorporated by reference 
Pages 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant 
to art. 81-ter of Consob regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, 
as subsequently amended and supplemented 
pp 568-582 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
pp 569-582 
Group’s Audited Consolidated Annual 
Financial Statements for the Financial 
Year Ended 31 December 2020 (the 
“2020 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements”) 
Control Bodies and Independent Auditors 
p 4 
Consolidated Report on Operations 
pp 5-154 
Consolidated balance sheet 
pp 157-158 
Consolidated income statement 
p 159 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
p 160 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity – 2020  
pp 161-162 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity – 2019  
pp 163-164 
Consolidated cash flow statement: indirect method  
pp 165-166 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  
pp 167-538 
Certification of the consolidated financial statements pursuant 
to art. 81-ter of Consob regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, 
as subsequently amended and supplemented  
p 542 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
pp 543-555 
Group’s Consolidated Half Yearly 
Report as at 30 June 2022 (the “2022 
Consolidated Half-Yearly Report”) 
Half-Yearly Report on Operations  
pp. 3-24 
Condensed Consolidated Half-Yearly Financial Statements 
pp. 25-32 
Explanatory Notes 
pp. 33-137 
Certification of condensed consolidated half-yearly financial 
statements pursuant to art. 81-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 
11971 of 14 May 1999, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented 
p. 138 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
p. 139 
Group’s Consolidated Interim Report 
as at 30 September 2022 (the 
“Consolidated Interim Report as at 
30 September 2022”) 
Introduction 
p. 3 
Results in brief 
pp. 4-6 
Executive summary 
pp. 7-8 
Reference context 
pp. 9-12 
Russia – Ukraine Conflict 
pp. 12-13 
COVID-19  
pp. 13-14 
Shareholders 
p. 15 
Information on the BMPS share 
pp. 15-16 
Significant events in the first nine months of 2022 
pp. 16-18 
Significant events after 30 September 2022 
pp. 18-19 
2022-2026 Group Business Plan 
pp. 19-26 
Commitments connected to the 2022-2026 Business Plan 
pp. 26-28

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
Document 
Information incorporated by reference 
Pages 
Explanatory Notes 
pp. 29-34 
Income statement and balance sheet reclassification principles 
pp. 35-37 
Reclassified Income Statement 
pp. 38-46 
Reclassified Balance Sheet 
pp. 47-62 
Disclosure on risks 
pp. 62-75 
Results by Operating Segment 
pp. 76-87 
Prospects and outlook on operations 
pp. 88-89 
Declaration of the financial reporting officer 
p. 90 
Press release headed “Business Plan 
2022 – 2026 “A clear and simple 
commercial bank”” (the “Business 
Plan 2022-2026 – Press Release”) 
Entire document 
All 
The Issuer confirms that the profit forecasts and estimates contained in the Business Plan 2022-2026 – Press 
Release incorporated by reference herein have been compiled and prepared on the basis which is both 
comparable with historical financial information of the Issuer and consistent with the Issuer's accounting 
policies. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, supplements may be prepared by BMPS and approved by 
the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, 
be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except 
as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Those parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which are not specifically 
mentioned in the cross-reference list above shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus and are either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
Any websites, save for those listed as documents incorporated by reference above, included in the Base 
Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a 
new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of the Notes to be listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
Form of the Notes 
Any reference in this section to “Form of Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to “applicable 
Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a “Temporary Global Note”) or, if so specified in the Form of Final Terms, a permanent global note 
(a “Permanent Global Note”) which, in either case, will:  
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in the Form 
of Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and  
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the Form of Final Terms will 
also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will 
either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as indicated in the form of Final Terms. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the 
beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to 
any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification or confirmation (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after the Temporary Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) definitive Notes of the 
same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the form 
of Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the Form 
of Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such 
certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect 
any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due 
certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for 
definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused.  
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) 
of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
The Form of Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) 
an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 8 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to 
adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Global 
Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
12 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Agent requesting exchange 
and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give 
notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date 
of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Agent.  
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes), receipts and interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the Form of Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.”  
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Notes, 
receipts or interest coupons.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the Form of 
Final Terms.  
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 8 (Events 
of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In such circumstances, where any Note is still 
represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of such Notes and payment in full of the amount 
due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note, then the Global Note will 
become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day.  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt Notes, a new Base 
Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such 
Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
Form of Final Terms 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]14 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, “EUWA”); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA [(“UK 
MiFIR”)]; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]15 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the [Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in [Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 / UK MiFIR]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
                                                     
14  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which 
case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
15  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which 
case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]16 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) - In connection with 
Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as 
[prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [Excluded Investment Products] / [Specified 
Investment Products] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]17 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme which are not Exempt Notes and which (1) have a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency) or more, and/or (2) are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated 
market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) have access.  
[Date] 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): J4CP7MHCXR8DAQMKIL78 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €50,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
                                                     
16  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 “all bonds to all professionals” target market approach. 
17  
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 January 2023 [and the supplement[s] 
to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing 
at the registered office of the Issuer and has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and copies are available for inspection or collection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or may be provided by email to a Noteholder 
following their prior written request to the relevant Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding and 
identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
(1) 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche 
[   ] 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [Provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph (24) below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
(2) 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[   ] 
(3) 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[   ] 
(4) 
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
(5) 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[   ] 
 
 
(N.B. 
Senior 
Notes 
must 
have 
a 
minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000 (or equivalent) unless 
they are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated 
market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, 
to which only qualified investors have access).  In the 
case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Notes must have 
a 
minimum 
denomination 
of 
€150,000 
(or 
equivalent). In the case of Subordinated Notes, Notes

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
must have a minimum denomination of €200,000 (or 
equivalent)) 
 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000/€200,000/€150,000] or equivalent are 
being used the following sample wording should be 
followed: 
 
 
“[€100,000/€200,000/€150,000] 
and 
integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€199,000/€399,000/€299,000]. No Notes 
in definitive form will be issued with a denomination 
above [€199,000/€399,000/€299,000].”) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[   ] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
 
 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. Note: There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
(6) 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[   ] 
(7) 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating rate notes - Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
 
 
(Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, 
directives 
and/or 
requirements 
applicable to the issue of Notes by BMPS, Non-
Preferred Senior Notes must have a maturity of not 
less than twelve months and Subordinated Notes must 
have a minimum maturity of five years). 
(8) 
Interest Basis: 
[   ]] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[  ] per cent. to be reset on [  ] [and [  ]] and every [  ] 
anniversary thereafter] 
[[[   ] month EURIBOR +/- [   ] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [(13)]/[(14)]/[(15)]/[(16)] below) 
(9) 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[100 per cent.] [[] in case of Zero Coupon Notes]

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
(10) 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs (13) and 
(16) and identify there][Not Applicable] 
(11) 
Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Regulatory Call] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes) 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
 
 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
[(see paragraph [(18)]/[(19)]/[(20)]/[(21)] below)] 
(12) 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes / Non-Preferred Senior / Subordinated 
Notes]  
 
(ii) 
Date of [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[   ] (N.B. Only required where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
(13) 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
(Amend appropriately in the case of different interest 
rates for different interest periods) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on [each] 
[the] Interest Payment Date[s] [falling on [   ]] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including [   ] / [the 
Maturity Date] 
 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of a irregular 
coupons) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[   ] per Calculation Amount[ payable on the Interest 
Payment Date[s] falling on [   ]] 
(Applicable 
to 
Notes 
in 
definitive form)

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[   [   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(Applicable 
to 
Notes 
in 
definitive form) 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon.) 
(14) 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] [and [   ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [    ]] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[   ] 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[   ] [and [   ]] 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity 
[   ] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA]

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
(xiv) 
Determination Dates: 
[   ] in each year 
 
(xv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[   ] 
 
(xvi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[the Agent] / [   ] 
(15) 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(Amend appropriately in the case of different interest 
rates for different interest periods) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/ Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[   ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in ((ii) below /, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (ii) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[insert name and address] 
 
(iv) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(v) 
Calculation Agent: 
[the Agent] / [   ] 
 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[   ] month EURIBOR. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period) 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ] 
 
 
(If not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
 
(vii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[   ]

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
(If 2021 ISDA Definitions is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[   ] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[   ] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period) 
 
(viii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(16) 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference: Price: 
[   ] 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
(17) 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
5 
(Redemption and Purchase) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes: 
Minimum period: [       ] days 
Maximum period: [       ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
(18) 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[   ] 
(If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, unless 
otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives and/or the Bank of Italy’s requirements, 
applicable to the issue of Subordinated Notes, the 
Optional Redemption Date shall not be earlier than 
five years after the Issue Date.) 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
amount(s): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
(19) 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes) 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount of 
each 
Note 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons as contemplated by 
Condition 5(d) (Redemption for 
Regulatory Reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required 
or if different from that set out in 
Condition 5(g) 
(Early 
Redemption Amounts) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(20) 
Clean-Up Redemption Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Clean-Up Percentage 
[75 per cent. / [   ] per cent.]

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount 
[   ] per Note / [   ] 
(21) 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
[Condition 5(g) (Early Redemption Amounts) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes] 
(22) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(23) 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per cent. 
of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early Redemption 
Amount is likely to be par (but consider).  If, however, 
the Final Redemption Amount is other than 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value, consideration should be 
given as to what the Early Redemption Amount should 
be.) 
See also paragraph (19) (Regulatory Call)] (Delete 
this 
cross-reference 
unless 
the 
Notes 
are 
Subordinated Notes and the Regulatory Call is 
applicable)  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
(24) 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph (5)(i) 
includes language substantially to the following 
effect: “[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].”)

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
(ii) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes]/[No] 
(25) 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[] 
(Specify 
Additional 
Financial Centres, if any)] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest to 
which sub-paragraph (15)(iii) relates) 
(26) 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made]/[No] 
(27) 
Variation of Notes: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable [only][in relation to 
MREL Disqualification Event][and]/[in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes]] 
 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[]

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION RELATING TO THE NOTES 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]  
[Signed on behalf of Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.: 
By:  ..............................................  
Duly authorised]

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
(1) 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market and listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange with 
effect from [    ].]   
 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
with effect from [    ].] 
 
 
[Not Applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[    ] 
(2) 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable.] [The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect 
ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms]. 
 
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”).] [Need 
to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings 
if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.]/[The rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating)

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
(3) 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.] [The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
(4) 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the Offer: 
[for its general corporate purposes, which include making a 
profit, and for general capital requirements] / []. 
[Further details on [Green Bonds] / [Social Bonds] / 
[Sustainability Bonds] are included in the [Sustainability 
Bond Framework], made available on the Issuer’s website 
in the investor relations section at []] 
See “Use of proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus (If 
reasons for offer different from making profit or general 
corporate purposes (for example for a Green Bond, a 
Social Bond, or an issuance of a Sustainability Bond, will 
need to include those reasons here) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated Net Proceeds: 
[         ] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority.  If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
(5) 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[   ] 
(6) 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[   ] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code ], as updated, as set out on] the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/[give 
name(s), 
address(es) 
and 
number(s)]] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
(7) 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[        ] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2;[TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” products 
or the Notes do constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
Applicable Pricing Supplement 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]18 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, “EUWA”); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as 
amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]19 
MIFID II/UK MIFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be 
included] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) 
(Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) - In connection with 
Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes as 
[prescribed capital markets products] / [capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products] (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [Excluded Investment Products] / [Specified 
Investment Products] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]20 
                                                     
18  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other 
reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
19  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which 
case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
20   
For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 16 January 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] 
dated [date[s]]] (the “Base Prospectus”). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the 
Base Prospectus may be obtained from [address]. Stamp duty is paid virtually, if due, to Auth. Agenzia delle 
Entrate, Ufficio di Roma 1, No. 143106/07 of 21 December 2007. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus. 
[Date] 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): J4CP7MHCXR8DAQMKIL78 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €50,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to either of Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to 
such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 16 January 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] 
dated [date[s]]] (the “Base Prospectus”). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the 
Base Prospectus are available for inspection or collection during normal business hours at the specified office 
of each of the Paying Agents or may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written 
request to the relevant Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to 
the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.  
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[          ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[          ] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent Global Note, 
as referred to in paragraph 25 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[          ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[          ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[          ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
[          ] 
(N.B. Senior Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000 (or equivalent). In 
the case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Notes

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
must have a minimum denomination of €150,000 
(or equivalent). In the case of Subordinated 
Notes, Notes must have a minimum denomination 
of €200,00 (or equivalent)) 
 
(a) 
Calculation Amount: 
[      ] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[          ] 
 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for  
Floating rate notes - Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
(Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, directives and/or requirements 
applicable to the issue of Notes by BMPS, Non-
Preferred Senior Notes must have a maturity of 
not less than twelve months and Subordinated 
Notes must have a minimum maturity of five 
years). 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[   ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[  ] per cent. to be reset on [  ] [and [  ] and every 
[  ] anniversary thereafter] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [  ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[specify other] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Partly Paid] 
[Instalment] 
[specify other] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or Redemption/ 
Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of 
Notes 
into 
another 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Regulatory Call]

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes) 
[Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
[(see paragraph [19]/[20]/[21]/[22] below)] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior 
Notes 
/ 
Non-Preferred 
Senior 
/ 
Subordinated Notes] 
 
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained: 
[   ] (N.B. Only required where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(Amend appropriately in the case of different 
interest rates for different interest periods) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
[each] [the] Interest Payment Date[s] [falling on 
[   ]] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[          ] in each year up to and including [   ] / [the 
Maturity Date] 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[          ] per Calculation Amount[ payable on the 
Interest Payment Date[s] falling on [   ]] 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[          ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon] 
 
(g) 
[Ratings Step-up/Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
(h) 
Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes which are Exempt Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[   ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] [and [   ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [    ]] 
 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[   ] 
 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[   ] [and [   ]] 
 
(j) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(k) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Maturity 
[   ] 
 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
(n) 
Determination Dates: 
[   ] in each year 
 
(o) 
Business Centre(s): 
[   ] 
 
(p) 
Calculation Agent: 
[the Agent] / [   ] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(Amend appropriately in the case of different 
interest rates for different interest periods) 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ][, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (b) 
below /, not subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (b) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following  
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business 
Day Convention/[specify other]][Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
 
(e) 
Calculation Agent: 
[the Agent] / [          ] 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[     ] month [EURIBOR/specify other Reference 
Rate]. 
(Either EURIBOR or other, although additional 
information is required if other, including 
fallback provisions in the Agency Agreement) 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if EURIBOR) 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[          ] 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included 
in the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions))

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[          ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[          ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)]]  
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ] per cent. per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Other] 
 
(m) 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Notes 
which are Exempt Notes, if different 
from those set out in the Terms and 
Conditions: 
[          ] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[          ] 
 
(c) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[          ] 
 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365]

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 5 (Redemption 
and Purchase) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes: 
Minimum period: [          ] days 
Maximum period: [          ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days” notice for a call) 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[          ] 
(If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, unless 
otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives 
and/or 
the 
Bank 
of 
Italy’s 
requirements, applicable to the issue of 
Subordinated Notes, the Optional Redemption 
Date shall not be earlier than five years after the 
Issue Date.) 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[          ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[          ] 
20. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(Only relevant in the case of Subordinated Notes) 
 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for regulatory reasons 
as contemplated by Condition 5(d) 
(Redemption 
for 
Regulatory 
Reasons) 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Notes and/or the 
method of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from that set 
out 
in 
Condition 
5(g) 
(Early 
[ ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
Redemption Amounts) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes: 
21. 
Clean-Up Redemption Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Clean-Up Percentage 
[75 per cent. / [   ] per cent.] 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount and method, 
if any, of calculation of such amount 
[[   ] per Note / [   ]] 
22. 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
[Condition 5(g) (Early Redemption Amounts) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes]] 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default and/or the method of calculating the 
same: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
[Form:]  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.]

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
 
(Ensure that this is consistent with the wording in 
the “Form of the Notes” section in the Base 
Prospectus and the Notes themselves.) 
 
(b) 
[New Global Note:] 
[[Yes]/[No]]  
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 16(c) relates) 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
28. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which each payment is to be made 
and consequences (if any) of failure to pay, 
including any right of the Issuer to forfeit the 
Notes and interest due on late payment. 
[Not Applicable/give details. N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent 
Global Note may be required for Partly Paid 
issues] 
29. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
30. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
31. 
Variation of Notes: 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable [only][in relation 
to MREL Disqualification Event][and]/[in order 
to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 16 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes] 
 
(i) 
Notice period: 
[]

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. 
[Signed on behalf of Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.: 
By:  ..............................................  
Duly authorised]

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed 
on [specify market - note this must not be an EEA 
regulated market or the London Stock Exchange’s 
main market] with effect from [   ].][Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable.]  
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]  
Each of [defined terms] is established in the European 
Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”).] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.]/[The rating [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”).]  
 
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings of 
the Notes are different to those stated in the Base 
Prospectus)  
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/ 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the Eurosytem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]]  
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes) 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the rules of 
the relevant stock exchange (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue 
but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such 
Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with 
the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose 
of such Notes. The Form of Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or 
attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Form of Final Terms” for 
a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to 
the relevant Notes.  
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
(the “Issuer” or “BMPS”) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below).  
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; and 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
Agency Agreement dated 16 January 2023 (such Agency Agreement as further amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”), and made between the Issuer, 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the “Agent”, which 
expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the 
Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents).  
The Final Terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) or, if 
this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading (i) on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”) or (ii) a United Kingdom (“UK”) regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as 
amended, nor offered in (i) the EEA or (ii) the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000,as amended, as 
the case may be (an “Exempt Note”), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part 
A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes 
of this Note. References to the “Form of Final Terms” are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. Any reference in the 
Conditions to Form of Final Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to “applicable Pricing 
Supplement” where relevant. The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended.  
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of Notes which, when 
issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
(“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Notes in definitive form which are 
repayable in instalments have receipts (“Receipts”) for the payment of the instalments of principal (other

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
than the final instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached 
on issue. 
Any reference to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below. Any 
reference herein to “Receiptholders” shall mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference herein to 
“Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons.  
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (i) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the 
first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.  
Copies of the Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection or collection during normal business hours 
at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder 
following its prior written request to the relevant Paying Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity 
(in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the Form of Final Terms will be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable via email by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such 
Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent, as applicable, as 
to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and 
the Form of Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries 
of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the Form of Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the Form of Final 
Terms, the Form of Final Terms will prevail.  
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the “Specified Currency”) and the denominations (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) specified in 
the Form of Final Terms, provided that (i) the minimum Specified Denomination of each Note which 
is specified in the Form of Final Terms as being a Senior Note shall be Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes), (ii) the minimum Specified 
Denomination of each Note which is specified in the Form of Final Terms as being a Non-Preferred 
Senior Note shall be Euro 150,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of 
the relevant Notes) and (iii) the minimum Specified Denomination of each Note which is specified in 
the Form of Final Terms as being a Subordinated Note shall be Euro 200,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). Notes of one Specified Denomination 
may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination.  
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating 
Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
Interest Basis shown in the Form of Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating Rate 
Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest 
Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Instalment Note, a Partly Paid Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the Form 
of Final Terms.  
This Note is a Senior Note, a Non-Preferred Senior Note or a Subordinated Note, depending on the 
Status of the Notes specified in the Form of Final Terms.  
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable.  
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery in accordance 
with applicable law. The Issuer and the Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) 
deem and treat the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or 
not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous 
loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of 
such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer and the Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, 
for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying 
Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the Form of Final Terms. 
2. 
Status of the Notes and Subordination 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Notes 
This Condition 2(a) applies only to Senior Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not apply to 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes). 
(i) 
The Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank (subject to any obligations 
preferred by any applicable law) pari passu with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
obligations ranking junior to the Senior Notes from time to time (including Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes and any further obligations permitted by law to rank, and expressed to rank, junior 
to the Senior Notes, on or following the Issue Date), if any) of the Issuer, present and future 
and pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves.

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
(ii) 
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under 
the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note. 
(iii) 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
(b) 
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes  
This Condition 2(b) applies only to Non-Preferred Senior Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
does not apply to Senior Notes).  
(i) 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes (notes intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario 
di secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 
385 of 1 September 1993 of the Republic of Italy, as amended (the “Italian Consolidated 
Banking Act”), any related Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated, and unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking: 
(a) 
junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, including claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning 
of Article 72a(2) of the CRR; 
(b) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other present or 
future obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to 
rank junior or senior to the relevant Non-Preferred Senior Notes; and 
(c) 
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of the 
Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Consolidated 
Banking Act, as amended from time to time. 
(ii) 
Each holder of a Non-Preferred Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right 
of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Non-Preferred Senior Note. 
(iii) 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
(c) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes  
This Condition 2(c) applies only to Subordinated Notes. 
(i) 
Subject as set out below, the Subordinated Notes (notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital 
for regulatory capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Bank of Italy’s 
Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 
December 2013, as amended or supplemented from time to time (the “Bank of Italy 
Regulations”), including any successor regulations, and Article 63 of the CRR) (the 
“Subordinated Notes”) and the Receipts and Coupons relating to them constitute direct, 
unconditional, subordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank: 
(a) 
after all unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior 
Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer and after all creditors of the Issuer 
holding instruments that are less subordinated than the relevant Subordinated Notes

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
(b) 
at least pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other present 
and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not expressed by their terms to 
rank or which do not rank junior or senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes; and 
(c) 
in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to all other present and future 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or and are not expressed by 
their terms to rank senior or pari passu to the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
(ii) 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes all Subordinated Notes of such Series will be 
treated equally and all amounts paid by BMPS in respect of principal and interest thereon will 
be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
(iii) 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note or Coupon unconditionally and irrevocably waives any 
right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note or 
Coupon. 
(iv) 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
In the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series cease to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds 
in the form of Tier 2 Capital, such Subordinated Notes shall rank subordinated and junior to 
unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer, pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer’s 
obligations in respect of any other instruments which have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as 
own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other present and future subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank junior or senior to the relevant 
Subordinated Notes (which have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the form 
of Tier 2 Capital) and senior to own fund items (elementi di fondi propri). 
3. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.  
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the Form of Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on the relevant Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount 
specified in the Form of Final Terms. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so 
specified in the Form of Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where a Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the Form of Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to:  
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if 
they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or  
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding.  
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3(a): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the Form of Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of 
days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year assuming interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of that 
year; or  
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
commencing on the last Interest Payment Date on which interest was paid (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date), the sum of:  
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year assuming interest was to be payable in respect 
of the whole of that year; and  
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year assuming interest was to be payable in respect of the whole of that 
year; and  
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the number of days in the period from and 
including the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to but excluding the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.  
In the Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date; and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one 
cent.

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest:  
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date 
or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if 
that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount 
payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at 
or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
subject to Condition 3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation) below, and (ii) in the case of the 
Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in 
Condition 3(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final 
Terms the Rate of Interest (inclusive of the First or Subsequent Margin) shall not be deemed 
to be less than zero. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
“First Margin” means the margin specified as such in the Form of Final Terms; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the Form of 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3(b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the date specified as such in the Form of Final Terms; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for 
the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the Form of Final Terms) (calculated on the day count

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is 
euro;  
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
3(b)(ii), either: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 
per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate 
quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Rate of Interest” means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
“Reset Date” means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable); 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
“Reset Period” means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may 
be; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the margin specified as such in the Form of Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means the date or dates specified in the Form of Final Terms;

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date; and 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3(b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin. 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the 
Issuer) shall, subject as provided in Condition 3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation), request each 
of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the 
Issuer) with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in 
question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) 
with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the 
arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as 
provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest 
as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the 
First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b)(ii) “Reference Banks” means the principal office in 
the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected 
by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:  
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) (each an “Interest Payment Date”) in each year 
specified in the Form of Final Terms; or  
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the Form of Final Terms, 
each date (each an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the Form of Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In the Conditions, “Interest 
Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date).  
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the Form of Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is:  
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 3(c)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
(i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of paragraph (B) above shall apply mutatis mutandis or (ii) in 
the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or  
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or  
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day.  
In the Conditions, “Business Day” means: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre specified in the Form of Final 
Terms; and  
(B) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, 
a day on which Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (“TARGET2”) System or any successor or replacement for that system (the 
“TARGET2 System”) is open.  
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the Form of Final Terms.

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Form of Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the Form 
of Final Terms) the Margin (if any) provided that in any circumstances where under the 
ISDA Definitions the Calculation Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, 
including the selection of any reference banks and seeking quotations from reference 
banks, when calculating the relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which 
require the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the 
Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer). For the purposes of this sub paragraph (A), 
“ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would 
be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes and as supplemented by the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions Benchmarks Annex to the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement, as published by 
ISDA on 19 September 2018; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions as available on ISDA Library as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes (together, the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero.  
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period will, subject to Condition 3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation) 
below, be either:  
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being the Eurozone 
inter-bank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), as specified in the relevantFinal Terms, which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information), the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of paragraph (1) above, no 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (2) above, fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer shall request each of 
the Reference Banks to provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question and 
the Issuer shall provide such offered quotations promptly to the Calculation Agent. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the 
Issuer) with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with an offered quotation as provided in 
the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the rates, as communicated to the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) with 
offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, 
at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable 
for the purpose) informs the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer) it is quoting to 
leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect 
of the Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(c)(ii), “Reference Banks” means, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market selected by Issuer. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the Form of Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 3(c)(ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the Form of Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 3(c)(ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable 
on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to:  
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note (or, if they 
are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or  
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of 
the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount 
and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding.  
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period:  
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the Form of Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365);  
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (sterling)” is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
360
 )
D
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 
 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 
 
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2





360
 )
D
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 
 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 
 
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2






--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; and  
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
 
where:  
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;  
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;  
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;  
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and  
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
Form of Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
Form of Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the Form of Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in 
consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert, determines 
appropriate.  
360
 )
D
 - 
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 
 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 
 
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2






--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate.  
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
Subject to Condition 3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation), the Calculation Agent will cause the 
Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange (or listing agent as the case 
may be) on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later 
than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date 
so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by 
way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London 
Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in London.  
(vii) Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3(c), by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, 
the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and no 
liability to the Issuer (subject to the provisions of the Agency Agreement), the Noteholders, 
the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions.  
(d) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 3(d) is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Reset Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 3(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) or 
Condition 3(b) (Interest on Reset Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
3(d)(ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any 
(in accordance with Condition 3(d)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) and whether any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3(d)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments)) are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(d)(i) shall act in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the 
absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Agent, any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it 
pursuant to this Condition 3(d). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 3(d)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or 
Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate, provided however that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 3(d)(i) 
prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may 
be, it shall provide notice of that fact to the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders not less 
than 2 Business Days prior the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date and (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period or 
(ii) in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be 
equal to the Initial Rate of Interest or (iii) in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or if 
the immediately preceding Reset Period is the First Reset Period, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of 
Interest for Floating Rate Notes shall be the initial Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for 
Reset Notes shall be the Initial Rate of Interest (as applicable). Where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) 
relating to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be substituted in 
place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable). For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Condition 3(d)(i) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset 
Periods (as applicable) are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 3(d)(i). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if 
the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3(d)(i) (Independent Adviser) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 3(d)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 3(d)); or 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 3(d)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3(d)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if 
the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, 
an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3(d)(i) (Independent Adviser) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 3(d) and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3(d)(i) 
(Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as the case may be) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and the Agency Agreement, including but 
not limited to Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or necessary or appropriate to 
comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related 
document issued by the competent regulatory authority (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 3(d)(v) (Notices) and subject (to the 
extent required) to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required 
from, or non-objection from, the Competent Authority, without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders vary these Conditions and the 
Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3(d)(iv), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(d), no Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and 
conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer and/or the Group and/or (i) result in the exclusion of the relevant Series of Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements or (ii) (in the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes only) result in 
the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority treating the Interest 
Payment Date or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity date of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant maturity date. In such cases (i) the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period 
or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
be equal to the Initial Rate of Interest or (iii) in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or if 
the immediately preceding Reset Period is the First Reset Period, the First Reset Rate of 
Interest. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of 
Interest for Floating Rate Notes shall be the initial Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for 
Reset Notes shall be the Initial Rate of Interest (as applicable). 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period 
(as applicable) shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period or 
Reset Period. 
The Agents shall not be obliged to effect any Benchmark Amendment if in the reasonable 
opinion of the relevant Agent doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the 
protective provisions afforded to the relevant Agent in these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement in any way. 
In no event shall the Calculation Agent be responsible for determining any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread, Benchmark Amendments or Benchmark Event. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by the 
Issuer or the Independent Adviser and will have no liability for such actions taken at the 
direction of the Issuer or the Independent Adviser. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Condition 3(d), if in the Calculation Agent’s 
reasonable opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action 
in making any determination or calculation under this condition 3(d), the Calculation Agent 
shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in 
writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not 
promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or 
determinations for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall 
be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any 
liability for not doing so. 
(v) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 3(d), or as applicable, any 
determination by the Issuer that no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will 
be adopted and that no amendments to the Terms and Conditions of any series of Notes to 
effect any Benchmark Amendments shall be made and that the fallbacks provided under 
Condition 3(d)(iv) above shall apply, will be notified promptly (but in any event no later than 
2 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date) 
by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Agent and each Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 12 (Notices), the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 3(d)(i) (Independent 
Adviser) to 3(d)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback 
provisions provided for in Condition 3(b)(ii) (Interest on Reset Notes – Fallbacks) and 
Condition 3(c)(ii)(B) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes) will continue to 
apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(vii) Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(d): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders, Receiptholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for international debt capital market transactions or over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
(or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged); or 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) 
is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(d)(iv) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator 
has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the 
following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six 
months; or 
(e) 
it has become unlawful for the Agent, any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate; 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) above, the Benchmark Event shall 
occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original 
Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 3(d)(i) (Independent Adviser); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
(e) 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the 
Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
 
than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined as provided 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate, if the rate or 
amount of interest falls to be determined by reference to an exchange rate, the rate or amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
Interest on Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
(f) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of:  
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note 
has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
4. 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of 
the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); and  
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque.  
(b) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in any jurisdiction, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation), and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
 
(c) 
Presentation of definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 4(a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest in respect 
of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and save as 
provided in Condition 4(e) below) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for 
payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition 7 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the 
date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof.  
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be 
made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note 
which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note.  
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note.  
(d) 
Payments in respect of Global Notes  
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable, against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as applicable.

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
 
(e) 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 4(a) above 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment 
will be made in the manner provided in Condition 4(a) above only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with 
the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment 
together with the definitive Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the definitive Note 
to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any 
definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
(f) 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest 
in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if:  
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due;  
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and  
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.  
(g) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 7 (Prescription)) is:  
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits):  
(A) 
in the relevant place of presentation, in the case of Notes in definitive form only; and 
(B) 
in each Additional Financial Centre specified in the Form of Final Terms; and

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 
System is open.  
(h) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6 
(Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
(vi) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 5(g) 
(Early Redemption Amounts); and  
(vii) any premium and any other amounts other than interest which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes.  
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 6 
(Taxation). 
5. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer (i) at least at par in case of Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating Rate 
Notes and Zero Coupon Notes, as specified in the Form of Final Terms in the relevant Specified 
Currency and on the Maturity Date specified in the Form of Final Terms (ii) in the case of Exempt 
Notes, at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the Applicable Pricing Supplement.  
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 5(f) below, Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject to, in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, the provisions of Condition 5(i) below and, in the case of Senior Notes 
and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 5(j) below) in whole, but not in part, 
at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is 
a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the Form of Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
12 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if:

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes (in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
in respect of payments of interest only), the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional 
amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 (Taxation) and, in making payment itself, 
would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 6 
(Taxation)) or any political subdivision of, or any authority in, or of, a Tax Jurisdiction having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, provided that in the case of 
Subordinated Notes the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the relevant Competent 
Authority that such change or amendment is material and was not reasonably foreseeable by 
BMPS as at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes; and  
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of 
the Notes then due.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Agent to make available at its specified office for inspection or collection by, or delivery via 
email to, the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer 
is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and (ii) an opinion of independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay 
such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.  
The Agent is not responsible, nor shall it incur any liability, for monitoring or ascertaining as to 
whether any certifications and/or opinions required by this Condition 5(b) is provided, nor shall it be 
required to review, check or analyse any certifications and/or opinions produced nor shall it be 
responsible for the contents of any such certifications and/or opinions or incur any liability in the 
event the content of such certification is inaccurate or incorrect. 
Each Note redeemed pursuant to this Condition 5(b) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 5(f) below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in in the Form of Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject 
to, in the case Subordinated Notes, the provisions of Condition 5(i) below and, in the cases of Senior 
Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the provisions of Condition 5(j) below), having given not less 
than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the Form of Final 
Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes 
then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the Form of Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in 
each case as may be specified in the Form of Final Terms.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will, 
subject to compliance with applicable law, (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
 
and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with 
the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers 
of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) not less than 
15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  
(d) 
Redemption for Regulatory Reasons 
In respect of any Series of Subordinated Notes, if Regulatory Call is specified in the Form of Final 
Terms, upon occurrence of a Capital Event, the Issuer may (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(i) 
below), on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), or at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the 
Agent and in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such 
other notice period as may be specified hereon) redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then 
outstanding at any time at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 5(f) below together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
a “Capital Event” is deemed to have occurred if, as a result of any change in the regulatory 
classification of the Notes under the Regulatory Capital Requirements, the Notes are (or would be) 
excluded (in whole or in part) from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the Group and, in respect 
of any redemption of Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of 
the relevant Competent Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated 
Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the Notes and (ii) the 
Competent Authority considers such a change to be reasonably certain; 
“Competent Authority” means the Bank of Italy and/or, to the extent applicable in any relevant 
situation, the European Central Bank or any successor or replacement entity to either, or other 
authority or authorities having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of 
the Issuer at the relevant time; and 
“Tier 2 Capital” has the meaning given to it by the Regulatory Capital Requirements from time to 
time. 
(e) 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event 
In respect of any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes where Issuer Call due to 
MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the Form of Final Terms, then the 
Issuer may (subject to the provisions of Condition 5(j) below) on any Interest Payment Date (if this 
Note is a Floating Rate Note), or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the Form of 
Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at any time at their Early 
Redemption Amount as described in Condition 5(f) below (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption, if the Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification 
Event has occurred and is continuing.

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
 
As used in these Conditions:  
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by BRRD II); 
“BRRD II” means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity 
of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
“CRD IV Package” means, taken together (i) the CRD IV, (ii) the CRR and (iii) the Future Capital 
Instruments Regulations; 
“CRD IV” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 
2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by CRD V); 
“CRD V” means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No. 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by CRR II); 
“CRR II” means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2022, as amended or replaced from time to time;  
“Future Capital Instruments Regulations” means any regulatory capital rules or regulations 
introduced after the Issue Date by the Competent Authority or which are otherwise applicable to the 
Issuer (on a solo or, if relevant, consolidated basis), which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any 
other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion 
in the Own Funds of the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) to the extent required by (i) the CRR or (ii) 
the CRD IV; 
“Group Entity” means the Issuer or any legal person that is part of the Group; 
“Loss Absorption Power” means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing from 
time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements, whether relating to the resolution or 
independent of any resolution action, of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities 
incorporated in the relevant Member State in effect and applicable in the relevant Member State to 
the Issuer or other Group Entities, including (but not limited to) any such laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within the context of any European Union 
directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and/or within the context of a 
relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit 
institution, investment firm and/or any Group Entities can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into 
shares or obligations of the obligor or any other person;

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
 
“MREL Disqualification Event” means that, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of such Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is or will be excluded 
fully or partially from eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements, provided that: 
(a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior Notes or of Non-Preferred Senior Notes from the MREL 
Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event 
(b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes from the MREL Requirements due to there 
being insufficient headroom for such Senior Notes within a prescribed exception to the otherwise 
applicable general requirements for eligible liabilities does not constitute an MREL Disqualification 
Event; and (c) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
from MREL Requirements as a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or 
as a result of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not constitute an 
MREL Disqualification Event; 
“MREL Requirements” means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and 
policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-absorbing 
capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, from time to time (including any 
applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, 
any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to 
minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity 
instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy, a relevant Competent Authority, a Relevant Resolution 
Authority or the European Banking Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group), as any of 
the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations 
may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
“Regulatory Capital Requirements” means any requirements contained in the regulations, rules, 
guidelines and policies of the Competent Authority, or of the European Parliament and Council then 
in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
Group from time to time (including any applicable transitional provisions), including, but not limited 
to, as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, the rules contained in, or implementing, the 
CRD IV Package and the BRRD, delegated or implementing acts adopted by the European 
Commission and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority; 
“Relevant Resolution Authority” means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board 
(“SRB”) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to exercise 
or participate in the exercise of any Resolution Power or Loss Absorption Power from time to time; 
“Resolution Power” means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing from 
time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of the Issuer 
or any other entities of the Group, including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation;  
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and Council of 
15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a 
Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from 
time to time (including by SRM II Regulation); and 
“SRM II Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institution capacity of credit institutions and investment firms.

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
 
(f) 
Clean-up redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If Clean-Up Redemption Option is specified as being applicable in the Form of Final Terms, and if 
75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Form of Final Terms (the “Clean-Up 
Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, includes any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series 
with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on 
behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, then the Issuer may at any time, at its option, and having given to 
the Agent and the Noteholders not less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice (the “Clean-Up 
Redemption Notice”), in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in 
part, at their clean-up redemption amount (“Clean-Up Redemption Amount”) together, if 
appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for 
redemption identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice.  
(g) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 5(b), (d) and (e) above and Condition 8 (Events of Default): 
(i) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and 
(ii) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the “Amortised Face Amount”) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
where: 
“RP” equals the Reference Price;  
“AY” equals the Accrual Yield; and  
“y” is the Day Count Fraction specified in the Form of Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption of (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which 
case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365).  
Instalments 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount 
of Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
y
AY)
 
 
(1
 x 
RP
 
Amount 
 
Redemption
Early 



--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
(h) 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 5(j) below in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Condition 5(i) below in respect of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer or any Subsidiary (as defined below) 
of the Issuer may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open 
market or otherwise. All Notes so purchased will be surrendered to a Paying Agent for cancellation. 
References in the Conditions to the purchase of Notes shall not include the purchase of Notes by the 
Issuer or any of their Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business of dealing in securities, as 
nominee or as a bona fide investment.  
“Subsidiary” means any entity which is a subsidiary within the meaning of Section 1159 of the 
Companies Act 2006. 
(i) 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes 
Any redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes in accordance with Conditions 5(b), (c), (d), (f) 
or (h) above or Condition 13 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver) (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation in accordance with Condition 13) is subject to: 
(i) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Competent Authority and the Competent Authority granting 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case to the extent, 
and in the manner, required by the Regulatory Capital Requirements (as defined in Condition 
5(e) above, including Articles 77(b) and 78 of CRR); and 
(ii) 
compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to redemption or 
purchase, as applicable, set out in the Regulatory Capital Requirements for the time being. 
(j) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
Any redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes in accordance with 
Conditions 5(b), (c), (e), (f) or (h) above or Condition 13 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, 
Waiver) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver)) is subject to compliance by the Issuer 
with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL Requirements at the 
relevant time (including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the 
qualification of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL Requirements) and, including, as relevant, the condition that the Issuer 
has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 
78a of the CRR. 
(k) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes 
so cancelled and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph 5(h) above (together with 
all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent 
and cannot be reissued or resold.

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
 
(l) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 5(a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 8 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 5(g)(ii) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the 
date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to 
the date which is the earlier of:  
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(ii) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
6. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts in respect of interest only as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall 
equal the respective amounts of interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of 
the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable:  
(a) 
with respect to any Notes, Receipts or Coupons for or on account of imposta sostitutiva (at 
the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 
1996 and in all circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Legislative Decree No. 
239 have not been met or complied with except where such procedures have not been met 
or complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
(b) 
with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such 
Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or  
(iii) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction 
in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by making a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant taxing authority; or  
(iv) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have 
been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4(g) (Payment Day)); or  
(c) 
in respect of any Note where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Law 
Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983.

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
 
As used herein:  
(i) 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) or any political subdivision of 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and  
(ii) 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior 
to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been 
so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices). 
7. 
Prescription 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or 
interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of 
interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 (Taxation)) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 4(b) (Payments 
Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 4(b) 
(Payments Subject to Fiscal and Other Laws). 
8. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Events of Default relating to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
This Condition 8(a) applies only to Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
If any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur with respect to 
any Senior Note or Non-Preferred Senior Note: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall be liquidated (including becoming subject to “Liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa” as defined in the Italian Consolidated Banking Act (as amended from time to 
time)); or  
(ii) 
the Issuer shall be insolvent,  
then any holder of a Senior Note or Non-Preferred Senior Notes may, by written notice to the Issuer 
at the specified office of the Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare 
any Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable 
whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 5(g) (Early Redemption Amounts)), together with accrued interest (if any) to 
the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind.  
(b) 
Event of Default relating to Subordinated Notes  
This Condition 8(b) applies only to Subordinated Notes.  
If any one or more of the following Events of Default shall occur with respect to any Subordinated 
Note: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall be liquidated (including becoming subject to “Liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa” as defined in the Italian Consolidated Banking Act (as amended from time to 
time)); or

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
 
(ii) 
the Issuer shall be insolvent, 
then any holder of a Subordinated Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of 
the Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare any such Subordinated 
Notes held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith 
due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 5(g) (Early Redemption 
Amounts)), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, 
demand, protest or other notice of any kind.  
9. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons  
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity 
as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
10. 
Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying 
Agents will be specified in Part B of the Form of Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that:  
(a) 
there will at all times be an Agent; and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange (or any other relevant authority), there 
will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be required by 
the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange (or any other relevant authority). 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5(g) (Early Redemption Amounts). Notice of any 
variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders 
promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders, Receiptholders 
or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent.  
11. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if 
such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment 
of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 7 (Prescription).

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
 
12. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (i) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London, and (ii) if and for so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on, and listed on, the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and/or on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
website (www.bourse.lu). It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the 
Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort or Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall 
also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations 
of any stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in 
more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or authority so require, such 
notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in 
a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by the rules of that stock 
exchange or authority. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes 
on the second day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any 
of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to 
the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as 
the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this 
purpose.  
13. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders, including by 
way of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform, to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be 
convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders 
holding not less than ten per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining 
outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than one half in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
 
on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Receiptholders and 
Couponholders.  
The Issuer and the Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to:  
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the 
Agency Agreement which is not, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders; or  
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law.  
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of the Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect 
to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 3(d) (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall 
not require the consent or approval of Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, subject (to the 
extent required) to the Issuer giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent 
required from, or non-objection from, the Competent Authority. 
In addition, with respect to (i) any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if at any 
time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, and if Variation is specified as being applicable in the 
Form of Final Terms, or (ii) all Notes, if Variation is specified as being applicable in the Form of 
Final Terms, in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the 
relevant Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Agent and the holders of the Notes of that Series (or such other notice periods as may be specified in 
the Form of Final Terms, at any time vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right 
of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
In these Conditions: 
“Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes” means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities 
being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s (as applicable) 
minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL 
Requirements; (B) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (C) 
have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to 
time applying to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued 
but unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the event the Notes carry a rating

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
 
immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher credit ratings 
as were assigned to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes immediately prior to such variation (save 
that, for the avoidance of doubt, where any credit rating was, as a result of Condition 16 
(Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) becoming ineffective and/or unenforceable, amended prior 
to such variation, reference in this sub-clause (F) shall be to such credit rating prior to such 
amendment);  
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Non-Preferred Senior Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation; and 
(c) 
comply with the requirements provided by Article 12-bis, paragraph 1 of the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act, as amended from time to time. 
“Qualifying Senior Notes” means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Notes 
(as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Senior Notes, and they shall also 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) have a ranking 
at least equal to that of the Senior Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same 
Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Notes; (D) have the 
same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes 
to any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the event the Notes carry 
a rating immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher 
credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Notes immediately prior to such variation (save 
that, for the avoidance of doubt, where any credit rating was, as a result of Condition 16 
(Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) becoming ineffective and/or unenforceable, amended prior 
to such variation, reference in this sub-clause (F) shall be to such credit rating prior to such 
amendment); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such variation. 
“Qualifying Subordinated Notes” means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Subordinated 
Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Subordinated Notes, and 
they shall also (A) comply with the then-current requirements of the Regulatory Capital 
Requirements in relation to Tier 2 capital, (B) have a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Subordinated Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment 
Dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same 
redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes 
to any accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the event the Notes carry 
a rating immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher 
credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such variation 
(save that, for the avoidance of doubt, where any credit rating was, as a result of Condition 16 
(Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) becoming ineffective and/or unenforceable, amended prior 
to such variation, reference in this sub-clause (F) shall be to such credit rating prior to such 
amendment); and

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation. 
For avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation pursuant to this Condition 13 is subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5(i) (Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes) 
(in respect of Subordinated Notes) and Condition 5(j) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) (in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes). 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions 
the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes.  
15. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of the above 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law.  
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 15(b)(iii) below, the courts of Milan are to have jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons, 
including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons (a 
“Dispute”) and accordingly the Issuer and any Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders 
in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.  
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 15(b) the Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection to 
the courts of Milan on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute.  
(iii) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders may, 
in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; 
and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.  
(c) 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of Milan.  
16. 
Statutory Loss Absorption Powers 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the exercise 
of any Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result in the write-down 
or cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes and/or the 
conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions on, the Notes into ordinary 
shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to the

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
 
terms of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant Resolution Authority of such Loss 
Absorption Power. Each Noteholder further acknowledges and agrees that the exercise of such Loss 
Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority may result in any interest accrued on the 
Notes remaining unpaid and/or being cancelled. Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the 
Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any 
Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual 
exercise of the date from which the Loss Absorption Power is effective with respect to the Notes, the 
Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice 
shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Loss Absorption Power nor the effects on the 
Notes described in this Condition. 
The exercise of the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Notes shall not constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue 
to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable with respect 
to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of distributions payable to reflect the reduction 
of the principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the Relevant Resolution 
Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations relating to the resolution of 
credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating 
to the application of any Loss Absorption Power to the Notes.

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
 
Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to the relevant Tranche of Notes, either: 
(a) 
for its general corporate purposes, which include making a profit, and for general capital requirements; 
or. 
(b) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Green Projects, Social Projects or Sustainability Projects 
(each as defined below). 
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) Green 
Bond Principles (“GBP”), only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Green Projects (mentioned at 
((b)) above) will be denominated Green Bonds.  
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Social Bond Principles (“SBP”), only Tranches of Notes 
financing or refinancing Social Projects (mentioned at paragraph ((b)) above) will be denominated Social 
Bonds.  
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines (“SBG”), only Tranches 
of Notes financing or refinancing Sustainability Projects (mentioned at paragraph ((b)) above) will be 
denominated Sustainability Bonds. 
In relation to any Green Projects, Social Projects or Sustainability Projects the Issuer will make available 
under the investor relations section on its website (www.gruppomps.it/en) (i) a sustainability framework (the 
“Sustainability Bond Framework”), as amended and supplemented from time to time, which will set out 
the categories of Green Projects, Social Projects or Sustainable Projects identified by the Issuer and (ii) a 
second party opinion assessing the alignment of the Sustainability Bond Framework with the GBP, SBP 
and/or SBG (the “Second Party Opinion”).  
For the avoidance of doubt, any such Sustainability Bond Framework or Second Party Opinion (once 
adopted) is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Definitions: 
“Green Projects” will be defined in accordance with the the broad categorisation of eligibility for Green 
Projects as set out in the GBP or as from time to time otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Social Projects” will be defined in accordance with the the broad categorisation of eligibility for Social 
Projects as set out in the SBP or as from time to time otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Sustainability Projects” will be defined as a combination of both Green Projects and Social Projects as set 
out in the SBG or as from time to time otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
1. 
General  
BMPS was incorporated on 14 August 1995 as a joint stock company (Società per Azioni) under Italian 
legislation. On 23 August 1995, BMPS was registered with the Bank of Italy’s Register (No. 5274) and with 
the Companies Register (No. 00884060526). BMPS has its registered office in Piazza Salimbeni 3, 53100, 
Siena, Italy (telephone number: +39 0577 294 111). BMPS’ duration is currently limited to 31 December 
2100 though this may be extended by shareholders’ resolution. The LEI code of BMPS is 
J4CP7MHCXR8DAQMKIL78. BMPS’ website is https://www.gruppomps.it/en/. 
BMPS’s corporate purpose, as set out under article 3 of its by-laws, is as follows: “The purpose of BMPS is 
to collect and maintain savings and issue loans and credit, in various forms in Italy and abroad, including 
any related activity permitted to lending institutions by current regulations. BMPS can carry out, in 
accordance with the laws and regulations in force, all permitted banking and financial activities and any 
other transaction which is instrumental, or in any case linked, to the achievement of the company’s purpose”. 
BMPS is the parent company of an Italian banking group operating throughout the Republic of Italy. BMPS 
Group offers a wide range of financial services and products to private individuals and corporations. The 
products and services include ordinary and specialised deposit-taking and lending including leasing and 
factoring; payment services (home banking, cash management, credit or debit cards and treasury services 
for public entities); and asset management (through joint venture), brokerage services and corporate finance 
(project finance, merchant banking, financial consulting). 
Pursuant to article 2497 and subsequent articles of the Italian Civil Code, the role of the parent company is 
carried out by BMPS which directs and coordinates the activities of its subsidiaries, including companies 
that, under current regulations, do not belong to the BMPS Group. BMPS has been a member of FTSE Italia 
Mid Cap since June 2018 with a share capital of Euro 7,453,450,788.44 as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
On June 1999, BMPS was listed on the Italian stock exchange. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance is BMPS’s majority shareholder. 
2. 
History  
BMPS, which is believed to be the oldest bank in the world, has been in continuous operation since 1472, 
when the General Council of the Republic of Siena approved its original charter. The Bank, then known as 
“Monte di Pietà”, was originally established by the Republic of Siena for the purpose of providing a 
controlled source of lending for the local community and to fight usury. In 1624, the Bank changed its name 
to “Monte dei Paschi di Siena” after the paschi, the grazing fields owned by the Grand Duchy of Tuscany, 
which generated income that was pledged to support the Bank’s capital. Following the unification of the 
Republic of Italy, the Bank extended its activities beyond the immediate outskirts of Siena. However, 
significant expansion of the Bank’s activities occurred only after World War I, both geographically (with 
the opening of approximately 100 additional branches) and in terms of activities undertaken (with the 
commencement of various tax collection activities on behalf of national and regional governments). In 1936, 
the Bank was declared a public credit institution (Istituto di Credito di Diritto Pubblico) organised under a 
new charter, which, although modified during this period, remained in force until 1995.  
In 1995, the Bank was reorganised in accordance with Law No. 218 of 30 July 1990 (the “Amato Law”) 
and was incorporated as a Società per Azioni or joint stock company owned by Monte dei Paschi di Siena 
— Istituto di Diritto Pubblico (the “Foundation”). 
3. 
Events  
3.1 
Major Events

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
 
a) 
Precautionary Recapitalisation 
On 28 July 2017, the MEF, through a ministerial decree (the “Burden Sharing Decree”), ordered the 
application of the burden sharing measures set out by article 22, subsections 2 and 4 of Decree 237, and the 
strengthening of the Bank’s capital for an amount equal to Euro 4,472,909,844.60 with issuance of 
517,099,404 ordinary shares assigned to the holders of certain subordinated notes and other subordinated 
liabilities (the “Burden Sharing Notes”), which were converted into shares at the unitary price of Euro 8.65.  
On the same date, another ministerial decree (the “Recapitalisation Decree”) provided for the Bank’s 
Capital Increase for an amount equal to Euro 3,854,215,456.30, to serve the subscription of 593,869,870 
shares by the MEF executed on 3 August 2017 at the unitary price of Euro 6.49. On 11August 2017, the 
capital increase transaction for a combined total of Euro 8,327 million was finalized. 
In addition to the above, the Bank also carried out a Public Offering for Exchange and Settlement pursuant 
to Decree 237 and providing for the purchase by the Bank, in the name and on behalf of the MEF, of the 
new shares assigned to former holders of Burden Sharing Notes pursuant to the Burden Sharing Decree. 
Following the completion of this transaction, the MEF’s ownership share of MPS increased from 52.184% 
to 68.247%.  
b) 
2017-2021 Restructuring Plan  
On 26 June 2017, the board of directors approved the Restructuring Plan, prepared according to the European 
legislation on State aid applicable to banks’ capital reinforcement measures in the context of the financial 
crisis.  
The Restructuring Plan which set out the assumptions for the Precautionary Recapitalisation and Capital 
Enhancement, together with the relevant implementing measures, was notified to the European Commission, 
which in July 2017 issued a positive decision on the compatibility of the intervention with the EU legislative 
framework. 
The Restructuring Plan furthermore listed a number of commitments made by the Italian State to DG Comp 
– as required by European legislation – with regard to several aspects of the Restructuring Plan, among 
which: 
 
cost reduction: annual constraints in terms of number of branches, employees, cost/income and total 
operating costs, additional cuts up to a maximum of Euro 100 million in case the operating result 
targets (gross of LLPs) were not met; 
 
disposals of non-strategic assets: disposal of foreign subsidiaries, disposal of a list of company stakes 
over the Restructuring Plan’s horizon, provided that the disposal price resulted in a capital neutral 
impact, and disposal of part of the Bank’s real-estate property; 
 
contingency risk: in addition to the mentioned bulk deconsolidation of the most of the bank’s bad loan 
portfolio, strengthened risk control, limitations on trading activity in terms of value at risk and of the 
nature of the traded instruments; 
 
prohibition to carry out transactions in connection with the acquisition of companies; and 
 
a remuneration cap equal to 10 times the average salary of BMPS employees.  
A monitoring trustee, appointed by the Bank with the approval of DG Comp, was entrusted to verify the 
compliance with these Commitments on a quarterly basis. 
c) 
Partial, non-proportional demerger with asymmetric option from BMPS in favour of AMCO

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
 
On 29 June 2020, the Board of Directors of BMPS and the Board of Directors of AMCO, a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of the MEF, approved the project related to the Demerger Transaction and relating to a 
compendium of NPEs, DTAs, other assets, financial debts, other liabilities and net equity, subject to certain 
conditions, first of all the positive scrutiny by the ECB. On 25 November 2020 the deed for the partial non-
proportional demerger from BMPS in favour of AMCO with the granting of an asymmetric option to BMPS’ 
shareholders, other than the MEF, was executed following the assessment, by the Board of Directors of 
BMPS, on the fulfilment of the conditions precedent which such demerger is subject to, including – in 
particular – the enrolment with the Companies’ Register of Arezzo-Siena of the deed for the partial demerger 
of MPS Capital Services in favour of the Bank which was executed on 19 November 2020, enrolled with 
such Companies’ Register on 20 November 2020 and was effective as of 26 November 2020. The Demerger 
Transaction was effective (towards third parties) as of 1 December 2020. At the end of the exchange 
transactions, the MEF owned 64.23% of BMPS share capital, while BMPS directly and indirectly held 3.62% 
of its own shares. For more information in this respect, reference is made to the 2020 Consolidated Financial 
Statements. On 4 October 2021, BMPS concluded the sale of 36,280,748 own shares (equal to approximately 
3.62% of the share capital of BMPS), which had been initiated on 22 February 2021. 
d) 
2021-2025 Group Strategic Plan  
On 17 December 2020, the Board of Directors of BMPS approved the 2021-2025 strategic plan, which has 
been prepared taking into account, inter alia, the Commitments assumed by the Italian Government in 2017 
pursuant to the Restructuring Plan and the Prime Minister’s Decree dated 16 October 2020 relating to the 
disposal of the investment held by the MEF in the share capital of BMPS to be carried out through the market 
and also through operations aimed at consolidating the banking system. For more information in this respect, 
reference is made to paragraph “2021-2025 Group Strategic Plan” of the section “Consolidated Report on 
Operations” of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements that is incorporated by reference to this Base 
Prospectus. 
e) 
2022-2026 Business Plan  
On 22 June 2022, the Board of Directors of BMPS approved the Business Plan 2022-2026. Through this 
plan, BMPS intends to strengthen its role as leading commercial bank in Italy with a clear and simple 
business model. The Business Plan 2022-2026 is centered around the following pillars: 1) achieve business 
model sustainability; 2) build a solid and resilient balance sheet; 3) tackle the legacy issues. 
For more information with respect to the contents of the Business Plan 2022-2026, reference is made to the 
Business Plan 2022-2026 – Press Release and the Business Plan 2022-2026 Presentation, which are both 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
f) 
Transactions for the assignment of non-performing loans 
On 4 August 2022, BMPS, MPS Capital Services and MPS Leasing & Factoring S.p.A. entered into three 
agreements for the disposal of a NPL portfolio for more than Euro 0.9 billion as a further step in the 
implementation of the 2022-2026 Business Plan. 
3.2 
Recent developments 
a) 
Completion of the share capital increase of Euro 2.5 billion with the full subscription of the new 
shares 
On 4 November 2022, BMPS announced that the capital increase, concerning no. 1,249,665,648 newly 
issued BMPS ordinary shares, is fully subscribed for the total amount of Euro 2,499,331,296. BMPS's new 
share capital is therefore equal to Euro 7,453,450,788.44, divided into no. 1,259,689,706 ordinary shares 
with no indication of par value. On 15 November 2022, the relevant statement pursuant to Article 2444 of

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
 
the Italian Civil Code will be filed with the Company Register of Arezzo-Siena in accordance with applicable 
law.  
For more information please refer to the Capital Increase - Press Release incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus. 
b) 
Merger by incorporation of Consorzio Operativo Gruppo Montepaschi S.c.p.a. into BMPS  
On 2 December 2022, it was announced that, in execution of the resolutions passed on 10 November 2022, 
respectively by the Board of Directors of BMPS and the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of Consorzio 
Operativo di Gruppo (hereinafter the “COG”, a company wholly-owned by BMPS), BMPS and COG have 
entered into the merger deed relating to the merger by incorporation of COG into BMPS. The Merger is 
effective as of 5 December 2022, and as of 1 January 2022 with respect to the accounting and tax effects. 
3.3 
SREP Decisions 
The Issuer, to the extent it exercises the banking activity and provides investment services, is subject to 
complex regulation and to the specific supervision of, among others, the ECB and the Bank of Italy, each 
for the relevant aspects of competence. In exercising supervisory powers, the ECB and the Bank of Italy 
subject the Issuer, on a periodic basis, to various investigation and/or verification activities, both ordinary 
and extraordinary, for the purpose of fulfilling prudential supervision duties.  
In particular, the ECB carries out the SREP at least once a year to verify that credit institutions have adequate 
capital and organisational control measures compared against the risks they take, ensuring effective risk 
management. Specifically, the SREP process is based on the following four pillars: (i) assessment of 
feasibility and sustainability of the business model; (ii) assessment of the adequacy of governance and risk 
management; (iii) assessment of capital risks; and (iv) assessment of liquidity risks. At the end of the annual 
SREP process, the supervisory authority expresses a decision (the “SREP Decision”) on quantitative capital 
and/or liquidity requirements together with any other organisational and control recommendations that credit 
institutions are required to comply with. 
3.3.1 2021 SREP Decision  
On 3 February 2022, the Bank has announced that it has received the ECB’s final decision regarding own 
funds requirements to be met starting from 1 March 2022. 
According to this decision, as from 1 March 2022, MPS Group must fulfil a total SREP capital requirement 
(“TSCR”) of 10.75% on a consolidated basis, which includes: 
 
a Pillar 1 minimum requirement (“P1R”) of 8% (of which 4.50% in terms of CET1); and 
 
an additional Pillar 2 requirement (“P2R”) of 2.75% (remaining at the same level required for 2021), 
of which at least 56.25% must be met in terms of CET1 and at least 75% must be composed of Tier 
1. 
The overall minimum requirement in terms of total capital ratio is 13.50%, obtained by adding a 2.75% CBR 
to the TSCR. 
The overall minimum requirement in terms of CET1 ratio is 8.80%, the sum of P1R (4.50%), P2R (1.55%) 
and CBR (2.75%); the overall minimum requirement in terms of Tier 1 is 10.82%, inclusive of P1R of 6%, 
P2R of 2.06% and CBR of 2.75%. 
On the basis of the capital ratios as of 31 December 2020, in the context of the 2021 SREP Decision the 
ECB confirmed for the Issuer the decision - already in force - to dividend restrictions.

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
 
3.3.2 
2022 Final SREP Decision 
On 27 December 2022 BMPS has announced it has received the 2022 Final SREP Decision of the ECB 
regarding the capital requirements to be respected starting from 1 January 2023. For 2023 ECB confirms 
srep capital requirements in line with 2022 and already complied with. Following the successful outcome of 
the Capital Increase for 2.5 billion Euros, the ECB also removed the ban on the distribution of dividends, 
replacing it with the obligation for the Bank to obtain prior authorization from the supervisory authority. In 
2023 for the MPS Group - at consolidated level - a total SREP capital requirement (TSCR) of 10.75% is 
envisaged, which includes:  
 
a minimum requirement of own funds - P1R of 8% (of which 4.50% of CET1); and  
 
an additional P2R of 2.75%, which is at the same level that was required for 2022, to be held for at 
least 56.25% in the form of Common Equity Tier 1 - CET1 - and 75% in the form of Tier 1 capital.  
The overall minimum requirement in terms of total capital ratio, obtained by adding a CBR of 2.75% to the 
TSCR, is 13.50%.  
The overall minimum requirement in terms of CET 1 ratio is 8.80%, the sum of P1R (4.50%), P2R (1.55%) 
and CBR (2.75%); the overall minimum requirement in terms of Tier 1 is 10.82%, inclusive of P1R of 6%, 
P2R of 2.06% and CBR of 2.75%.  
The Bank's capital ratios at consolidated level as at 30 September 2022, taking into account the capital 
increase concluded on 4 November 2022 for approximately Euro 2.5 billion and the related costs, are equal 
to: 15.7% for Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, 15.7% for the Tier 1 ratio, 19.5% for the Total Capital ratio, 
calculated by applying the transitional criteria in force for 2022; 14.7% for the Common Equity Tier 1 ratio, 
14.7% for the Tier 1 ratio, 18.5% for the Total Capital ratio, calculated by applying the fully loaded criteria. 
As regards P2G, it is confirmed at 2.50%, to be met with Common Equity Tier 1. 
4. 
Ratings  
On 24 November 2022 Fitch completed its annual review, resulting in the decision to upgrade the Long-
Term Issuer Default Rating (“IDR”) to “B+” from “B” and the Viability Rating (“VR”) to “b+” from “b”. 
The outlook has improved to “stable” from “evolving”. 
On 15 June 2022 DBRS completed its annual review, resulting in the decision to confirm all BMPS ratings, 
including the Long-Term Issuer Rating of “B (high)”, Long-Term Senior Debt Rating of “B (high)” and 
Long-Term Deposits Rating of “BB (low)”. The trend on all ratings was confirmed stable. 
On 17 March 2022 Moody’s Investors Service concluded its review for the upgrade confirming BMPS “b3” 
standalone Baseline Credit Assessment and long-term ratings (including the “B1” long-term bank deposits 
rating and “Caa1” long-term senior unsecured rating). 
 
Ratings 
Agencies 
Long term 
rating 
Outlook 
Short term 
rating 
Outlook 
Last 
updated 
Moody’s 
Caa1  
Stable 
(P)NP21 
- 
17 March 
2022 
                                                     
21 
Pursuant to the rating scale of Moody’s Investor Service, “NP” rating refers to issuers rated “Not Prime”, i.e. that do not fall within 
any of the “Prime” rating categories. The short-term rating is on the issuance programme and is therefore provisional (P).

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
 
Fitch 
B+  
Stable 
B22 
- 
24 
November 
2022 
DBRS 
B (High) 
Stable 
R-423 
Stable 
15 June 2022 
5. 
Principal companies of the BMPS Group  
BMPS, as the parent company of the BMPS Group, performs the functions of policy, governance and control 
of the controlled financial companies and subsidiaries in addition to its banking activities. 
BMPS, as the bank that exercises the management and coordination activities of the BMPS Group, pursuant 
to the fourth paragraph of article 61 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act, issues, in the performance of 
the activities of management and coordination, instructions to the companies within the Group, including 
executing the instructions given by the relevant supervisory bodies and in the interest of maintaining the 
Group’s stability. 
The list below sets out the main companies of the Banking Group and their percentage ownership as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus.  
 
6. 
BMPS Group Profile 
As at 30 June 2022, the BMPS Group is an Italian banking institution with approximately more than 3.7 
million customers, assets of Euro 131.4 billion (rounded) and significant market shares in all the areas of 
                                                     
22 
Pursuant to the rating scale of Fitch Ratings, “B” rating refers to minimal capacity for timely payment of financial commitments, plus 
heightened vulnerability to adverse changes in financial and economic conditions in the in short term. 
23 
Pursuant to the rating scale of DBRS, “R-4” rating refers to a short-term security (or to a short-term securities portfolio) with a highly 
speculative grade whose short-term redemption capacity is uncertain. 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena 
S.p.A.  
Parent company 
MPS Capital Services S.p.A. 
100%  
MPS Leasing & Factoring S.p.A.  
100% 
Monte Paschi Banque S.A. 
100%  
Cirene Finance S.r.l.   60% 
 MPS Covered Bond S.r.l. 90% 
MPS Covered Bond 2 S.r.l. 90% 
G.Imm.Astor S.r.l. 
52%  
(*) Subsidiaries under control “de facto” 
Direct control 
Indirect control 
Immobiliere Victor Hugo S.C.I. 
100%  
Monte Paschi Conseil France 
S.A.S. 
100%  
Monte Paschi Fiduciaria S.p.A. 
100%  
Aiace Reoco S.r.l. in liquidazione 
100% 
Magazzini Generali Fiduciari di 
Mantova S.p.A. 
100%  
Wise Dialog Bank S.p.A. 
100%  
Siena Mortgages 10 7 S.r.l. 
7%
(*) 
Siena PMI 2016 S.r.l. 10%
(*) 
Siena Mortgages 07 5 S.p.A. 
7%
(*) 
Siena Mortgages 09 6 S.r.l.  
7%
(*) 
Siena Lease 2016-2 S.r.l. 
10%
(*)

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
 
business in which it operates. 
Based on the agreement reached on 4 August 2022 with the trade unions for the management of about 3,500 
voluntary exits as of 1 December 2022, thanks to an early-retirement scheme and the activation of the sector’s 
Solidarity Fund, as of the date of the Base Prospectus BMPS Group counts approximately 17,000 employees 
due to the exit of more than 4,000 resources. 
The Group’s main activity is retail banking which involves the provision of banking services for individuals, 
such as financial and insurance products, financial promotion, wealth management and third entities’ 
securities offers. Other areas of business are: leasing and factoring; consumer lending; corporate finance and 
investment banking. 
Customers are divided by target segments to which an ad hoc service model is applied in order to best 
respond to the specific needs and demands expressed, and are served through an integrated combination of 
“physical” and “remote” distribution channels. 
The Group mainly operates in the Republic of Italy through, as at 9 December 2022, 1,368 branches, 127 
specialised centres, 109 Widiba financial advisory offices.  
The foreign network includes, as at 30 June 2022, an operational branch in Shanghai, eight representative 
office boards located in various “target areas” (Central-Eastern Europe, North Africa, India and China) and 
a bank under foreign law, Monte Paschi Banque S.A., in respect of which the Issuer has already resolved in 
2018 to start an orderly winding-down process by setting up a plan in compliance with the provisions set out 
in Commitment no.14 “Disposal of Participations and business”. 
Organisational structure  
Group overview 
The BMPS Group is a financial, credit, insurance, integrated and multi-market entity, characterised by an 
organisation based on four pillars: 
- 
a central direction and management coordination structure represented by BMPS as parent company 
of the Group, which also carries out operational activities on behalf of the commercial network; 
- 
a production structure, consisting of the product companies, dedicated to the development of specialist 
financial instruments to offer the market; 
- 
a distribution structure, consisting of the business units of both BMPS and Banca Widiba, with a 
network of financial advisors. 
The BMPS Group’s operations focus on traditional retail and commercial banking services, with activities 
prevalent in Italy.  
The Group is also active through its specialised product companies in business areas such as leasing, 
factoring, corporate finance and investment banking. The insurance-pension sector is covered by a strategic 
partnership with AXA while asset management activities are based on the offer of investment products of 
independent third parties. 
The Group combines traditional services offered through the network of branches and specialised centres 
with an innovative self-service and digital services system enhanced by the skills of the Widiba financial 
advisor network. 
Foreign banking operations are focused on supporting the internationalisation processes of corporate clients

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
 
in all major foreign financial markets. 
BMPS Group is also present in specific non-banking business areas with the aim of directly controlling 
economic areas of particular interest, such as companies operating in the viticulture sector (MPS Poggio 
Bonelli) and the agricultural sector (Magazzini Generali). 
Intragroup transactions primarily regard the financial support from the Bank as parent company to other 
companies, outsourcing services relative to the auxiliary activities provided by the Bank as parent company 
(IT services, administrative services and property administration). 
The BMPS Group’s organisational structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus is set out below 
 
 
BMPS as parent company of the Group 
Through its Head Office, BMPS performs functions of direction, coordination and control over the Group’s 
companies, as part of the more general guidelines set out by the board of directors and in the interest of the 
Group’s stability. 
The monitoring and control functions (Chief Audit Executive department and Chief Risk Officer department) 
report to the Board of Directors, the business, governance and support functions, in addition to the 
compliance department, are directly supervised by the chief executive officer, strengthening the 
specialisation of the departments dedicated to the individual business segments. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is divided into the following structures reporting directly to 
the Chief Executive Officer: 
 
the Chief Lending Officer department; 
 
the Chief Commercial Officer Retail department; 
GRUPPO MONTEPASCHI 
 
 
ORGANIZATIONAL MODEL 
MPS 
CAPITAL SERVICES 
MPS 
FIDUCIARIA 
MPS 
LEASING AND 
FACTORING

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
the Chief Commercial Officer Corporate and Private; 
 
the Chief Commercial Officer Large Corporate & Investment Banking; 
 
the Chief Safety Officer department; 
 
the Group General Counsel department; 
 
the Chief Financial Officer department; 
 
the Chief Operating Officer department; 
 
the Chief Human Capital Officer department; 
 
the Chief Compliance Executive department; 
 
the Communication staff;  
 
the CEO and Regulatory Affairs staff; and 
 
the Transparency Program staff.  
The organisational chart of the Bank’s head offices as at the date of this Base Prospectus is set out below: 
 
7. 
Funding  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group employs various sources of funding, on the domestic market 
and international markets, both from retail customers and qualified/institutional investors.  
Chief Risk 
Officer 
Board of 
Statutory 
Auditors 
staff 
Chief Audit 
Executive 
Board of 
Directors 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
Chief 
Compliance 
Executive 
Chief Safety 
Officer 
Group 
General 
Counsel 
Transparency 
Program staff 
Communication 
staff 
CEO and 
Regulatory 
Affairs staff 
Chief 
Financial 
Officer 
Chief 
Lending 
Officer 
Chief 
Operating 
Office 
Chief 
Human 
Capital 
Officer 
 Chief 
Commercia
l Officer 
Retail 
Chief 
Commercial 
Officer 
Corporate 
and Private 
Chief 
Commercial 
Officer Large 
Corporate & 
Investment 
Banking

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
 
Retail domestic funding is mainly composed by current accounts and time deposits, while institutional 
funding is mainly raised through public bond issues executed under dedicated programmes (“Euro 50 billion 
Debt Issuance Programme” - Euro Medium Term Notes, for senior and/or subordinated notes and “Euro 20 
billion Covered Bond Programme”, for covered bonds) and repurchase agreements (repo).  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, outstanding issues under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
are equal to a total aggregate notional amount of Euro 4 billion (rounded); outstanding issues under the 
Covered Bond Programme, placed on the market, are equal to a total aggregate notional amount of Euro 4.3 
billion (rounded). 
A significant funding source is also represented by ECB’s TLTROs III guaranteed by assets pledged by the 
Bank, within the limits and according to the rules established in the Eurosystem. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, TLTROs III outstanding amount to Euro 19,500 million maturing on on 28 June 2023 for an 
amount equal to Euro 11,000 million, on 27 September 2023 for an amount equal to Euro 3.000 million, on 
27 March 2024 for an amount equal to Euro 2.500 million and on 26 June 2024 for an amount equal to Euro 
3.000 million.  
8. 
Competition 
The BMPS Group faces significant competition from a large number of banks throughout the Republic of 
Italy.  
A period of consolidation has created larger, more effective and competitive banking groups. Competition 
in both deposit-taking and lending activities has intensified, contributing to the narrowing of spreads between 
deposits and loan rates.  
In attracting retail deposits and financing retail customers, the Bank primarily competes at the local level 
with medium-sized local banks, and to a lesser extent, with super-regional banks. The Bank’s major 
competitors in other areas of the Italian banking market are Italian national and super-regional banks, such 
as UniCredit, Intesa SanPaolo, Banco BPM, BPER and Credit Agricole Italia. 
Moreover incumbent fintech operators add competitive pressure in the domestic market in specific business 
areas (i.e. payment systems and liquidity management services). 
9. 
ECB/Bank of Italy and Consob inspections during the period 2015-2022  
9.1 
Verification activity on banking transparency  
On 7 October 2019, the Bank of Italy started a new inspection with the aim of verifying compliance with the 
transparency regulations and the fairness of the Bank’s relationship with its customers. The audit ended on 
21 January 2020. Meanwhile, based on the findings of the verification, the Bank launched an action plan, 
including refunds to customers, of which the Bank of Italy was informed.  
On 12 June 2020, the Bank of Italy presented its findings with an evaluation “predominantly non-compliant” 
and notified a formal challenge of the sanctioning procedure for violations subject to administrative sanctions 
under article 145 of the Consolidated Banking Act. At the same time, with a note signed by the governor of 
the Bank of Italy, it was requested to supplement the remedial plan already started. 
On 11 August 2020, the Bank transmitted to the Bank of Italy its observations with regard to the audit report 
and its response to the decision to initiate the sanctioning procedure. At the same time a new remedial action 
plan was activated and completed by 31 December 2020. As a result of the remedial actions, the Bank 
refunded customers for a total amount of Euro 40 million (rounded), of which Euro 4,6 million (rounded) 
referring to sums made available by means of a notice published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of 
Italy and in two national newspapers. A follow-up plan of residual activities is currently being carried out.

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
 
On 3 May 2021, the Bank was imposed a pecuniary administrative sanction of Euro 2.9 million, pursuant to 
article 144 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act. 
On 6 July 2021, the Bank of Italy sent a further notice inviting the Bank to provide additions and 
clarifications regarding (i) the mechanisms adopted to ensure the timely delivery of the European 
standardised information sheet; (ii) the transfer of payment services; (iii) the remuneration of the credit lines; 
and (iv) the application of charges in the event of withdrawal from the current account. In September 2021, 
the Bank provided the expected clarifications. 
The new inspection activity that started on 7 October 2019 and ended on 21 January 2020 regarding the 
transparency matter mentioned above was also conducted with respect to Banca Widiba S.p.A.. Two of the 
Bank of Italy’s findings concerned Banca Widiba which, as the Bank did, launched and completed its own 
remedial action plan by 31 December 2020. 
The sanctioning procedure that involved the Bank did not involve Banca Widiba S.p.A. 
9.2 
Inspection activity on anti-money laundering  
In October 2021, the supervisory division of the Venice branch of the Bank of Italy carried out inspections 
at three BMPS branches, mainly aimed at investigating the operations of a number of cooperative companies 
subject to bankruptcy proceedings, which are active in the goods transportation sector.  
In August 2022, Bank of Italy communicated the findings of the anti-money laundering desk audit, which 
revealed some areas of weaknesses that resulted in the dependencies' lack of ability to intercept the overall 
phenomenon of cash transactions of cooperatives. The aforementioned weaknesses concerned the process of 
adequate verification and active cooperation, which need the strengthening of safeguards in order to identify, 
characterize and, consequently, address the objective and subjective elements of anomaly in the operations 
of cooperatives, referring both to corporate characteristics and modus operandi.  
The findings of the Supervisory Authority were duly taken into consideration, and the Bank's response letter, 
accompanied by the ongoing and planned corrective measures, and the contents of which were approved by 
the Board of Directors, was sent to the Bank of Italy on 20 December 2022. 
9.3 
Bank of Italy inspection on advisory activities to customers in relation to investment diamonds  
In the context of the same inspection activity initiated on 6 June 2018, it is stated that the supervisory 
authority also provided the Bank with findings with regard to the reporting of investment diamonds to 
customers, carried out by the Bank until February 2017. With reference to these findings, it is specified that 
the Issuer provided timely responses to the supervisory authority within a letter dated 29 March 2019. 
9.4 
Targeted Review of Internal Models (“TRIM”) Investigation Activity 
The TRIM is a multi-annual project, launched by the ECB in 2016 and concluded in 2019, aimed at assessing 
compliance with regulatory requirements of the internal models currently used by banks, as well as their 
reliability and comparability. 
In the period from November 2017 to April 2018, the ECB conducted an on-site investigation of the credit 
risk models (“TRIM 2939”), covering the Probability of Default (“PD”) and Loss given Default (“LGD”) 
parameters of the retail portfolio. On 21 November 2019, the ECB sent a final decision containing 
21 observations, followed by a remediation plan sent to the ECB on 19 December 2019. 
In a letter dated 15 January 2018, the ECB sent feedback to the Bank on the TRIM General Topics self-
assessment phase in which seven deviations from the regulatory requirements were identified. On 22 March 
2018, the Bank sent a reply setting forth the remedial actions that were subsequently implemented in 2019.

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
 
From 21 January 2019 to 29 March 2019, the ECB conducted a Group-wide on-site investigation (“TRIM 
3917”) covering the internal credit risk models of the Bank related to PD, LGD, and Credit Conversion 
Factor on corporate and other exposures. On 10 May 2021 the ECB sent the Bank its final decision allowing 
the continued adoption of the internal models implemented to determine capital requirements on the portfolio 
under investigation. The ECB’s final decision also sets out ten observations with their recommendations and 
obligations to be implemented within certain deadlines. On 31 May 2021, the Bank sent the relevant 
corrective action plan. 
As part of the “Model Change 2021” process, the Group submitted to the ECB a full review of the AIRB 
models, covering PD, LGD and EAD risk parameters, in which it completed the alignment required by the 
European Banking Authority by 1 January 2022 with respect to the guidelines on PD assessment, LGD 
estimation, and treatment of defaulted assets. In the application package submitted for an assessment review 
on 9 November 2021, all actions to remedy the complaints received on the internal models re-envied by 
TRIM/IMI have been carried out and have remained pending. 
9.5 
Inspection activity in relation to the IT Risk (OSI 3832)  
From 26 March 2018 to 26 June 2018, the ECB conducted a Group-wide on-site computer risk investigation 
(the “IT risk”). On 15 November 2018, a report was issued identifying 15 complaints with varying degrees 
of impact mainly relating to IT security areas, the execution by control functions, business continuity, the 
definition of IT strategies and the organization of development projects. It was found that the Group’s IT 
structure was adequate to support the requirements within the horizon of the Restructuring Plan. 
In August 2019, a follow-up letter was sent with recommendations associated with the deficiencies 
highlighted in the report. In April 2020, the Bank informed the ECB of the timely implementation of the 
recommended remedial actions. In addition, plans have been made to improve IT security, with particular 
focus on the management of personal information technology and the management of data classified as 
confidential. In November 2019, a data protection project was also presented to the Bank’s board of 
directors. The project, which is to be implemented over several years, is divided into four phases: (i) 
formalization of data privacy rules and accountability, (ii) implementation of software tools to support data 
protection, (iii) generation of summary reports, and (iv) the introduction of data protection standards on 
relevant areas of information. The first phase, aimed at updating the internal regulations, has been completed, 
while the subsequent ones are still ongoing. 
9.6 
Inspection activity on internal governance (Deep Dive Internal Governance)  
During the 2018 and 2019 fiscal years, the ECB conducted a deep-dive investigation of internal 
governance with a specific focus on the operations of the Bank’s board of directors to verify compliance 
with current legislation and best practices (e.g., EBA guidelines on internal governance). The investigations 
covered various elements of discussing and organizing the relevant work, including the level of deepening 
and analysis of the topics discussed, the interaction between the board of directors and the management, the 
accuracy and effectiveness of the board of directors’ preparation process (i.e., the formation of the agenda 
and the timing for the distribution of documentation). In its follow-up letter, sent by the ECB on 31 August 
2020, the Joint Supervisory Team (“JST”) highlighted the achievement of some areas of improvement 
compared to what was noted in a thematic review in 2015. Nevertheless, five complaints were reported, 
mainly relating to the operating processes of the board of directors and the effectiveness of the latter’s 
involvement and supervisory action in the management of the Bank, which confirm what was already stated 
in the SREP decision in 2019. 
The Bank’s Board of Directors has analyzed and discussed the contents of this letter, taking a number of 
measures and behaviors in line with the recommendations made. 
9.7 
Inspection activity on legal risk (OSI 4125)

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
 
In the period from 28 January 2019 to 26 April 2019, the ECB conducted a Group-wide on-site investigation 
involving legal risk. In November 2019, the ECB sent a report, which included 11 observations on, inter alia, 
the handling of proceedings, litigation management aspects, and the monitoring of legal risk, the procedures 
for setting the provisions and the activities carried out by the internal control function. 
On 7 May 2020, the ECB sent a follow-up letter setting forth its recommendations. The Bank completed the 
implementation of the recommendations by 30 June 2021, in line with the timetable provided by the ECB. 
9.8 
Inspection activity on interest rate risk inspection (OSI 3834)  
In the period from 24 June 2019 to 27 September 2019, the ECB conducted a Group-wide on-site 
investigation of Interest Rate Risk in the Banking Book (“IRRBB”). On 12 February 2020, the ECB sent 
the final version of the report, which included six observations relating to the management processes and 
rate risk quantification models. 
On 21 October 2021, the ECB sent a follow-up letter setting forth its recommendations. On 29 November 
2021, the Bank sent the ECB the action plan to address the recommendations made with clear evidence of 
the activities already in place. A number of initiatives aimed at strengthening the system of internal controls, 
internal quantification metrics, and the IRRBB risk measurement system remain to be completed by the 
scheduled deadline on 31 December 2022. 
9.9 
Inspection activity on liquidity allocation and internal funds’ transfer pricing (OSI 4356) 
From 23 October 2019 to 29 January 2020, an on-site investigation was conducted on the liquidity allocation 
and internal transfer rate. On 16 September 2020, the ECB sent its report on the results of the investigation, 
which included 10 findings, mainly relating to the measurement of liquidity risk, data quality controls and 
the FTP framework, the latter being the set of methodologies that preside over the calculation of the TIT 
(i.e., the corporate internal rate at which funds are exchanged between business units and the unit that 
centrally manages interest rate and liquidity risk (the Centralized Treasury)). 
On 16 November 2021, the ECB sent a follow-up letter setting forth its recommendations. On 21 December 
2021, the Bank sent the ECB the action plan to address the recommendations made with clear evidence of 
the activities already in place. 
As of 30 September 2022, the remediation program in place to address the ECB’s recommendations is 
completed with the exception of the actions related to the performance monitoring system of the Bank’s 
business units, which envisage the isolation of treasury and ALM operations as standalone activities in order 
to measure their economic performance. In this regard, the Bank will inform the supervisory authority 
indicating the new expected deadline for the full implementation of the aforementioned interventions. 
9.10 Inspection activities relating to the revision of the internal models on credit risk (Internal Model 
Investigation IMI 4357 IMI 5258)  
During August and October 2019, the ECB conducted two investigations, one off-site (“IMI 5258”) and one 
on-site (“IMI 4357”), for the approval of an application for the authorization of material changes for credit 
risk models used for the determination of capital requirements. The investigations were completed in 
November 2019. On 10 May 2021 the ECB sent the Bank its final decision on the verifications carried out, 
authorizing the implementation of the requested changes, and indicating twenty-six observations with related 
recommendations and obligations to be implemented within certain deadlines. On 31 May 2021, the Bank 
responded by sending a remedial action plan, in which many actions were implemented and submitted for 
approval to the ECB on 9 November 2021.  
In particular, a comment remains open related to the r equest to prepare a backtesting analysis on the LGD 
parameter with a whole-life logic. These additional analyses consider, for defaulted positions closed in a

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
 
given period, the comparison between the value of the LGD parameter assigned on the date of transition to 
default and the value of the loss observed from that date. This investigation will be completed by May 2023. 
9.11 Bank of Italy on-site inspection ECAF\IRB systems  
On 13 November 2019, the Bank of Italy reported the result “In Prevalenza Soddisfacente” of its inspection 
on “Utilizzo del sistema IRB di Banca MPS in ambito ECAF” that was carried out during the period 21-23 
May 2019. 
9.12 Inspection activity on internal governance and risk management (OSI 4834)  
In February 2020, the ECB conducted an on-site investigation as part of the Bank’s internal governance and 
risk management processes. 
On 27 October 2021, the ECB sent a follow-up letter setting forth its recommendations related to the 
compliance and internal audit processes. The remediation action plan was implemented by the first quarter 
of 2022, in line with the ECB’s deadlines. 
9.13 Inspection activity relating to the new definition of default “DoD” (Internal Model Investigation 
IMI 4857) 
From November 2020 to January 2021, the ECB conducted an off-site investigation of the credit risk models 
(“IMI”), which aimed to analyze application model change as part of the New Definition of Default 
(“NDOD”). On 22 July 2021 the ECB sent the Bank its decision on the investigation carried out, authorizing 
the implementation of the changes in the NDOD aspects, and indicating 18 findings with related 
recommendations and obligations to be implemented within certain deadlines. On 20 August 2021, the Bank 
responded by sending a plan of remedial actions in respect of the reported securities. All “Advanced Internal 
Rating Based” (“AIRB”) findings were resolved with the submission of the Model Change 2021 instance to 
the regulator in the fourth quarter of 2021. All findings have been resolved, except for findings 10 and 18 
related to the issue of “Data Quality”, which expired on 31 December 2022, and finding 8 “Extension New 
Pef to MspLF and Widiba”, which expired on 30 June 2022 and was rescheduled in line with the objectives 
and timing of the Business Plan 2022-2026. With respect to this finding, the Business Plan 2022-2026 
provides for the integration of product companies into the Bank, whose IT systems already meet NDOD 
requirements. The Bank communicated this change to the remediation plan to the ECB in the first week of 
October 2022. 
9.14 Operational Act on Liquidity Risk Control and ILAAP  
On August 30, 2021, the JST, as part of its investigation of the adequacy of liquidity management processes 
for the purposes of determining the scope of the 2021 SREP Decision, communicated to the Bank two 
recommendations, one of which refers to the updating of the document installation, while the other is a 
request for information on the state of progress of remedial actions following an anomaly already reported 
by the internal validation function. Both recommendations were addressed within the specified deadlines. 
9.15 Investigation of the Management of the Credit Portfolio during the Pandemic  
By letter dated 4 December 2020, the ECB provided all banks with a guidance on the identification and 
measurement of credit risk in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic. In the course of 2021, ECB 
investigations to verify the Bank’s operational capacity in credit management during the pandemic 
continued. With respect to this, a “Horizontal Targeted Review” was also conducted on the “Food and 
Accommodation Service” sector. The Bank subsequently informed the supervision of initiatives specifically 
dedicated to the supervision of credit risk during the pandemic 
9.16 Internal Model Investigation (IMI-2022-ITMPS-0197502)

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
 
In February 2022, the ECB conducted an on-site investigation to approve the application for authorization 
(submitted by the Bank to the ECB on 9 November 2021) for material changes to the credit risk models. The 
material changes relate to the adaptation of the AIRB models (PD and LGD) to the new regulatory reference 
legislation (EBA/GL/2017/16), to the resolution of observations from previous investigations (IMI 2939, 
TRIM 3917, IMI 4357, IMI 5258 and IMI 4857) and to the roll-out of the EAD parameter. The investigation 
activities ended on 13 May 2022. On 10 October 2022 the Bank received the final inspection report. The 
draft decision is therefore expected in the first quarter of 2023 with the descriptions of the obligations that 
the Bank will have to remedy after sharing with the ECB a remediation plan for each of them.  
9.17 Supervisory assessment, implementation plan and ECB Thematic Review on climate and 
environmental risks 
Following publication of the expectations of banking supervision for a robust, effective, transparent and 
comprehensive approach to climate and environmental risk, the ECB, in its communication of 21 January 
2021, requested the Bank to carry out a self-assessment of compliance with the formulated guidelines and 
to prepare an implementation plan for climate and environmental risk management. The results of the self-
assessment were transmitted to the ECB on 26 February 2021 and the implementation plan was subsequently 
transmitted to the ECB on 26 May 2021. On 30 September 2021 the ECB communicated its assessment, 
pointing out some weaknesses regarding the self-assessment process and the implementation plan, which 
will be subject to specific follow-up. 
Always in the field of climate and environmental risks, on 13 January 2022, the ECB sent the outcome of the 
gap analysis conducted on the Bank in the field of disclosure, with a number of recommendations, with 
respect to which a review of the implementation plan was conducted and a specific design was developed to 
address the expectations of the risk management framework and disclosure. The project in question, called 
“ESG Risk Action”, was formally launched on 29 June 2022. 
On 18 March 2022, following the ECB request, a new self-assessment of expectations on climate and 
environmental risks was conducted at the opening of the upcoming thematic review, in particular to provide 
a state of progress with the already reported planning and its possible revisions. 
The announced thematic review on climate and environmental risks was conducted by the ECB in the first 
quarter of 2022 and continued in the second quarter of 2022. In a first feedback report draft, a progress was 
noted on the various planned interventions, in substantial consistency with the path outlined on the subject, 
already shared with the ECB, with some points of focus. Pending the final version with the formalization of 
the observations and deadlines, the draft feedback report highlights deficiencies with respect to which a 
series of remedial actions are required to be carried out with different deadlines between March 2023 and 
December 2024. Moreover, in large part these remedial actions are covered by the deliverables our Business 
Plan 2022-2026. 
The remedial action, summarized below, concerns: 
(i) 
Materiality assessment: forward-looking quantitative assessment with a deadline of March 2023; 
(ii) 
Business environment and strategy: strengthening of climate-related and environmental (“C&E”) risk 
indicators and necessary related portfolio management strategies with a deadline between March and 
December 2023; 
(iii) 
Governance and risk appetite: inclusion of C&E risks in compensation practices, involvement of all 
three lines of control, analysis of IT systems development needs, and development of reporting of 
C&E risk impacts on the business model with a deadline between March and December 2023; 
(iv) 
Risk management framework: full inclusion in the ICAAP process, expansion of the scope of 
environmental risks covered and development of mitigation measures by us and our counterparties 
with a deadline between December 2023 and December 2024;

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
 
(v) 
Credit risk: strengthening of C&E risk assessment at credit policy level and on individual 
counterparties, assessment of transmission of C&E factors to quantitative metrics, and a credit pricing 
framework; 
(vi) 
Operational risk: impacts of C&E risks on operations in quantitative measure and related planned 
business continuity and recovery measures, and C&E related reputational/dispute risk metrics with 
deadline at December 2023; and 
(vii) Stress testing framework: implementation of a comprehensive C&E stress testing framework with 
deadline at December 2024. 
The Bank has, in addition, participated and completed the 2022 stress test exercise on climate risks. The 
Bank participated among the banks that provided the so-called starting points, that is the relevant credit and 
market exposures as a starting point for the simulation and for which the actual simulations (“scenario 
projections”) were developed by the ECB. The Bank reported an overall score, over the entire year, of an 
“orange” level, in line with the average result of the entire sample of banks.  
As represented in the ECB communications initiating the Thematic Review as well as the Climate Stress 
Test, both exercises are not expected to reflect directly quantitative requirements strictly speaking, however, 
the outcomes, qualitatively, could have indirect relevance on Pillar 2 through the SREP assessments. In the 
2022 Final SREP Decision, the ECB highlighted weaknesses in the materiality assessment of this risk, 
strategy, governance and risk appetite, overall risk management framework, and specific operational risk 
framework, adding the need to accelerate the implementation of the evolution plan already submitted by the 
Bank to address these strong weaknesses in a timely manner. 
9.18 Credit and Counterparty Credit Risk Investigation Activity (OSI 0198380) 
On 19 April 2022, the ECB conducted a credit and counterparty risk investigation with the aim of (i) 
identifying and quantifying any deterioration effects on surveyed portfolios, (ii) verifying the IFRS 9 
provisioning model for the portfolios under consideration, (iii) review the credit classification and 
provisioning process. The inspection activity has been completed and on the final inspection report was 
presented to the Bank in the exit meeting held on 20 December 2022. In the course of 2023, the Bank will 
receive from the ECB the final OSI Letter with the recommendations and the request of remediation for each 
finding. 
9.19 Letter of intervention – ECB’s expectations regarding our prospective financials 
On 14 January 2022, the ECB gave notice to the Bank of its expectations that the plan would ensure income 
performance (at least) equal to that of significant Italian institutions and that it would be adequately detailed 
on the measures envisaged, including through the setting of quarterly targets, the achievement of which will 
be specifically monitored by the ECB. 
With respect to on-site inspections, failure to comply with the implementation of remedial actions within the 
required timeframe exposes the Bank to the risk of a negative assessment by the ECB, which may incorporate 
this assessment as part of the broader annual SREP assessment process, including applying specific 
requirements to achieve the target as necessary. With respect to internal model inspections, failure to comply 
with findings requirements exposes the Bank to the risk of penalties, limitations or RWA add-on requests. 
9.20 Consob inspection on certain profiles of the state of compliance with the new legislation 
resulting from the transposition of MiFID II  
On 3 May 2022, a Consob inspection of BMPS began with the aim of ascertaining the state of compliance 
with the new regulations consequent to the transposition of MiFID II with regard to the following profiles: 
(i) the procedural arrangements defined in the field of product governance; (ii) the procedures for assessing 
the adequacy of transactions carried out on behalf of clients.  
10. 
Legal Proceedings

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
 
10.1 Judicial and arbitration proceedings  
Save as disclosed in this section, in the course of the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus 
there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including pending or threatened 
proceedings known to BMPS) which may have, or which had in the recent past, significant impact on the 
Bank’s financial condition or profitability. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus there were various legal proceedings pending against the Bank, 
including civil, criminal and administrative actions.  
These proceedings mainly relate to the financial transactions carried out to fund the acquisition of Banca 
Antonveneta, various financial transactions carried out by the Bank to restructure the “Alexandria” notes 
and the “Santorini” transaction, previous capital increases carried out by the Bank in 2008 and 2011 and the 
FRESH 2008 transaction. These events also led to disciplinary procedures being filed by supervisory 
authorities against the management in office at the time of such events (which, should sanctions be imposed, 
would imply that the Bank will be held jointly liable with no certainty that the latter will be able to recover 
any amounts paid as a result of such obligation after the bringing of recourse actions) and certain legal actions 
brought against the Bank by consumer associations and individual investors who have subscribed for 
financial instruments in the context of the share issuances carried out by the Bank. This context also includes 
corporate liability lawsuits brought by the Bank against the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the 
General Manager in office at the time of events and suits for damages against Nomura and Deutsche Bank 
in connection with the restructuring of the “Alexandria” notes and the “Santorini” transaction, respectively.  
In addition to this litigation, there are also (i) disputes deriving from the Bank’s ordinary course of business, 
and concerning, inter alia, claw-back actions, compound interest, placement of bonds issued by 
Governments and companies that have defaulted, placement of other financial instruments and products, (ii) 
labour disputes, (iii) tax disputes and (iv) disputes in various manners related to the Burden Sharing, please 
see paragraph 10.2.4 “Disputes relating to securities subject to the Burden Sharing” of section Banca Monte 
dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. of this Base Prospectus. 
On 30 September 2022, the following legal disputes and out-of-court claims were pending: 
 
legal disputes with a petitum, where quantified, of Euro 5.2 billion (rounded). In particular: 
o 
Euro 2.1 billion (rounded) in claims regarding disputes for which there is a “probable” risk of 
losing the case; 
o 
Euro 1.5 billion (rounded) in claims attributable to disputes for which there is a “possible” risk 
of losing the case; 
o 
Euro 1.6 billion (rounded) in claims attributable to the remaining disputes, for which there is a 
“remote” risk of losing the case; 
 
out-of-court claims totalling, where quantified, Euro 2.3 billion (rounded), almost exclusively related 
to claims classified at “probable” risk of losing the case. 
The overall petitum for tax proceedings of the Group is equal to Euro 79.2 million (rounded) while the overall 
petitum relating to the passive labour proceedings is equal to Euro 90.7 million (including the labour 
proceedings brought by certain employees of Fruendo S.r.l.) almost entirely relating to the Bank.  
Allocations to the “provision for risks and charges” have been made for amounts representing the best 
possible estimate relating to each dispute, quantified with sufficient reasonableness and, in any case, in 
accordance with the criteria laid down by the Bank’s policies. 
The components of the overall “provision for risks and charges” include, in addition to the allocations

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
 
provided for “legal and tax disputes”, allocations versus expected losses on estimated disbursements for 
client complaints.  
The estimate of liabilities is based on the information available from time to time and implies in any case, 
several uncertain factors characterising the different judicial proceedings, and multiple and significant 
evaluation elements. In particular, it is sometimes not possible to produce a reliable estimate as an example 
and without limitation in case of proceedings that have not been instituted, in case of possible cross-claims 
or in the presence of uncertainties in law or in fact such as to make any estimate unreliable.  
Accordingly, although the Bank believes that the overall “provision for risks and charges” posted in the 
Financial Statement should be considered adequate in respect of the liabilities potentially consequent to 
negative impacts, if any, of the aforementioned disputes, it may occur that the provision, if any, may be 
insufficient to fully cover the charges, expenses, sanctions and compensation and restitution requests 
associated with the pending proceedings or that the Group may in the future be called to satisfy compensation 
and restitution costs and obligations not covered by provisions, with potential negative impact on the 
business and the economic, capital and/or financial condition of the Bank and/or the Group.  
For more information in this respect, reference is made to the paragraph “Main types of legal, employment 
and tax risks” of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, paragraph “Main types of legal, employment 
and tax risks” of the 2022 Consolidated Half-Yearly Report and paragraph “Main types of legal, employment 
and tax risks” of the Consolidated Interim Report as at 30 September 2022. 
10.2 Disputes related to criminal investigations and legal affairs in 2012 and 2013  
Following the aforementioned criminal investigations involving the Bank in 2012 and 2013, several criminal, 
sanctioning and civil proceedings were instituted by judges, supervisory authorities, the Bank itself, 
consumer associations and investors. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer and some of its representatives (including the former), are 
involved in several criminal proceedings and/or, according to the Issuer’s knowledge, subject to 
investigations by the competent authorities for possible profiles of liability related to various criminal 
offences concerning banking operations, including, for example, those relating to the verification of liability 
of potential hypothesis of usury offence as referred to in article 644 of the Criminal Code. 
Moreover, from time to time, directors, representatives and employees, including former directors, 
representatives and employees, may be involved in criminal proceedings arising from disputes connected 
with the performance of their activities at the Bank. The Bank is not entitled to know or communicate details 
of these proceedings. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, although such criminal proceedings have not negatively affected the 
Bank’s income statement, balance sheet and/or financial position, there is a risk that, if the Bank and/or the 
other companies of the Group, or their representatives (including the former), are convicted following a 
finding of violating provisions that result in criminal liability, such event may have an impact, significant or 
otherwise, on the reputation of the Bank and/or the Group. 
The Bank’s position in respect of such proceedings is aligned with the principles of business and managerial 
discontinuity which influenced the renovation actions undertaken by the management which took over from 
the previous management in office at the time of the events. These were aimed at identifying the best 
initiatives for the protection of the Bank, its assets and its image thereof, even through taking direct legal 
actions against the former top executives. 
In particular, following the criminal investigations involving the Bank in 2012 and 2013, several criminal, 
sanctioning and civil proceedings were instituted by judges, supervisory authorities, consumer associations, 
investors and the Bank itself. In this regard, it is worth highlighting that the Bank has been involved in two

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
 
criminal proceedings that are pending before the Courts of Milan (identified as no. 29634/14 and no. 955/16), 
summarized and described below. 
For more information in this respect, reference is made to the paragraph “Main types of legal, employment 
and tax risks” of the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, paragraph “Main types of legal, employment 
and tax risks” of the 2022 Consolidated Half-Yearly Report and paragraph “Main types of legal, employment 
and tax risks” of the Consolidated Interim Report as at 30 September 2022). 
10.2.1 
Criminal investigations and proceedings  
(A) 
“FRESH 2008”, “Alexandria”, “Santorini”, “Chianti Classico” transactions – criminal proceedings 
before the Courts of Milan (Proceedings no. 29634/14) 
With respect to the criminal proceeding related to the structured term repurchase agreements for the 
“Alexandria” and “Santorini” transactions that the Bank entered into with Nomura International PLC 
(“Nomura”) and Deutsche Bank AG and Deutsche Bank AG London Branch, respectively, the criminal acts 
alleged to have been committed by the persons under investigation are related to the financial statements as 
of 31 December 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012 and the financial statements as of 31 March 2012, 30 June 2012 
and as of 30 September 2012.  
During March 2016, this proceeding was combined with the other criminal proceedings pending before the 
Court of Milan relating to the “Santorini”, “FRESH 2008” and “Chianti Classico” transactions. With its 
order of 13 May 2016, the Milan Court of the Preliminary Hearing (“GUP”) admitted the filing and the 
admissibility of claims made by civil parties against entities already party to the proceedings pursuant to 231 
Model. 
On 2 July 2016, with the consent of the public prosecutor’s office, the Bank submitted a plea agreement in 
the criminal proceedings before the GUP in response to the prosecutor’s charges relating to 231 Model 
compliance. 
Following the acceptance of the plea agreement, the criminal charges against the Bank were dismissed and 
the Bank was fined a total of Euro 10.6 million without the possibility of further criminal sanctions related 
to the matter. During the trial, with its order of 6 April 2017, the Court of Milan ruled on the requests for the 
exclusion of civil parties made by the defendants and civilly liable parties, excluding some of them. Thereby, 
the Bank was excluded from being deemed a civilly liable party with respect to an assumption of collective 
responsibility towards the defendants Mr. Mussari, Mr. Vigni, Mr. Pirondini, and Mr. Baldassarri. At the 
hearings on 23 and 30 May 2019, the civilly liable parties who sued the Bank as a civilly liable party made 
their claims. The MPS Foundation, which did not sue the Bank as a civilly liable party, did not make any 
direct claims against the Bank, but instead made requests to the representatives of the Bank as well as to the 
representatives of Nomura. These claims, following the transaction with the Bank in October 2021, were 
waived. Like the MPS Foundation, the Bank of Italy, which did sue the Bank as a civilly liable party, 
requested that the defendants be ordered to pay a sum in an equitable way.  
CONSOB, which sued the Bank as a civilly liable party, made a claim for an equitable determination for 
almost all damage items, except for that relating to the supervisory costs of approximately Euro 0.749 
million. Provisional damages are requested in an amount not lower than Euro 0.298 million. The final hearing 
was held on 8 November 2019. At that time, the Court handed down the operative part of the ruling in the 
first instance and sentenced all natural person defendants as well as, under 231 Model, the entities Deutsche 
Bank and Nomura. The opinion was published on 12 May 2020. 
As the civil liable party, the Bank was sentenced to pay damages in favor of the civil parties, to be quantified 
and settled in a separate civil trial. Against the judgment in the first instance, the Bank, as a civilly liable 
party, jointly and severally sentenced with the defendants, filed an appeal before the Court of Appeal in 
Milan. During the first hearing before that court, held on 2 December 2021, several civil parties withdrew

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
 
from the proceeding as a result of their settlement transactions with the Bank. On 6 May 2022, the Court of 
Appeal of Milan acquitted the defendants, finding that the facts did not support the conviction. On 16 
November 2022, the Attorney General filed an appeal with the Court of Cassation against the acquittal appeal 
sentence.  
(B) 
Proceedings before the Court of Milan no. 955/2016  
On 12 May 2017, Mr. Profumo, Mr. Viola and Mr. Salvadori were requested to be brought to trial before the 
Court of Milan to face allegations of (i) false corporate communications (pursuant to article 2622 of the Civil 
Code) in relation to the accounting of the “Santorini” and “Alexandria” transactions included in our financial 
statements, reports, and other corporate communications from 31 2012 to 31 December 2014 and relating to 
the half-yearly report as of 30 June 2015 and (ii) market manipulation (pursuant to article 185 of the 
Consolidated Finance Act) relating to the public notices concerning the approval of the relevant financial 
statements. 
At the hearing on 24 November 2017, the GUP issued an order by which it: 
 
declared the request for referral to trial against Mr. Salvadori invalid; 
 
ordered the separation of the relevant position from the main proceeding (pending against Mr. Viola 
and Mr. Profumo, as well as the Bank) with regard to the alleged offense pursuant to article 185 of 
the TUF; and 
 
withheld judgment with regard to questions relating to regional jurisdiction until such time as the 
public prosecutor makes a determination regarding the matter. 
At the hearing on 9 February 2018, we have filed the following documents: 
 
our response with respect to regional jurisdiction; 
 
the documentary productions of the defense of Mr. Viola and Mr. Profumo; 
 
the pleadings of Mr. Bivona and Mr. Falaschi; and 
 
a request of prior seizure order by Mr. Bivona and Mr. Falaschi towards Mr. Viola and Mr. Profumo. 
Following our formal involvement in the proceeding, the public prosecutor requested a decision be issued 
stating that the Bank could not be prosecuted due to a lack of factual support or because the facts did not 
support a conviction. 
At the outcome of the preliminary hearing, the GUP noted that the conditions for a decision were not valid 
and ordered the deferral to trial of Mr. Viola, Mr. Profumo, and Mr. Salvadori as well as the Bank (as 
defendant pursuant to 231 Model). With respect to Mr. Salvadori, a decision was issued that there is no need 
to proceed in relation to the indictment pursuant to article 185 of the Consolidated Finance Act. 
At the hearing on 17 July 2018, 2,243 civil parties joined the proceeding. Some of these have formally 
requested that the Bank be called as a civilly liable party, while most of the defenders have asked for the 
extension of the effects of the constitution of their own assistance to the Bank, as a civilly liable party already 
in place. Other civil parties, on the other hand, have brought formal claims against the Bank, pursuant to 231 
Model. 
A number of hearings were held. At the hearing on 16 June 2020, representatives of the public prosecutor’s 
office requested the acquittal of the defendants. On 15 October 2020, the Court of Milan handed down the 
operative part of the ruling, condemning all defendants and the Bank pursuant to 231 Model. The opinion

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
 
was filed on 7 April 2021. 
The Court, in its opinion, analyzed the conduct alleged against the defendants in relation to the criminal 
cases pursuant to article 2622 of the Civil Code (false corporate communications) and article 185 of the 
Consolidated Finance Act (market manipulation) and found that the administrative offences alleged against 
the Bank were justified pursuant to articles 5, 6, 8 and 25–ter, letter b) of the 231 Model. The ruling was 
limited to the offence of false corporate communications in relation to the 2012 budget and the 2015 half-
yearly report, as well as pursuant to articles 5, 8 and 25-sexies of the 231 Model on market manipulation 
relating to press releases concerning the approval of financial statements as of 31 December 2012, 31 
December 2013, 31 December 2014 and the half-yearly report as of 30 June 2015, resulting in the application 
of a financial penalty of Euro 0.8 million. 
With regard to the position of the Bank as a civilly liable party, the judgment also explains the reasons for 
the general order for the payment of damages and the claim for payment by the civil parties, pursuant to 
article 2049 of the Civil Code, in separate civil proceedings. The Bank, as a civilly liable party, sentenced 
jointly and severally with the defendants, and was held administratively liable pursuant to 231 Model, 
brought an action against the first instance judgment before the Court of Appeal in Milan. The appeal is 
expected to commence in 2023. 
(C) 
Audits of the 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 interim financial statements in respect of the Non-performing 
loans– Proceeding 33714/2016  
In relation to criminal proceeding 33714/16 pending before the Court of Milan, the Bank was originally 
involved as an administratively liable party pursuant to 231 Model with respect to allegations of false 
corporate communications (pursuant to article 2622 of the Civil Code) relating to financial statements of 31 
December for fiscal years 2012, 2013, 2014 and the financial statements of 30 June for fiscal year 2015. 
Specifically, the relevant financial statements were alleged to have contained an overvaluation of NPLs. On 
4 May 2018, the Bank’s position was dismissed by the prosecutor’s office due to the groundlessness of the 
offence (measure also confirmed by the General Prosecutor’s Office on 15 March 2019). 
On 25 July 2019, the preliminary investigation judge (“GIP”) of the Court of Milan ordered the termination 
of the proceedings against the Bank, as a liable entity pursuant to 231 Model. Simultaneously, the GIP 
ordered the continuation of investigations against the natural persons (i.e. chairman of the board of directors, 
managing director and chairman of the board of supervisory body pro tempore), thus rejecting the request 
made by the public prosecutor that was supported by an expert witness not to conduct further investigations. 
The investigations continued, during which two experts who were appointed by the GIP and the 
aforementioned expert witness were questioned on 6 May 2021. The questions demonstrated that it was 
necessary to determine whether the corrections made by the Bank during the period from 2012 to 2017 were 
detected in a timely manner in accordance with the principle of accruals and with the accounting standards 
applicable at the time of the event. 
The expert witnesses’ findings (which contradicted those of the experts initially approached by the Public 
Prosecutor’s Office) were later incorporated into the notice of completion of the investigation. At the hearing 
on 8 June 2021, the preliminary hearings were closed, and the GIP forwarded the documents to the public 
prosecutor’s office and gave an indicative period of 45 days to the public prosecutor to carry out any further 
investigations and make its determinations. On 25 February 2022, the GIP, upon request of the public 
prosecutor, ordered an extension of the deadline for investigations until 31 May 2022. As of the date of the 
Base Prospectus, the decision to close preliminary investigations has not been issued. On 16 September 
2022, a notice of conclusion of the preliminary investigation of three former members of the Bank (two 
presidents of the Board of Directors and a managing director) and a former manager (responsible for drafting 
corporate accounting documents) pursuant to article 415-bis of the Code of Criminal Procedure was issued. 
The Bank, despite the previous filing, still received the same notice as an administratively liable party 
pursuant to 231 Model. On 14 December 2022 a request for indictment was issued against the

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
 
aforementioned representatives; on 12 December 2022 the Bank's position as administrative manager 
pursuant to Model 231 has been eliminated. 
The individuals were charged with the offences of false corporate communications (pursuant to article 2622 
of the Civil Code) and market manipulation (pursuant to article 185 of the Consolidate Finance Act) with 
respect to the financial statements from 2013 to 2015 and the half-yearly reports from 2015 to 2016 as well 
as false prospectus (pursuant to article 173-bis of the Consolidated Finance Act) with respect to the 
prospectuses from 2014 to 2015. According to the plaintiff’s claim, in the aforementioned corporate 
communications, the defendants allegedly entered adjustments related to impaired loans in violation of the 
applicable accounting standards, thus resulting in a false representation of the Bank’s economic, equity and 
financial position. Also, this misrepresentation would have also been reflected in the announcements and 
prospectuses contemporaneously issued by the Bank. The Bank, as administratively liable party, was charged 
with the administrative offenses pursuant to articles 5, 6, 7, 8 and 25-ter, letter b) and 25-sexies of 231 Model, 
arising from the aforementioned claims of false corporate communications and market manipulation.  
The proceeding is also relevant with respect to the additional role of civilly liable party that the Bank could 
play in the event that indictment is requested. The Bank could not make any predictions on the possible 
outcome of the proceedings, but reserves the right to assert in the competent venues arguments (confirmed 
by the verifications carried out on the valuation process of the impaired loan portfolio under investigation 
and also supported by preliminary analyses by its consultants) seeking to demonstrate the correctness of its 
actions, including the absence of any indications demonstrating an intent to provide the market with an 
incorrect representation of its economic, equity and financial situation. Among other things, this can also be 
seen from the presence in all relevant prospectuses of clear warnings and risk warnings for investors precisely 
with reference to the uncertainties inherent in the valuation of the loan portfolio and the possible impacts of 
the verification processes underway by the Supervisory Authorities. Notably, while the expert’s report was 
not yet available, in the context of civil legal proceedings brought by the Alken fund, on one hand, and a 
retail investor, on the other hand, who complained, among other things, about the incorrect accounting for 
impaired loans in the period from 2012 to 2016, the Court of Milan and the Court of Florence rejected all 
the claims made against the Bank on this specific matter, ordering the plaintiffs to reimburse all the costs. 
Since June 2021, after the filing of the expert’s report, the Bank, in the context of civil proceedings also 
dealing with issues overlapping with the criminal proceedings under review, has adopted a prudential policy 
of risk management by resorting to a specific policy of provisions. 
10.2.2 
Civil Proceedings  
(A) 
Litigation and Out-of-Court Requests Related to Financial Information Disseminated in the 2008-
2015 period 
The Bank is exposed to civil proceedings, the effects of judgments arising from criminal proceedings 
(29634/14 and 955/16) and out-of-court requests with regard to financial information disseminated in the 
period from 2008 to 2015. On 30 September 2022, the overall petitum in relation to disputes and out–of-
court claims related to financial information distributed in the 2008-2015 period, amounted to Euro 4 billion 
(rounded). Specifically Euro 1.77 billion (rounded) of the civil proceedings related to the suits brought by 
the shareholders in the context of 2008, 2011, 2014 and 2015 capital increases, of which Euro 0.27 billion 
requested by civil claimants, where quantified, related to the criminal proceedings no. 29634/14 and no. 
955/16. 
With reference to criminal proceedings 29634/14, on 29 September the Milan Court of Appeal filed the 
grounds of its acquittal verdict of 6 May 2022. The analysis of the grounds of the verdict resulted in the 
reclassification of the risk of losing from “likely” to “possible” for legal disputes, civil actions in criminal 
proceedings 29634/14 and out-of-court claims concerning disputes relating to the 2008-2011 period. 
Therefore, in the third quarter, the provisions for risks recognised previously were released to the income 
statement. At the moment, litigation and out-of-court claims concerning the 2012-2015 period were

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
 
reclassified to “likely” risk following the ruling of 15 October 2020 concerning criminal proceedings 
955/2016 and those connected to “non-performing loans”. 
(i) 
Legal dispute Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. / the holders of FRESH 2008  
Certain holders of FRESH 2008 Securities maturing in 2099, in a complaint notified on 15 November 2017, 
sued the Bank, Mitsubishi UFJ Investors Services & Banking Luxembourg SA, JP Morgan Securities PLC, 
and JP Morgan Chase Bank NA before the Court of Luxembourg, to: (i) establish that the Burden Sharing 
Decree is not applicable to holders of FRESH 2008 securities and, consequently, to determine that these 
securities cannot be forcibly converted into shares, (ii) establish that the securities are validly established in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of their issue, and (iii) state that the Bank is not entitled, in the 
absence of the conversion of 2008 FRESH Securities, to receive from JP Morgan a payment of Euro 49.9 
million. 
The Court of Luxembourg, with an order in January 2022, rejected the Bank’s request to suspend the 
proceedings until the international courts have given a ruling on the Bank’s objections to the Court’s 
jurisdiction. 
However, it accepted that the Court lacked jurisdiction with respect to the trust contract signed by the Bank 
with JP Morgan Securities PLC and JP Morgan Chase in the context of the 2008 rights offering. In relation 
to that contract, the Court of Luxembourg withheld judgment pending the decision of the Italian court. At 
the same time, it determined that it had jurisdiction with respect to the swap contract signed by the Bank 
with the same counterparties in the context of the 2008 rights offering. 
In November 2022 the bondholders’ representative appealed against the judgment of suspension rendered 
by the Luxembourg Court asking to declare that the same District Court of Luxembourg has jurisdiction to 
hear all the claims formulated by the bondholders’ representative and that there is no need to stay the 
proceedings, awaiting decisions of the Italian court. 
After the proceeding began, the holders of 2008 FRESH Securities brought a complaint on 19 April 2018 in 
the GIP asking the court to determine that the Italian court is the only one with jurisdiction to decide on the 
contracts entered into between the Bank, JP Morgan Securities PLC, and JP Morgan Chase in relation to the 
2008 rights offering. In response, the Bank asked the court for: 
- 
a determination of the invalidity of the contracts providing for payments to JP Morgan Securities PLC 
and JP Morgan Chase Bank pursuant Decree 237 of 23 December 2016; and 
- 
a determination of invalidity or termination of the trust agreement or termination of the trust 
agreement by reason of the capital deficiency of 30 June 2017. 
The first hearing was held on 18 December 2018 and the GIP, in view of the prejudicial nature of the question 
of jurisdiction raised by the parties and the presence of a pending dispute concerning the same claim and the 
same pending case before the Court of Luxembourg, granted the parties time to reply only to the procedural 
objections and postponed until a hearing scheduled for 16 April 2019 the assessment of the merits. At the 
subsequent hearing on 2 July 2019, the case was held in judgment and, with an order dated 2 December 
2019, the GIP ordered the proceedings to be suspended pending the decision of the Court of Luxembourg. 
Against that order, the Bank made an appeal with respect to the question of jurisdiction before the Supreme 
Court of Italy. The Supreme Court of Italy dismissed our appeal on 31 March 2021.  
The Bondholders challenged the first degree of judgement issued by the Court of Luxemburg. The Deed of 
appeal has been filed at the end of November 2022. The Bank – in parallel – on the basis of the virdict issued 
by the Court of Luxembourg will file before the Italian Court an application for asking the Italian judge to 
rule on the reasons concerning the termination of the Usufruct Agreement.

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
 
(ii) 
Dispute Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A./ Alken Fund Sicav and Alken Luxembourg S.A.  
Through a complaint delivered on 22 November 2017, Alken Fund SICAV and Alken Luxembourg S.A. 
brought, the Bank and Nomura International, Mr. Mussari, Mr. Vigni, Mr. Profumo, Mr. Viola, and Mr. 
Salvadori before the Court of Milan. The complaint set forth: 
- 
an allegation of liability of the Bank pursuant to article 94 of the TUF and Mr. Mussari, Mr. Vigni, 
Mr. Profumo, and Viola pursuant to article 2935 of the Civil Code; 
- 
an allegation of liability of Mr. Mussari and Mr. Vigni in relation to the investments made by the 
funds in 2012 on the basis of false information; 
- 
an allegation of liability of Mr. Viola, Mr. Profumo, and Mr. Salvadori in relation to the investments 
made by the funds after 2012; and 
- 
an allegation of liability of Nomura pursuant to article 2043 of the Civil Code. 
The court jointly and severally ordered the Bank and Nomura to compensate the plaintiffs for the loss of 
Euro 423.9 million for Alken Funds SICAV and Euro 10 million in lost management fees and reputational 
damages of the management company Alken Luxembourg SA. The court also held liable, jointly and 
severally with the Bank and Nomura, Mr. Mussari and Mr. Vigni for the damages resulting from the 
investments made in 2012 and Mr. Viola, Mr. Profumo, and Mr. Salvadori for the damages after 2012. The 
plaintiffs also asked that the defendants be ordered to pay compensation for non-property damage after the 
offence of false corporate communications had been established. The Bank appeared before the court asking, 
in the alternative, for recourse against Nomura for the rejection of opposing claims. 
By separate acts of intervention, four individuals claimed total damages of approximately Euro 0.7 million. 
At the hearing of 11 December 2018, the court reserved judgment with respect to the preliminary rulings 
raised by the parties and with respect to the objections made by the defendants. The court declared (i) the 
invalidity of Alken’s complaint for not specifying the dates of the relevant stock purchases and (ii) the 
invalidity of the prosecutor’s complaint, giving the parties a deadline until 11 January 2019 to supplement 
the applications and remedy the deficiencies of the complaint. At the same time, the court considered Alken’s 
claims concerning incorrect accounting of the claims to be sufficiently specific and the objection against the 
intervention measures was rejected. Following the additions of the parties, the defendants reiterated the 
objections of invalidity of the complaint and the interventions. After the initial reservation of judgment, the 
court, which decided that these preliminary questions should be decided together with the merits, granted 
the terms of instruction pursuant to article 183, comma 6, of the Code of Civil Procedure and postponed until 
the hearing on 2 July 2019 arguments on the requests. At that hearing, the Bank requested and was granted 
an extension until 8 July 2019, to contest the applications submitted by an intervener and the parties argued 
their pleadings and their petitions. With an order dated 24 July 2019, the court rejected the expert witness of 
Alken, determining that the case was ripe for the decision on the basis of the subjective characteristics of the 
plaintiff (professional investor) and Alken’s transactions in the Bank shares (with purchases which continued 
after October 2014). At the hearing on 7 July 2020, the court rejected Alken’s request to refer the case to the 
court for investigation and admitted the new documents produced by Alken.  
On 7 July 2021, the court rejected all the requests made by the funds and ordered the funds to pay our legal 
fees related to the dispute. A request from an intervener was partially granted, in respect of which the Bank 
was ordered to pay approximately Euro 53,000.00 jointly and severally with Nomura and partly with Vigni 
and Mussari. 
Both the Bank and Nomura and the funds appealed against the ruling before the Court of Appeal of Milan, 
in which the intervener also made an appeal against the Bank. On 13 July 2022, the first hearing was held in 
the three pending appellate proceedings. The Court scheduled a hearing with respect to the joined cases on 
5 July 2023.

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
 
(iii) 
Dispute York funds / BMPS, Alessandro Profumo, Fabrizio Viola, Paolo Salvadori and Nomura 
International plc  
Through a complaint served on 11 March 2019, at the registered office of the Bank, the York Funds sued 
Banca MPS S.p.A., Mr. Profumo, Mr. Viola, Mr. Salvadori, and Nomura International PLC before the Court 
of Milan, section specialized in business. The complaint asked for the defendants to be sentenced jointly and 
severally to compensation for damages quantified in total of Euro 186.7 million and – after an incidental 
finding of the crime of false corporate communications – to compensation for non-property damage to be 
settled in the process pursuant to article 1226 of the Civil Code, plus interest, revaluation, pursuant to article 
1284, comma 4, of the Civil Code and compound interest pursuant to article 1283 of the Civil Code. The 
claims of the plaintiffs arise from the alleged losses incurred in the investment transactions of a total of Euro 
520.3 million through the purchase of shares (investment of Euro 41.4 million by York 
Luxembourg) and through derivatives (investment of Euro 478.9 million from York Fund). Losses are 
quantified by the plaintiffs as totaling Euro 186.7 million. 
The relevant investments challenged would have been made in March 2014, when Mr. Viola and Mr. 
Profumo respectively served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Bank. The plaintiffs allege that 
our top management behaved illegally, which would have resulted in misstatements in our financial 
statements and would have significantly altered the perceived value of the securities we issued. 
The first hearing, originally scheduled for 29 January 2020, was postponed to 4 February 2020. The Bank 
has duly appeared before the court and on 3 February 2020, the parties filed pleadings of inquiry and, at the 
next hearing, discussed their respective requests, on the admission of which the court reserved the right to 
act. At the hearing of 15 July 2022, the Court of Milan: (i) declared the evidence requested by York, Nomura, 
Mr. Profumo, and Mr. Viola inadmissible and (ii) referred to the college – upon the outcome of the decision 
on causation – the assessment of the need to set up the court-appointed expert as requested by York. The 
case was postponed to 23 November 2023.  
(iv) 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A./Caputo + 24 other names  
Through a complaint dated 4 December 2020, Mr. Giuseppe Caputo and 25 other persons (which became 
24 following the death of one of the plaintiffs) sued the Bank before the Court of Milan to challenge the 
investments made by the Bank in connection with the previous rights offering (i.e. through purchases on the 
telematics-secondary market between 2014 and 2015). The plaintiffs complain that they were damaged by 
misrepresentations spread on the market by the Bank (here referring, inter alia, to the criminal proceeding 
R.G.N.R. 29634/14, concluded at first instance by ruling 13490/2019, and the criminal proceeding R.G.N.R. 
955/16, concluded at first instance by ruling 10748/2020). The plaintiffs also complain of misvalued 
impaired loans from the 2013 financial statements (i.e., criminal proceeding 33714/16 under investigation at 
the Court of Milan). They also allege that we have engaged in unfair business practices, made investments 
in diamonds, maintained a completely unreasonable business plan, and maintained a non-compliant business 
organization.  
The plaintiffs therefore requested full compensation for the damages suffered, which they estimated to be 
the full consideration paid for the purchase of the Bank shares (i.e., approximately Euro 25.8 million) as well 
as compensation for non-pecuniary damage to be settled pursuant to article 1226 of the Civil Code. 
Following the first hearing, the parties lodged their pleadings and, at the next hearing, discussed the pleadings 
submitted by the lead plaintiff. Subsequently, the court determined that it had to refer the case to the lower 
court in order to define the dispute or to pursue further details on the matter. It therefore scheduled a hearing 
for 4 November 2022 with the purpose of clarifying the pleadings in response. In that hearing the parties 
specified their conclusions. 
(B) 
Out-of-Court Restitution of Sums or Damages Claims by Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
investors and shareholders regarding Financial Information Released in the 2008-2015 Period

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
 
In relation to capital increases and the allegedly incorrect financial information contained in the prospectuses 
and/or in the financial statements and/or in the price sensitive information for the period 2008-2011, as at 30 
September 2022 the Parent Company had received out-of-court claims for a total relief sought of Euro 52 
million in quantified claims, net of those converted into judicial initiatives. In addition to these claims, also 
out-of-court, claims which in addition to the 2014-2015 period also regard longer time periods were received 
for total relief sought as at 30 September 2022 of Euro 2.195 billion, of which roughly Euro 1.232 billion 
for complaints and Euro 963 million for civil mediation, net of claims that have been converted into judicial 
initiatives. These claims – brought individually or collectively – although naturally heterogeneous, are 
mostly justified by generic references to the Parent Company’s alleged violation of the industry legislation 
governing disclosure and, therefore, were rejected by the Parent Company in that they were considered 
generic, unfounded, not backed by suitable documentary evidence, and in some cases past the statute of 
limitations. The grand total amount claimed as at 30 September 2022 was equal to Euro 2.247 billion. The 
mediations mentioned also include two proceedings, for total relief sought of Euro 0.8 billion, lodged by 
institutional investors which were closed in October due to inactivity on the part of the petitioning parties. 
This event was evaluated for the purposes of the Interim Report on Operations as at 30 September 2022 in 
accordance with IAS 10.  
10.2.3 
Disputes relating to securities subject to the Burden Sharing  
As of 30 September 2022, the overall petitum for such disputes amounted to Euro 39.7 million. 
It should be highlighted that, for part of the litigation, the plaintiffs are no longer holders of the securities as 
they sold the securities prior to the entry into force of Decree 237. It should also be noted that the opposing 
parties’ objections are focused on the alleged lack of any notice and/or on the breach of the applicable 
legislation as in any other “similar” case concerning financial matters commenced against the Bank. Indeed, 
the plaintiffs claimed misselling occurred, i.e. distributing the above financial instruments in breach of the 
Consolidated Finance Act (and its implementing regulations), as well as in breach of the general principles 
of fairness, transparency and diligence. 
10.2.4 
Disputes deriving from ordinary business  
While carrying out its ordinary business, the Group, similar to other banking groups, is involved in various 
judicial proceedings concerning, inter alia, allegations relating to: claw-back, compound interest, placement 
of bond securities that are issued by governments and defaulted by companies and the placement of schemes 
and financial products. The latter types show a consistent overall decrease that is not material in terms of the 
sum and related civil funds. 
With respect to the proceedings regarding bankruptcy claw-backs, the reform that was implemented in 2005 
reduced and limited the scope of insolvency claw-backs, especially those concerning direct payments in 
accounts. For those still eligible for proposal or already pending at the date of entry into force of the reform, 
the Bank uses all available arguments to defend its position. 
With respect to disputes concerning compound interests, interest and conditions, since 1999 there has been 
a progressive increase in claims brought by account holders for the retrocession of interest expenses due to 
quarterly compound interest. In such cases, plaintiffs contest the legality of the interest rate and the 
calculation method for the fees. In this latter respect, the interpretation introduced by the Supreme Court, 
with effect from 2010 in the matter of usury, on the basis of which the maximum overdraft fees, even before 
the entry into force of Law 2/2009, had to be taken into account in the calculation of the global effective 
rate, in contrast with the guidance of the Bank of Italy, is frequently the basis for lawsuits brought by 
customers. Most of the cases involve claims related to the balances of current accounts, but increasingly 
frequent are disputes concerning compound interests, referring to the legitimacy of the so-called “French 
compound interests” of mortgage loans, and the violations of Law 108/1996 on usury, on maturing loans. 
In relation to compound interests, the reform of article 120 of the Italian Banking Act, as amended first by

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
 
Law no. 147 of 27 December 2013 and, then, by Law no. 49 of 8 April 2016, introduced relevant novelties 
in the matter of computation of interests and prohibition of their capitalisation (such as, inter alia, the 
provisions according to which: (i) interests accrued in a current account or in a payment account (both in 
favour of the Bank and in favour of the account holder) are calculated with the same frequency in any case 
not lower than one year and that (ii) accrued interests do not give rise to further interests, except for delay 
interests, and are calculated exclusively on capital and, in case of opening of credit lines settled in the current 
account, for overdrafts even in the absence of a credit line or in excess of the credit line). 
10.2.5 
Civil disputes arising in connection with the ordinary business of the Issuer 
Below are listed the most relevant proceedings in terms of the petitum and the state of the case. 
(A) 
Civil dispute brought by Fatrotek S.r.l. before the Courts of Salerno  
This case, where the Bank was sued together with other credit institutions and companies with the summons 
of 27 June 2007, seeks the assessment of alleged monetary and non-monetary damage suffered by the 
plaintiff, as a result of an alleged unlawful report filed with the Italian Central Credit Register. The relative 
claim amount is Euro 157 million. The plaintiff also asks that the defendant banks be found jointly liable, 
each proportionately to the seriousness of its behaviour. The Bank’s defence was based on the fact that the 
company’s extremely severe financial situation fully justified the Bank’s initiatives.  
At the hearing on 31 May 2018, the Judge reserved his decision on the challenges raised by the convened 
parties. On 5 June 2018, the Company declared bankruptcy. On 25 July 2018, upon the lifting of the 
reservation made during the hearing of 31 May 2018, the case was adjourned to 31 October 2018, for the 
court-appointed expert to take the oath. In the meantime, the receivership of the Fatrotek S.r.l. bankruptcy 
again took up the case. The proceedings were adjourned first to the hearing on 4 December 2019 and then 
to the hearing on 13 February 2020, where a court-appointed expert investigation was ordered and an expert 
witness was appointed. At the hearing of 25 November 2020 an extension was granted to the expert witness 
for the filing of the expert opinion and the case was postponed to 5 May 2021. 
At this hearing, the Court set a deadline for the expert witness to respond to the objections made by the 
plaintiff and at the same time sheduled the hearing for the closing arguments for 4 November 2021, then 
postponed to 6 October 2022. On 11 November 2022, the Court of Salerno issued a sentence liquidating only 
the non-pecuniary damage of Euro 20,000 for each bank for a total of Euro 100,000.00 with interest and 
litigation costs. Banca MPS's total outlay is Euro 34,151.69. The essentially victorious outcome of the trial 
indicates that the appeal is not usefully feasible.  
(B) 
Civil disputes instituted by Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A. and the Assessorato of Economy of Sicily before 
the Courts of Palermo  
Through the complaint received on 15 July 2016, Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A. (today the Agenzia delle Entrate-
Riscossione (“ADER”), which has been the universal successor in all the Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A. legal 
relationships since 1 October 2021, pursuant to article 76 of the Legislative Decree 73/2021 converted into 
Law 106/2021) notified the Bank that it had brought an action before the Court of Palermo seeking an order 
to pay the total sum of Euro 106.8 million. 
The claim of Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A. referred to in the complaint is framed within the complex relations 
between the Bank and the plaintiff company, which derive from the sale of Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A. 
(pursuant to Legislative Decree 203/2005 converted into Law 248/2005) of the participation already held by 
the Bank in Monte Paschi Serit S.p.A. (later Serit Sicilia S.p.A.). An ex officio technical advice was used 
during the trial phase, in which the results were favorable to the Bank. Indeed, the CTU not only concluded 
that nothing was due by the Bank to Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A., but also identified a credit to the Bank of 
approximately Euro 2.9 million as the balance of the sale of 60% of Serit Sicilia S.p.A. to Riscossione Sicilia 
S.p.A. by the Bank (dated September 2006), a sum which so far had been withheld by Riscossione Sicilia

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
 
S.p.A. as a guarantee deposit. By ruling 2350/22, lodged on 30 May 2022, the Court of Palermo, in 
substantial agreement with the conclusions of the ex officio technical advice, rejected the applications 
submitted by Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A. and ordered the latter to pay the Bank the sum of approximately 
Euro 2.9 million in addition to legal interest and the court proceedings’ fees. 
On 17 July 2018, the Department of Economy of the Region of Sicily notified the Bank of an order of 
injunction pursuant to article 2 of the Regional Decree 639/1910 and restitution pursuant to article 823, 
comma 2, of the Civil Code of the sum of Euro 68.6 million, giving the Bank a period of 30 days to make 
the payment with the warning that, in the absence thereof, it would proceed with the compulsory registration. 
The Region of Sicily brought a claim against Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A., with the consequent deferral of the 
first hearing of appearance, held on 26 September 2019, at which the court, having taken note of the 
statements made by the parties, granted the time limits for the filing of pleadings pursuant to article 183 of 
the Civil Code and referred the case to the hearing on 26 November 2020. On that occasion, the Bank 
requested the setting of the hearing with the purpose of clarifying the conclusions, requesting the Court to 
establish that the dispute had ceased to exist because Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A., during the proceedings, had 
proved that the claim by the Region of Sicily had been fully written off. By ruling 3649/2021, published on 
4 October 2021, the Court of Palermo dismissed our opposition to the revised order and ordered the Bank to 
pay the dispute’s fees. Against that decision, the Bank appealed to the Court of Appeal of Palermo to suspend 
the provisional enforceability of the order and the judgment of the first instance. The Court of Appeal of 
Palermo by order dated 21 December 2021, dismissed the application for a suspensive measure by deferring 
the appeal to the first-appearance hearing on 11 February 2022, for processing. By order lodged at the same 
time, the Court of Appeal ordered the adversarial procedure to be incorporated in respect of ADER, as 
successor to Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A., by setting the new appearance for the collegiate hearing on 1 July 
2022, in the context of which the case was referred to the hearing on 22 November 2024, with the purpose 
of clarifying their pleadings. If the Bank, having confirmed the enforceability of the order, makes payment 
of the amount of approximately Euro 68.6 million which is the subject of the dispute in response to the 
request of the Region of Sicily, it is entitled to request from the Agenzia delle Entrate-Riscossione, as the 
universal successor of Riscossione Sicilia S.p.A., a payment of the same amount. 
In response to the confirmation of the enforceability of the order by the court, the Region of Sicily issued a 
tax bill for Euro 68,573,105.83, for a total amount of Euro 71,333,215.61 (including Euro 2,077,682.91 for 
tax collection charges) for which the Agenzia delle Entrate-Risciscione notified the Bank of a payment notice 
on 21 September 2022. Against this notice, the Bank will claim the sum of Euro 68,573,105.83, to Agenzia 
delle Entrate-Riscossione, against which the Bank is entitled to claim as universal successor of Riscossione 
Sicilia. 
The Bank has also brought before the regional administrative Court of Sicily, seat of Palermo, an application 
for administrative judgment for the declaration of invalidity or annulment of the order of injunction pursuant 
to article 2 of the Regional Decree 639/1910 published by the department on 17 July 2018. 
The application relates to an appeal against injunction which, “alternatively, pursuant to article 823, comma 
2 of the Civil Code, orders to the Bank, within the same period of 30 days from the receipt of this letter, to 
pay back to the Region of Sicily the amount of Euro 68,573,105.83, in addition to interest on the basis of the 
special legislation for late payment in commercial transactions, pursuant to article 1284, comma 4 of the 
Civil Code”. 
Following service of the application on 16 October 2018, the application was lodged by the Bank on 12 
November 2018. The Department appeared as a party through the state advocate on 15 November 2018. The 
order setting the hearing requested by the Bank in a petition filed on 28 October 2019 is still awaited. 
(C) 
Civil Case brought by Marcangeli Giunio S.r.l.

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
 
Through a complaint delivered on 28 November 2019, Marcangeli Giunio S.r.l. requested, primarily to the 
Court of Siena, to ascertain the contractual liability of the Bank for not providing financing of Euro 24.2 
million for a development project and, consequently, that the Bank be ordered to pay compensation for 
damages amounting to Euro 43.3 million. In the alternative, in view of the facts abovementioned, the plaintiff 
requested that the pre-contractual liability of the Bank be established for having interrupted the negotiations 
with it and failed to provide the financing agreed, and the Bank be sentenced to compensate the plaintiff for 
damage in respect of the same amount as the principal claim. 
By judgment lodged on 6 June 2022, the Court of Siena dismissed the claims for damages under contractual 
and non-contractual liability submitted by the plaintiff company. The Court only accepted the restitution 
application submitted by the counterparty in respect of alleged illegal interest charged in respect of the 
advances in the land, quantified at Euro 58,038.27 plus legal interest, by offsetting the costs. The deadline 
for filing any appeal is 7 January 2023. Our willingness to acquiesce and comply with the decision has 
already been expressed to legal counsel for the plaintiff. 
(D) 
Civil Case brought by Nuova Idea S.r.l. 
Through a complaint delivered on 21 December 2021, Nuova Idea S.r.l. sued the Bank before the Court of 
Caltanissetta for the purpose of establishing liability for damages, both property and non-property, suffered 
by the plaintiff as a result of our protest against a bill of exchange of Euro 2,947 held by our subsidiary, for 
which, it was argued, we are exclusively responsible. 
In particular, the plaintiff argues that our illegitimate protest against the bill of exchange led to a series of 
events described in the complaint which resulted in a clear reduction of the plaintiff’s participation in a 
temporary grouping of undertakings awarded service contracts with ASL Napoli 1 Centro. Therefore, the 
plaintiff calls, primarily, for the court to order the Bank to pay a total claim of Euro 60.1 million for lost 
earnings, in addition to compensation for damage to the corporate image and the commercial reputation to 
be paid off on an equitable basis. 
The first-appearance hearing, set forth in the complaint dated 29 April 2022, was postponed to 4 May 2022. 
The Bank appeared before the court and argued that its protest was legitimate and there was no causal link 
between our actions and the alleged damage. At the hearing on 4 May 2022, the court reserved judgement 
on the requests and objections made by the parties and subsequently granted the parties time limits for the 
lodging of pleadings of inquiry by referring the case to a hearing on 29 March 2023. 
(E) 
Civil dispute instituted by the receivership of CO.E.STRA. S.p.A. before the Courts of Florence  
On 4 December 2014, CO.E.STRA. S.p.A., within the context of the arrangement with creditor procedures, 
served a writ of summons on the Bank and the other banks participating in a pool, to ascertain and declare 
their contractual or non-contractual liability in relation to the restructuring agreement signed by CO.E.STRA. 
S.p.A. on 30 November 2011, with a subsequent request for the banks to be held jointly liable in relation to 
the alleged damages suffered which caused/worsened the distress of CO.E.STRA. S.p.A.. These damages 
were calculated to amount to Euro 34.6 million. The decision of the judge has been challenged by the 
Supreme Court on the basis of a lack of competence pursuant to article 42 of the Italian Code of Civil 
Procedure. The proceedings are still ongoing. 
(F) 
Complaint to the Board of Statutory Auditors pursuant to article 2408 of the Italian Civil Code 
During 2021, five complaints were lodged to the Board of Statutory Auditors pursuant to article 2408 of the 
Civil Code, the content of which, the initiatives taken by the supervisory body and the results thereof, are 
detailed in the statutory reports to shareholders’ meetings convened for the approval of the 2020 
Consolidated Financial Statements and 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements, pursuant to article 2429, 
comma 2, of the Civil Code and article 153, paragraph 1 of the Consolidated Finance Act.

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors (as a result of its verifications and investigations) confirmed that the 
grounds of dismissal set out in the complaints of 31 March 2021 and 3 April 2021 were unfounded, since it 
did not detect the right of minority shareholders to deliberate informed as being affected. 
To the best of the Board of Statutory Auditors’ knowledge, no further complaints pursuant to article 2408 of 
the Civil Code were received from 3 April 2021 until 24 November 2022. 
(G) 
Anti-money laundering  
As at 30 September 2022, 24 judicial proceedings are pending before the ordinary judicial authority in 
opposition to sanctioning decrees issued by the MEF in the past years against some employees of BMPS and 
the Bank (as a jointly liable party for the payment) for infringements of reporting obligations on suspicious 
transactions pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2007. The overall amount of the opposed monetary 
sanctions is equal to Euro 3.5 million (rounded), of which Euro 1.7 (rounded) has already been paid. The 
total amount collected for the positive outcome of the subsequent degrees of such opposed monetary 
sanctions is equal to Euro 0.5 million (rounded).  
The Bank’s defence in the context of such proceedings aims, in particular, at illustrating the impossibility to 
detect, at the time of events, the suspicious elements of the transactions/subject matter of the allegations, 
usually emerging only after an in-depth analysis carried out by the tax authority and/or other competent 
authority. The upholding of the Bank’s position may entail the avoidance by the judicial authority of the 
sanctioning measure imposed by the MEF and, in case the payment of the sanction has already been 
executed, the recovery of the related amount.  
For the sake of completeness, it is worth noting that, as at 30 September 2022, 37 administrative proceedings 
are pending in addition to the abovementioned proceedings in respect of which the opposition proceedings 
are in progress and are instituted by the competent authorities for the alleged violation of the anti-money 
laundering regime. The overall amount of the petitum (the maximum amount of the applicable penalties) 
related to the abovementioned administrative proceedings is equal to Euro 0.83 million (rounded). 
10.2.6 
Labour disputes  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is involved in numerous judicial proceedings, both active 
and passive that relate to labour and concern inter alia, appeals against individual dismissals, declaration 
requests of subordinate employment relations with indefinite duration, challenge of the sale of the business 
unit, request for double remuneration following the illegitimate sale of the business unit, compensation for 
damages due to professional setbacks, requests for higher positions and miscellaneous economic claims.  
As at 30 November 2022, the overall petitum relating to the passive labour proceedings is equal to Euro 90.7 
million (Euro 81.8 million as at 31 December 2021) almost entirely relating to the Bank. 
It has to be further specified that, after the transfer of the back-office activities business unit to Fruendo S.r.l., 
which occurred in January 2014 and concerned 1,064 resources, 634 employees (subsequently reduced to 
242 as a results of reconciliations, deaths and retirements) sued the Bank before the Courts of Siena, Rome, 
Mantua and Lecce seeking, inter alia, the continuation of their employment relationship with the Bank, 
subject to prior declaration of ineffectiveness of the transfer agreement entered into with Fruendo S.r.l.. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus for 223 workers involved, the judgment was defined as unfavourable 
to the Bank. With regard to the remaining 19 employees, a judgment of first and/or second instance 
unfavourable to the Bank was issued. 
It is worth noting that in the event the illegitimacy of the transfer of the employment relationship pursuant

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
 
to article 2112 of the Italian Civil Code is ascertained, the Supreme Court, with reference to the remuneration 
obligation of the transferor, has recently ruled in a different way in relation to the approach that has been 
consolidated over time before the Supreme Court itself. In fact, with recent rulings, it has been held that the 
transferor employer bears the remuneration obligation in addition to that fulfilled by the transferee employer, 
since the principle of the liability discharge of the executed payment made by the latter does not apply to the 
present case. 
Due to this amended jurisprudential opinion (so-called “double remuneration”), as at 30 November 2022, 
215 employees, involved in the transfer of the branch and recipients of the judgments in their favour, have 
sued the Bank in order to claim the due remuneration. The legal proceedings have been brought before the 
Courts of Siena, Florence, Mantova and Roma with hearings scheduled between December 2022 and 
December 2023. 
Noting the change of law on the “double remuneration” topic and verified the increasing number of 
judgements that differ from the previous consolidated approach, it has been decided, on a prudential basis, 
to allocate to the provision for risks and charges the company’s cost relating to remunerations requested in 
court, in addition to a lump sum for out-of-court claims received to date. 
It should also be noted that the Court of Siena - Labour Section, with a judgment of 25 January 2019, rejected 
the appeals of 52 Fruendo workers (later reduced to 32 following waivers/conciliations) who sued the Bank 
to request the continuation of the employment relationship with the latter, subject to declaration of the illegal 
interposition of labor (so-called illegal contract) in the context of the services outsourced by the Bank to 
Fruendo.  
This judgment was appealed by no. 16 workers before the Court of Appeal of Florence - Labour Section 
which, on the other hand, ascertained the illegality of the contract, ordering the readmission to service of no. 
14 workers (as in relation to 2 workers the cessation of the matter of the dispute was declared following 
waivers / conciliations), which was given effect with effect from 1 March 2022. 
Furthermore, further actions were initiated to ascertain the illegality of the contract by 45 workers of 
Fruendo:  
1. 
no. 13 applicants have appealed to the Court of Padua - Labour Section: the 2 cases were reconciled 
at the hearing on 24 October 2022;  
2. 
32 workers appealed to the Court of Siena - Labour Section. We summarize below the situation of the 
related judgments:  
 
for two groups of applicants (no. 18 in total) who brought class actions, favorable judgments 
were issued at first instance by the Court of Siena - Labour Section which were appealed before 
the Court of Appeal of Florence: next hearing on 6 April 2023; 
 
for another group of applicants (no. 13 in total), the appeal was notified to the Bank on 29 June 
2022 and the first appearance hearing is scheduled for 21 December 2022; 
 
for the only applicant who has brought an individual case, the Court of Siena - Labour Section 
has set the next hearing for 5 June 2023. 
10.2.7 
Sanctioning procedures  
(I) 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
 
During the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank has not received any sanctions 
from CONSOB for aspects falling within the responsibility area of the supervisory authority. 
With regard to the sanctioning procedures falling within the competence of the Bank of Italy, during 2020 
the Bank of Italy started a sanctioning proceeding against the Bank with respect to the alleged breach of 
banking transparency provisions.  
On 11 August 2020, the Bank transmitted to the Bank of Italy its observations with regard to the audit report 
and its response to the decision to initiate the sanctioning procedure. At the same time a new remedial action 
plan was activated and completed by 31 December 2020, for which a follow-up plan was created. As a result 
of such remedial actions, the Bank refunded customers for a total amount of approximately Euro 40 million, 
of which approximately Euro 4.6 million refer to sums made available by means of a notice published in the 
Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy and in two national newspapers. 
On 6 May 2021, the Bank was imposed a pecuniary administrative sanction of Euro 2.9 million pursuant to 
art. 144 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act. 
In the meantime, the Bank of Italy has asked further information to the Bank (last communication of 8 
February 2022) regarding: (i) the mechanisms adopted to ensure the timely delivery of the European 
Standardized Information Prospectus (PIES); (ii) the transfer of payment services; (iii) the remuneration of 
the credit lines; and (iv) the application of charges in the event of delayed termination of the current account. 
During 2021 and 2022, the Bank provided the required clarifications and carried out the additional 
interventions requested by the Supervisory Authority, which are completed. 
For further information in relation to sanctioning proceedings deriving from the inspection activities carried 
out by the supervisory authorities, reference is made to paragraph “Audits” of the section “Consolidated 
Report on Operations” of the 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements. 
In December 2019, the Bank received the penalty notification from the Bank of Italy for an amount of Euro 
1.32 million highlighting deficiencies in customer due diligence requirements as well as in the identification 
of beneficial owners and suspicious transaction reporting. The supervisory authority took into consideration 
for the quantification of the penalty the remedial actions initiated and largely implemented by the Bank. 
For further information in relation to inspection activity on anti-money laundering carried out by the Bank 
of Italy on the Bank, reference is made to this in paragraph 9.2 “Inspection activity on anti-money 
laundering” of this section Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.. 
* * *  
For the sake of completeness, it should be noted that, in the period between 2012 and 2016, the Bank was 
subject to various sanction proceedings initiated by the CONSOB and the Bank of Italy supervisory 
authorities. These proceedings related to events that concerned the accounting of the “Alexandria” and 
“Santorini” operations, the FRESH 2008 and the acquisition of Banca Antonventa in addition to other events 
that were attributable to the behaviour of the management in office at the time of the individual 
infringements. These infringements were challenged and then subsequently sanctioned. 
In the context of the sanction proceedings, the natural persons sanctioned and, in some cases, directly the 
Bank, as a legal entity, were found to be in violation of regulatory and prudential provisions. As at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, these proceedings have concluded and the related sanctioning measures have been 
published by the authorities in accordance with current legislation. As a consequence thereof, the Bank paid 
the following amounts: 
(i) 
Euro 9.9 million (rounded) with respect to 4 (four) sanctioning measures imposed by the Bank of Italy

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
 
directly on natural persons and paid by the Bank under the solidarity obligation pursuant to article 
145 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act; 
(ii) 
Euro 7.5 million (rounded) for 9 (nine) sanctioning measures imposed by CONSOB of which (i) Euro 
6 million (rounded) imposed by the supervisory authority directly on natural persons and paid by the 
Bank under the solidarity obligation pursuant to article 195 of the Consolidated Finance Act and (ii) 
Euro 1.5 million (rounded) paid as a directly sanctioned legal entity. 
With regard to the proceedings for which the Bank is both jointly and severally liable (with respect to which 
the Bank executed the payment of the administrative sanctions imposed by the supervisory authorities on 
the individuals in office as at the time the facts subject to the sanction occurred), the Bank exercised 
mandatory recourse actions against such individuals subject to sanctions granting the suspension of such 
actions against those individuals in respect of which (i) no wilful default or gross negligence conduct was 
detectable in relation to the alleged irregularities; (ii) no corporate liability action was brought; and (iii) there 
were no requests for a trial with criminal proceedings connected thereto within the time limits provided for 
lodging any appeal by the applicable relevant legislation. Some of the concerned individuals, after the letters 
of formal notice were sent, failed to fulfil the payment obligation and it was therefore necessary to take civil 
actions aimed at recovering amounts paid. 
These activities and the related jurisprudential orientation could influence the duration of proceedings and 
decrease the possibility of recovery of the sums paid. With regard to the individuals who have benefited 
from the suspension of the recourse action and have brought the relevant appeals, it appears that various 
proceedings against the sanction by the sanctioned persons are still in progress at the various levels of 
judgment, according to what has been disclosed to the Issuer by the various individuals involved due to the 
fact that the Bank is not a party to the aforementioned proceedings. It should also be noted that, over the 
years, a number of sanctioned individuals have died and some of the measures have also been challenged 
before the European Court of Human Rights after the rulings issued by the Supreme Court. 
(II) 
Competition and Market Authority (“AGCM”)  
Proceedings I794 of the AGCM – Remuneration of the SEDA service  
On 21 January 2016, the AGCM opened proceedings I794 against the Italian Banking Association in respect 
of the remuneration of the SEDA service. Such proceedings were subsequently extended (on 13 April 2016) 
to the 11 most important Italian banks, amongst which was BMPS. According to AGCM the interbank 
agreement for the remuneration of the SEDA service may represent an agreement restricting competition 
pursuant to article 101 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, since it would imply “the 
absence of any competitive pressure”, with a consequent possible increase in overall prices borne by 
enterprises, which may in turn be charged to consumers. 
The proceedings were closed by the AGCM on 28 April 2017 and notified on 15 May 2017. The authority 
resolved: (i) that the parties (including BMPS) put in place an agreement restricting competition, in breach 
of article 101 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union; (ii) that the same parties should cease 
such activity and file a report illustrating the measures that were adopted to prevent such infringement by 1 
January 2018 and should refrain from undertaking such activity in the future; and (iii) as a result of this not 
being a serious infringement in respect of the legislative and economic framework in which it had been 
implemented, no sanctions are applied.  
BMPS challenged the measure before the Administrative Regional Court (“TAR”), which upheld the appeal 
and annulled the challenged measure with a judgment published on 1 July 2021. AGCM challenged the 
TAR’s judgment before the Administrative National Court (Consiglio di Stato) on 2 November 2021. BMPS 
joined the appeal proceeding.

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
 
10.2.8 
Judicial proceedings pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001 
In the context of a proceeding instituted by the public prosecutor’s office at the Courts of Forlì against several 
natural persons and three legal persons for money laundering and obstructing the exercise of public 
supervisory functions, the Bank was charged with three administrative offenses for obstruction of the 
exercise of public supervisory functions pursuant to article 2638 of the Italian Civil Code, money laundering 
pursuant to article 648-bis of the Italian Criminal Code and transnational criminal association (article 416 of 
the Italian Criminal Code). 
In particular, the public prosecutor believed that the employees of the Forlì branch of the Bank, subject to 
the direction and supervision of persons in senior positions within the Bank, committed the above described 
crimes in the interest and to the advantage of the Bank. 
According to the indictment, the commission of these offences would have been possible due to the breach 
of the direction and supervision obligations for the adoption and effective implementation by the Bank, prior 
to the commission of such offences, of an organisation, management and control model suitable to prevent 
crimes such as those at hand. 
BMPS’s activities, subject to disputes, which are within the time period 2005-2008, relate to operations 
carried out by the branch of Forlì, on behalf of the Cassa di Risparmio of San Marino, on a management 
account opened with the Bank of Italy, Forlì branch on behalf of BMPS. 
In consideration of the particular location within the Republic of San Marino, the Cassa di Risparmio of San 
Marino had in fact required the Forlì branch of BMPS to use such account to meet its cash demands, through 
the cash deposit/withdrawal operations at the relevant branch of the Bank of Italy. 
Such operations, characterised by a strong movement of cash, and the anomalies charged by the judicial 
authority on the registration in the single digital archive (Archivio Unico Informatico – “AUI”) of the relating 
transactions, which at that time, considering unequivocal legislation on the relations between the Republic 
of Italy and the Republic of San Marino, led BMPS to consider the Cassa di Risparmio of San Marino as a 
“licensed intermediary”, representing the basis of the allegations against the Bank. 
According to the judicial authority, such operations would have been put in place to prevent the identification 
of the criminal origin of such amounts, as well as the traceability of all hidden exchange operations related 
to illicit amounts. 
In particular, the employees of the Forlì branch have been jointly charged with the crime of obstructing the 
functions of public supervisory authorities, money laundering, violation of the Italian anti-money laundering 
regime and criminal association in relation to the transnational crime pursuant to Law 146/2006, the 
commission of which is assumed to have been permitted because of the breach of the direction and 
supervision obligations of the Bank in the alleged absence of a suitable and effective organisational model. 
The conduct put in place by employees, according to the opinion of the judicial authority, would have 
permitted to concealment of the commission of money laundering offenses, not to acquire accurate 
information on the actual beneficiaries of such transactions nor on the real characteristics, purpose and nature 
of the related accounting movements with effects on the recordings in the AUI. The Bank’s defence in these 
proceedings seeks to prove the non-existence of the crimes as the basis of the allegations against it and to 
demonstrate the adoption and effective implementation, already in place at the time of the events, of an 
organisation, management and control model suitable to prevent crimes such as those at hand. 
The PHJ at the Courts of Forlì ordered the indictment of the defendants, including BMPS, on grounds of 
administrative liability of entities. At the hearing of 14 December 2021, the Court of Forlì highlighted the 
radical vagueness of the charges  also with respect to the specific charges against BMPS  and therefore 
annulled the indictment decree and ordered the transmission of the acts of the proceedings to the Public

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
 
Prosecutor. 
Following the compulsory charges ordered by the judge of the preliminary investigations of Milan for the 
crimes of false corporate communications and market manipulation, the Bank has been included in the 
register of the suspects for the administrative offences pursuant to article 25-ter, lett. b) and article 25-sexies 
of Legislative Decree 231/2001. 
In such matter, relating to the process of accounting of the “Santorini” and “Alexandria” transactions 
following the restatement that occurred in 2013, the Public Prosecutor’s office at the Courts of Milan 
requested to withdraw the charges made in respect of Mr. Profumo, Mr. Viola and Mr. Salvadori. Such 
request was not granted. The abovementioned officers have been charged along with the Bank, as an 
administrative accountable entity pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001. 
Following the preliminary hearing, the PHJ recognised that there were no grounds for the issuance of a 
judgment not to proceed and it declared indictment of Mr. Viola, Mr. Profumo and Mr. Salvadori and BMPS 
(as an entity indicted pursuant to Legislative Decree 231 of 2001). 
On 15 October 2020 the Court of Milan condemned Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena SpA to the pecuniary 
administrative sanction of Euro 800,000 and to the payment of the legal costs for administrative liability, 
pursuant to art. 21 and 69 of Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, for the offenses committed by Mr Profumo 
and Mr Viola. 
Some of the civil claimants that joined in the proceedings formally asked that the Bank be summoned as the 
entity liable to pay for damages, while most of the defending counsel merely requested that their clients, by 
appearing before the Court, benefit from their participation in the proceedings. Some civil claimants joined 
in the proceedings against the Bank, seeking a declaration of liability under Legislative Decree No. 
231/2001. The petitum relating to this proceeding, where quantified in connection with the filing of damaged 
civil parties, was equal to Euro 177 million (rounded). 
10.2.9 
Administrative offences pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2001 challenged in relation to 
the sale of investment diamonds based on alleged self-laundering crime (article 648-ter of 
the Italian Criminal Code)  
On 19 February 2019, the Bank was notified by the office of the GIP of the Court of Milan of a prior seizure 
order concerning this matter. The decree was issued to a large number of natural persons, two diamond 
companies (Intermarket Diamond Business S.p.A. and Diamond Private Investment S.p.A. (“DPI”)), and 
five banking institutions, including the Bank, and led to the prior seizure order related to the profit of a 
continuing aggravated scam offence of Euro 35.5 million. A prior seizure order was also made pursuant to 
article 53 of 231 Model of Euro 0.2 million for the offence of self-money laundering. 
On 6 April 2021, the public prosecutor’s office to the Court of Milan issued a request for referral to court 
against 110 persons, including five managers – four of whom are no longer in service – and eight branch 
managers, in connection with aggravated and continued fraud offences and, concerning only five managers, 
in connection with the use of money (self-money laundering). The Bank was charged with an administrative 
offence pursuant to articles 5 and 25-octies of the 231 Model in relation to the offence of self-money 
laundering pursuant to article 648-ter 1 of the Criminal Code. 
At the hearing held on 20 December 2021, preliminary questions were discussed and at the subsequent 
hearing held on 21 January 2022, the GUP accepted the question of regional incompetence raised by the 
parties, removing the proceeding from the jurisdiction of the Ambrosian court and providing for the 
transmission of documents:

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
 
- 
to the public prosecutor of Rome, with respect to the allegations of fraud against the representatives 
of the DPI and the Bank (as well as the employment and money laundering cases concerning the 
accused representatives of DPI); and 
- 
to the public prosecutor of Siena, regarding the allegations of money laundering against the 
management of the Bank and the corresponding administrative offence, contested by the Bank in its 
request for referral to trial. 
On 8 June 2022, in the context of this new procedure in Siena, the public prosecutor issued the notice of 
conclusion of the preliminary hearings and the simultaneous notice of guarantee towards 4 former managers 
and a sole manager, still in service, already involved in the main proceedings in Milan, for the offence of 
self-money laundering pursuant to articles 81, 110, and 648-ter 1 comma 1, 2 and 5 of the Criminal Code. 
The notice confirmed that the Bank has been charged in connection with the administrative offence pursuant 
to articles 5, comma 1, lett. b) and 25-ocities of the 231 Model. 
On 23 February 2022, the Court of Siena, and on 10 March 2022, the Court of Rome – GIP Office, ordered 
the validation of the prior seizure order of Euro 0.2 million, issued against the Bank for the administrative 
offence pursuant to article 25-octies of the 231 Model in relation to article 648-ter 1 of the Criminal Code 
(money laundering), and Euro 35.5 million for the fraud crime. 
On 16 June 2022, the public prosecutor of Rome, following a specific application filed by the Bank, ordered 
the release of the abovementioned sum of Euro 35.5 million. On 12 September 2022, the Public Prosecutor’s 
Office of Siena, with reference to the criminal proceeding concerning the offences of self-money laundering, 
filed a request for dismissal against the individuals (4 former managers and the only manager in service), 
investigated for self-money laundering as well as ordered the dismissal of the Bank as administratively liable 
party. 
The revocation of the prior seizure order of Euro 0.2 million in connection with the self-money laundering 
offence pursuant to 231 Model was also ordered. The order of dismissal against the Bank was forwarded to 
the Attorney General of the Court of Appeal of Florence, pursuant to Article 58 of 231 Model, while the GIP 
will rule on the request for dismissal made against the individuals. 
With regard to the Bank’s sale of diamonds, further criminal proceedings have been instituted before the 
public prosecutor’s office at the Milan court for offences of aggravated fraud, money laundering, and 
obstacles to the exercise of the functions of public supervisory authorities. On 28 September 2021, the public 
prosecutor made a request that seven former managers (including five in the main line) and the Chief 
Executive Officer and General Director pro tempore of the Bank, stand trial. 
The preliminary hearing was set for 30 September 2022. At that hearing, the Preliminary Hearing Judge 
postponed the hearing to 25 January 2023 for any civil action and the relative matters as well as for further 
preliminary matters, including regarding jurisdiction. In these new proceedings, the Bank is not involved as 
party with administrative liability pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 231/2001. To meet the initiatives 
taken, the Bank has set aside provisions which take into account, among other things, the anticipated number 
of requests and the current wholesale value of the stones to be collected. 
As at 30 September 2022, more than 12 thousand claims had been received for a total value of around Euro 
316 million; while the cases concluded were equal to a total of roughly Euro 315.5 million (of which around 
Euro 1.5 million in the first nine months of 2022, covered for the total value net of the market value of the 
stones by the 73 Interim Report on Operations as at 30 September 2022 the Bank provision for risks and 
charges allocated in previous years) and represent 91.6% of the total volume of diamond offers reported by 
the Parent Company. Residual provisions for risks and charges recognised against the relief initiative were 
equal to Euro 4.6 million at the end of September 2022. As at 30 September 2022 the stones returned were 
recognised for a total value of Euro 76.9 million.

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
 
10.2.10 Tax disputes  
The Bank and the main group companies are involved in a number of tax disputes. As at 30 June 2022 
approximately 170 cases are pending, for a total amount at a consolidated level of Euro 79.5 million 
(rounded) for taxes, sanctions and interests set out in the relevant claim (of which Euro 75.9 million relate 
to the Bank). The value of disputes also include that associated with tax verifications closed for which no 
dispute is currently pending since the tax authority has not yet formalised any claim or contention. 
In relation to pending tax disputes, which are associated with “likely” unfavourable outcomes, as at 30 June 
2022 the Bank allocated to the overall provision for risks and charges an amount equal to Euro 12.1 million 
(rounded). 
Please find below an overview of the most significant pending proceedings in terms of the petitum (over 
Euro 5 million for taxes and penalties), and the main investigations in progress. 
(A) 
Revaluation of substitute tax  
Following a tax audit carried out during 2011, the Italian Tax Authority alleged that the merged MPS 
Immobiliare S.p.A. made an incorrect determination of the basis for calculating the substitute tax on the 
redemption balance of the monetary revaluation for the 2006 tax period. The resulting contingent liability 
(i.e., taxes and penalties) amounted to approximately Euro 31 million. In response, we have disputed the 
claim. The dispute is currently pending before the Italian Supreme Court despite the fact that the reasons put 
forward by us have prevailed in both the trial and appellate court. As a consequence of the circular letter no. 
6/E issued on 1 March 2022 by the Italian Tax Authority, in which the same acknowledged the existence of 
several court opinions unfavorable to their position with respect to the tax claim under analysis, certain 
discussions have been carried out with the Italian Tax Authority, in order to obtain the waiver of the tax 
claim and a resolution of the dispute. On 29 December 2022, following a self-defense order by which the 
Italian Tax Authority fully cancelled the claim, the dispute has been settled. 
The risk of a negative outcome was classified as remote by the company and its advisors. 
(B) 
Deductibility and pertinence of some costs of the former consolidated company Prima SGR S.p.A.  
The Bank is party to litigation brought by Anima SGR S.p.A. (which, at the time of the relevant events, was 
a shareholding of the Bank) in relation to tax claims brought by the Italian Revenue Agency, Regional 
Department of Lombardy against Prima SGR S.p.A. (already adhering to the tax consolidation, subsequently 
merged into Anima SGR S.p.A.). The tax claims related to non-compliance with the accrual principle of 
certain costs, considered also not pertaining to the business, deducted in the fiscal years 2006, 2007 and 
2008. The Italian Revenue Agency has assessed Euro 20.6 million in total for taxes and penalties as follows: 
(i) for fiscal year 2006, taxes of approximately Euro 4.3 million and penalties of approximately Euro 5.1 
million; (ii) for fiscal year 2007, taxes of approximately Euro 2.8 million and penalties of approximately 
Euro 3.6 million; (iii) for fiscal year 2008, taxes of approximately Euro 2.1 million and penalties of 
approximately Euro 2.7 million. 
With respect to this matter, two separate proceedings are currently pending before the Italian Supreme Court: 
(i) one proceeding related to the fiscal year 2006 (brought by the Italian Revenue Agency against the 
appellate court judgment in favor of the company) and (ii) one related to the fiscal years 2007 and 2008 
(brought by the company against the appellate court judgment in favor of the Italian Revenue Agency). As 
a consequence of partial cancellation stemming from an internal review of the tax claims by Italian Revenue 
Agency and the payment of taxes in relation to a tax claim that was accepted by the company, the overall 
amount at issue has been reduced from Euro 20.6 million to Euro 18.8 million. 
In the opinion of the Bank and its advisors, a negative outcome is probable as to a portion of the claim 
amounting to approximately Euro 1.8 million and possible as to a portion of the amounting to approximately 
Euro 17 million.

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
 
(C) 
Tax disputes involving the former consolidated company AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita in respect of 
the securities held thereby in Monte Sicav  
The Bank is party to litigation initiated by AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. in relation to tax claims 
brought by the Italian Revenue Agency, Regional Department of Lazio. The claims related to the tax 
treatment of the write-downs carried out in respect of the shares held in Luxembourg’s SICAV Monte 
SICAV. The Regional Department of Lazio assessed higher taxes and penalties amounting to Euro 26.2 
million (plus interest) against the company, for fiscal year 2004. 
The IRES dispute was settled on a favorable basis by AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. pursuant to the 
Legislative Decree 119/2018 (“Fiscal Peace”) for Euro 11.6 million. The IRAP dispute was settled by the 
Italian Supreme Court, which dismissed the company’s appeal on 12 December 2019. 
The same applies to the fiscal year 2003, in respect of which the Italian Revenue Agency contested the full 
deductibility, for IRPEG (corporate income tax) and IRAP purposes, of the value adjustments entered by 
AXA MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. and relating to Monte SICAV securities. This dispute was settled by 
the Italian Supreme Court, which dismissed the company’s appeal on 26 July 2019. The total liability arising 
from the litigation amounts to approximately Euro 7.5 million (plus interest). With regard to the tax disputes, 
the Bank is liable due to the guarantee clauses contained in the contracts for the sale of AXA MPS 
Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A.. In this respect, during 2020, AXA Mediterranean Holding S.A. made a claim for 
approximately Euro 8.2 million and reserved the right to request additional sums as a result of any subsequent 
events that would increase the damage related to the tax disputes. The Bank responded to the request by 
challenging most of the amounts that make up the total amount claimed. 
In the Bank and its adviser’s view, a negative outcome is probable as to a portion of the claim amounting to 
approximately Euro 6.6 million and remote as to a portion of the claim amounting to approximately Euro 
1.6 million. 
(D) 
IRAP assessment for tax year 2015  
Following a tax audit concluded in 2018, the Italian Revenue Agency served the Bank with a notice of 
assessment for IRAP purposes for the fiscal year 2015. In the notice, the Italian Revenue Agency challenged 
the non-taxation of certain revenue accounted in the financial statements. The Bank appealed the notice of 
assessment, the total claim of which was approximately Euro 8 million (Euro 3.9 million in taxes, Euro 3.5 
million in penalties and Euro 0.6 million in interest) before the competent tax court. On 18 January 2022, 
the initial tax claim was subsequently revised by the Italian Revenue Agency stemming from an internal 
review thereby cancelling all claims for additional tax, penalties and interests and reduced the tax claim to 
Euro 3.9 million. On 23 June 2022, the court issued a ruling partially unfavorable to the Bank, accepting 
only part of the appeal (for an amount of Euro 0.4 million) and rejecting the other petitions. The time limits 
for filing the appeal are pending. 
In the Bank and its adviser’s view, the likelihood of a negative outcome is possible. 
10.3 New legal proceedings  
10.3.1 
Civil Case brought by Caltagirone Group   
Through a complaint delivered on 2 August 2022, the companies Caltagirone Editore S.p.A., Finced S.r.l., 
Capitolium S.r.l., Mantegna 87 S.r.l., Vianini Lavori S.p.A., Fincal S.p.A. sued the Bank before the Court of 
Rome to complain about the misrepresentations spread on the market by the Bank in relation to investments 
in Mps shares made by the six companies between 2006 and 2011. 
The counterparties declared that they had invested a total amount of approximately Euro 856 million in MPS 
shares, and that they had sold these financial instruments in the first few months of 2012, reporting a loss of 
approximately Euro 741 million.

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
 
The first hearing is scheduled on 30 January 2023. 
10.3.2 
Civil Case brought by Angelino + 40 
Through a complaint dated  31 December 2022, Mr Angelino and other 40 persons sued the Bank before the 
Court of Milan to challenge the investments made by the Bank in connection with the previous rights offering 
(i.e. through purchases on the telematics-secondary market between 2013 and 2016). 
The plaintiffs therefore requested full compensation for the damage suffered equal to the entire consideration 
paid for the purchase of the BMPS shares, with a final quantification of the claim of approximately Euro 
81.2 million plus interest and revaluation of the balance and compensation for damage, including non-
pecuniary damage. 
The first hearing is set for 12 April 2023. 
10.3.3 
Civil Case brought by Società Italiana per Condotte d'Acqua S.p.A. in amministrazione 
straordinaria 
On 23 December 2022, the Società Italiana per Condotte d'Acqua S.p.A. in amministrazione straordinaria 
served a complaint on the former directors, auditors of the Bank and other Italian banking institutions (35 
institutions) for compensation of damages for Euro 389.3 million that such company allegedly suffered by 
reason of an alleged causal link between the request of financing of the company and a contra ius financing 
to such company with a consequent loss for the business activity of the company. 
The hearing is set for 12 July 2023 before the Court of Rome.

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
 
MANAGEMENT OF THE BANK 
The Bank is managed by a board of directors tasked with strategic supervision. The Board of Directors in 
office consists of 15 members. The Chief Executive Officer is appointed by the Board of Directors. 
Under the Italian Civil Code, the Bank is required to have a board of statutory auditors. 
Each Director and Statutory Auditor shall meet the requirements provided for by the applicable laws and 
BMPS’ by-laws. 
Board of Directors 
The Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of the Bank held on 18 May 2020 appointed the following members to 
the Board of Directors for financial years 2020, 2021 and 2022 (save for what mentioned in notes (1) and 
(2) below): 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Place and date of birth 
Main activities outside 
the Bank, deemed 
significant 
 
1. 
Patrizia Grieco (*) 
Chairperson 
Milano, 1 February 1952 
Director of Ferrari N.V. 
Director 
of 
Amplifon 
S.p.A. 
Member of the Italian 
Corporate 
Governance 
Committee 
Chairperson of Assonime 
(Associazione 
per 
le 
società italiane per azioni) 
2. 
Luigi Lovaglio (1) 
Chief Executive 
Officer and 
General 
Manager  
Potenza, 4 August 1955 
 
3. 
Francesca Bettìo 
(**) 
Deputy 
Chairperson  
Piove di Sacco (PD), 1 
October 1950 
 
4. 
Rita Laura 
D’Ecclesia (**) 
Deputy 
Chairperson 
Foggia, 
30 
September 
1960 
Chairperson of the Board 
of Directors of Lumen 
Ventures SIS S.p.A. 
5. 
Luca Bader (**) 
Director 
Milano, 18 May 1974 
Director of Decode39 
S.r.l. 
Chairperson of the Board 
of Atlantic Consulting 
S.r.l.

--- Page 192 ---
- 192 - 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Place and date of birth 
Main activities outside 
the Bank, deemed 
significant 
 
6. 
Alessandra 
Giuseppina 
Barzaghi (**) 
Director 
Giussano (MP), 29 April 
1955 
 
7. 
Marco Bassilichi 
(*) 
Director 
Firenze, 3 October 1965 
Deputy Chairperson of 
the Board of Base Digitale 
Group S.r.l.  
Director of ITH S.p.A. 
Deputy 
Chaiperson 
of 
Mercury 
B 
Capital 
Limited 
8. 
Francesco 
Bochicchio (**) 
Director 
Roma, 19 August 1956 
Chairperson 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Committee 
of Cassa di Risparmio 
della provincia di Chieti - 
Carichieti 
S.p.A., 
company 
under 
compulsory 
administrative liquidation 
(“Liquidazione 
coatta 
amministrativa”) 
9. 
Rosella Castellano 
(**) 
Director 
Catania, 27 June 1965 
 
10. 
Stefano Di Stefano 
(2)  
Director 
Casoli (Chieti), 5 May 
1960 
Member 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
of 
STMicroelectronics 
Holding N.V. – STH  
11. 
Paola De Martini 
(**) 
Director 
Genova, 14 June 1962 
Director of Renergetica 
S.p.A. 
Director of Octo 
Telematics Italia S.r.l. 
12. 
Raffaele Di Raimo 
(**) 
Director 
Roma, 3 June 1965 
 
13. 
Marco Giorgino 
(**) 
Director 
Bari, 11 December 1969 
Director, 
Member 
of 
Audit 
and 
Risk, 
Corporate 
Governance 
and 
Sustainability 
Committee 
and 
Chairperson of Related

--- Page 193 ---
- 193 - 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Place and date of birth 
Main activities outside 
the Bank, deemed 
significant 
 
Parties 
Committee 
of 
Terna S.p.A.  
Director 
of 
RealStep 
SICAF 
Standing Auditor of Luce 
Capital S.p.A. 
14. 
Nicola Maione 
(**) 
Director 
Lamezia Terme (CZ), 9 
December 1971 
Expert member of the 
Monitory 
Committee 
(“Comitato 
di 
Sorveglianza”) 
of 
Bernardi Group S.p.A. 
Expert member of the 
Monitory 
Committee 
(“Comitato 
di 
Sorveglianza”) 
of 
Go 
Kids S.r.l. 
Expert member of the 
Monitory 
Committee 
(“Comitato 
di 
Sorveglianza”) of Nuova 
Sofia S.r.l. 
Expert member of the 
Monitory 
Committee 
(“Comitato 
di 
Sorveglianza”) of Tinos 
S.r.l. 
Chairperson 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
(“Organismo 
di 
Vigilanza”) 
of 
SAT 
Società 
Autostrada 
Tirrenica S.p.A. 
Chairperson 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
(“Organismo 
di 
Vigilanza”) 
of 
RAV 
Raccordo 
Autostradale 
Valle d’Aosta S.p.A. 
Chairperson 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
(“Organismo 
di 
Vigilanza”) of STIMB

--- Page 194 ---
- 194 - 
 
 
Name 
Position 
Place and date of birth 
Main activities outside 
the Bank, deemed 
significant 
 
Società 
Italiana 
per 
Azioni per il Traforo del 
Monte Bianco  
Chairperson 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
(“Organismo 
di 
Vigilanza”) of Società 
Tangenziale 
Napoli 
S.p.A. 
15. 
Roberto Rao (**) 
Director 
Roma, 3 March 1968 
 
(*) Independent director pursuant to the Consolidated Finance Act. 
(**) Independent director pursuant to the by-laws (Consolidated Finance Act and the Corporate Governance 
Code for Listed Companies).  
(1) Executive Director, appointed by the Board of Directors on 7 February 2022 as Chief Executive Officer 
and General Manager, after co-option pursuant to Article 2386 of the Italian Civil Code to replace the 
resigning director Olga Cuccurullo. The Director was confirmed in the position by the Shareholders' 
Meeting on 12 April 2022. 
(2) Director appointed by the Shareholders’Meeting on 12 April 2022, to replace Guido Bastianini, former 
Chief Executive Officer and General Manager of BMPS. 
Managers with strategic responsibilities  
 
 
Name  
Position 
Place and 
date of birth 
Main activities outside the 
Bank, deemed significant 
 
1.  
Luigi Lovaglio 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer and General 
Manager 
Potenza, 4 
August 1955 
 
2.  
Maurizio Bai 
Chief 
Commercial 
Officer of Businesses 
and 
Private 
Customers 
Grosseto, 23 
July 1967 
Director of MPS Leasing &
Factoring S.p.A. 
3.  
Leonardo Bellucci 
Chief Risk Officer 
Firenze, 21 
February 1974 
 
4.  
Massimiliano Bosio 
Chief 
Audit 
Executive 
Torino, 26 July 
1971 
 
5.  
Vittorio Calvanico 
Chief 
Operating 
Officer 
Napoli, 8 
February 1964 
Director of Ausilia S.r.l.

--- Page 195 ---
- 195 - 
 
 
Name  
Position 
Place and 
date of birth 
Main activities outside the 
Bank, deemed significant 
 
Chairperson of Consorzio 
Operativo Gruppo Montepaschi 
S.c.p.a. 
6.  
Ettore Carneade 
Compliance Officer 
Mola di Bari 
(BA), 16 June 
1961 
 
7.  
Nicola Massimo 
Clarelli 
Financial 
Reporting 
Officer 
Caserta, 22 
October 1971 
 
8.  
Roberto Coita 
Chief Human Capital 
Officer 
Milano, 28 
January 1972 
Director of Widiba S.p.A. 
9.  
Fiorella Ferri 
Chief Safety Officer 
Sovicille (SI), 5 
June 1962 
Chairperson of the Board of
Directors of Cassa di Previdenza
Aziendale per il personale di Monte
dei Paschi di Siena 
10.  
Fabrizio Leandri 
Chief 
Lending 
Officer  
Roma, 21 April 
1966 
Deputy Chairperson of Monte
Paschi Banque S.A. 
Director of MPS Capital Services
Banca per le Imprese S.p.A. 
11.  
Andrea Maffezzoni 
Chief 
Financial 
Officer  
Sesto San 
Giovanni 
(Milan), 27 
March 1972 
 
12.  
Pasquale Marchese 
Chief 
Commercial 
Officer Retail 
Pescara, 2 June 
1961 
Deputy Chairperson of Widiba
S.p.A. 
Director 
of 
AXA 
MPS
Assicurazioni Danni S.p.A. 
Director 
of 
AXA 
MPS
Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. 
Director of Bancomat S.p.A. 
13.  
Riccardo Quagliana 
Group 
General 
Counsel 
Milano, 4 
February 1971 
Deputy 
Chairperson 
of 
MPS
Capital Services Banca per le
Imprese S.p.A. 
14.  
Emanuele Scarnati 
Chief 
Commercial 
Officer 
Large 
Corporate 
& 
Investment Banking 
Jesi (Ancona), 
11 August 1965 
General Manager of MPS Capital
Services Banca per le Imprese 
S.p.A.

--- Page 196 ---
- 196 - 
 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The Ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of the Bank held on 18 May 2020 appointed the following members to 
the Board of Statutory Auditors for financial years 2020, 2021 and 2022, save for what mentioned in note 
(*) below: 
 
1. Enrico Ciai 
Chairperson 
Roma, 16 January 
1957 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of AXA 
MPS Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A. 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of AXA 
MPS 
Assicurazioni 
Danni 
S.p.A. 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of MPS 
Capital Services Banca per le 
Imprese S.p.A. 
Director of Reactive S.r.l. 
(Almaviva Group) 
2. Luigi Cevasco (*) 
Auditor 
Genova, 20 May 
1961 
Director of Arrigoni S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of AXA MPS 
Assicurazioni Danni S.p.A. 
Representative in charge of a 
branch office of Turn Works 
Inc. (“Rappresentante preposto 
di sede secondaria”) di Turn 
Works Inc. 
3. Luigi Soprano 
Auditor 
Napoli, 22 February 
1959 
Standing Auditor of AXA MPS 
Assicurazioni Vita S.p.A.  
Sole Director of H & B 
Immobiliare S.r.l. 
Director of Interservice S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of Del Bo 
Società Consortile S.c.a.r.l. 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of Del Bo 
Impianti S.r.l. 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of Del Bo 
Roma S.r.l. 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of Del Bo 
S.p.A.

--- Page 197 ---
- 197 - 
 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of Del Bo 
Servizi S.p.A. 
Sole Auditor of Aedifica S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of VRENT 
S.p.A. 
Director of Mecar S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of Mairo S.r.l. 
4. Francesco 
Fallacara (*) 
Alternate 
Auditor  
Bari, 14 June 1964 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of Maire 
Tecnimont S.p.A.  
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of TIM 
S.p.A. 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of TIM 
Retail S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor and external 
auditor of Ro.Co. Edil Romana 
Costruzioni Edilizie S.r.l.  
Standing 
Auditor 
of 
Eni 
Progetti S.p.A. 
Director 
of 
ArgoGlobal 
Assicurazioni S.p.A. 
Sole Auditor of GB Trucks 
Socio Unico S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of Nextchem 
S.r.l. 
Sole Auditor of SIBI Segheria 
Industriale 
Boschiva 
Immobiliare S.r.l. 
Sole Auditor of I Casali del 
Pino S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor of Cartiere di 
Guarcino S.p.A. 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of ATAC 
S.p.A. (Azienda per la mobilità 
di Roma Capitale) 
Standing Auditor of Casa di 
Cura La Madonnina S.p.A.  
Standing Auditor of GSD 
Sistemi e servizi S.c.a.r.l.

--- Page 198 ---
- 198 - 
 
Director of Patty S.s. 
Statutory 
Auditor 
of 
ENI 
Natural Energies S.p.A. 
5. Piera Vitali 
Alternate 
Auditor  
Mede (PV), 8 June 
1949 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of Piaggio & 
C. S.p.A. 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of Value 
Retail Management Italy S.r.l. 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors of VR Milan 
S.r.l. 
(*) Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors appointed by the Shareholders’ Meeting of the Bank held on 
6 April 2021. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is required to verify that the Bank complies with applicable law and its by-
laws, respects the principles of correct administration, and maintains an adequate organisational structure, 
internal controls and administrative and accounting systems. The Board of Statutory Auditors has a duty to 
shareholders to whom they report at the annual Ordinary Shareholders’ meeting approving the financial 
statements. 
Each member of the Board of Directors, the Board of Statutory Auditors and those managers with strategic 
responsibilities are domiciled for the purposes of their offices at the registered office of Banca Monte dei 
Paschi di Siena S.p.A., in Siena, Piazza Salimbeni 3, Italy. 
For further information please refer to the Bank’s website at www.gruppomps.it – Corporate Governance. 
Statutory Auditing 
Pursuant to article 28 of the Bank’s by-laws, on 11 April 2019 the Ordinary Shareholders’ meeting appointed 
the audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. as independent auditors for the statutory audit of the accounts 
2020-2028. The statutory audit shall be performed by an independent auditor meeting the requirements 
established by law. 
Conflict of Interest 
BMPS is an Italian bank with shares listed on regulated markets and as such deals with any conflicts of 
interest of the members of its administrative, management and supervisory bodies in accordance with the 
requirements of article 2391 (“Directors’ interests”) and article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code (“Related 
party transactions”), article 53, paragraph 4 (“Regulatory supervision”) and article 136 (“Obligations of 
bank corporate officers”) of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act and the regulatory provisions on related 
party transactions adopted by CONSOB with Resolution no. 17221 of 12 March 2010 as subsequently 
amended and supplemented (“Regulation on Related Party transactions”) and by the Bank of Italy with 
Circular 285/2013 (Chapter 11, Part three on “Risk activities and conflicts of interest with respect to affiliated 
parties”) as subsequently amended and supplemented, article 88 of CRD IV (loans to members of the 
management body and their related parties), article 36 of Legislative Decree 201/2011, converted by Law 
no. 214/2011 (so-called prohibition of interlocking), in addition to the provisions of BMPS’ by-laws on the 
matters (articles 15, 17, 19 and 25).

--- Page 199 ---
- 199 - 
 
In this regulatory framework and in line with the principles defined in section 12 of the EBA guidelines on 
internal governance (EBA/GL/2021/05) and the EBA-ESMA guidelines on the assessment of the suitability 
of the members of the management body and staff that play key roles (EBA/GL/2021/06), the Bank’s Board 
of Directors has over time approved specific internal directives and policies, including the Group Directive 
on personnel conflicts of interest, in order to evaluate, manage and mitigate or prevent actual or potential 
conflicts of interest between the interests of the Issuer and the private interests of staff (including members 
of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies).  
The company legislation defines principles, responsibilities, procedures and decision-making and 
information skills, and safeguards for the related risks, in particular with regard to subjects close to the 
Bank’s decision-making centres. The Issuer’s website (www.gruppomps.it) makes available provisions and 
procedures which define the principles and responsibilities for the management of the prescriptive 
obligations regarding related parties and affiliated parties and obligations of bank representatives. 
To the best of BMPS’s knowledge and belief, as of the date this Base Prospectus there are no conflicts 
involving the members of its administrative, management and supervisory bodies between their obligations 
towards the Bank and their private interests and/or their obligations towards third parties, other than those 
occurring within the context of specific resolutions adopted by BMPS in accordance with the aforementioned 
legislation and BMPS’ by-laws.  
To the best of BMPS’ knowledge, the following have potential conflicts of interest: 
- 
the Board of Directors member Marco Bassilichi, in view of his particular interest as a shareholder or 
holder of corporate offices in companies with commercial, financial and professional relationships 
deemed significant by the Issuer’s Board of Directors; and 
- 
the Chairperson of the Board of Statutory Auditors, Enrico Ciai, for his position as independent 
director in Reactive S.r.l., which belongs to the Almaviva Group, a group that provides certain IT 
services to the Issuer. 
For these positions, the respective bodies to which the abovementioned figures belong have taken steps to 
adopt specific governance safeguards in order to prevent any actual conflict of interest also in relation to the 
independence of judgment of the same figures. 
For the sake of completeness, Board of Directors Member Stefano Di Stefano, who was appointed by the 
Shareholders’ Meeting on 12 April 2022, holds the position of Director of Office IV of Directorate VII - 
Enhancement of Public Assets at the MEF, which has been Issuer’s controlling shareholder since August 
2017. 
Article 19 of BMPS’ by-laws, in addition to compliance with the provisions of article 136 of the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act, obliges the members of the Board of Directors to inform the Board itself and the 
Board of Statutory Auditors of any deal in which they are personally interested or which regards entities or 
companies of which they are directors, auditors or employees (unless in the case of Group companies) and 
to abstain from resolutions in which they have an interest in conflict, on their own behalf or on behalf of 
third parties. The main transactions concluded with related parties are described in the 2021 Consolidated 
Financial Statements and the 2022 Consolidated Half-Yearly Report published and available on the Bank’s 
website www.gruppomps.it. 
Main Shareholders as at the date of this Base Prospectus  
The entities that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, directly and/or indirectly hold ordinary shares for 
more than 3 per cent. of the Issuer’s share capital and do not fall under any of the exemptions provided for 
by article 119-bis of the CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, are as follows:

--- Page 200 ---
- 200 - 
 
Shareholders 
% share capital on overall share 
capital  
Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (MEF) 
64.230% 
AXA S.A. 
7.947% 
Although the MEF is controlling shareholder, the Issuer is not under direction and coordination activities 
pursuant to Italian law, since the MEF has not made any communications regarding the exercise of direction 
and control over the Issuer. Furthermore, the MEF has stated that it does not carry out direction and 
coordination activities pursuant to Italian law with respect to the companies in which it has taken an 
ownership interest.

--- Page 201 ---
- 201 - 
 
Regulatory aspects 
1) 
Deferred tax assets  
Within the context of the legislative framework relating to DTAs, Law of 22 December 2011, no. 214 (“Law 
214/2011”) provided for the conversion into tax credits of DTAs referred to write-downs and credit losses, 
as well as those relating to the value of goodwill and other intangible assets (so-called DTAs eligible for 
conversion) in case the company records a loss for the period in its individual financial statement. The 
conversion into tax credit operates in regard to DTAs recorded in the financial statement in which the loss 
is recognised and for a fraction thereof equal to the ratio between the loss amount and the company’s equity. 
Law 214/2011 further provided for the conversion of DTAs also in the presence of a tax loss, on an individual 
basis; in such case, the conversion operates for the DTAs recognised in the financial statement versus the 
tax loss for the portion of the same loss generated by the deduction of the above illustrated negative income 
components (write-downs and credit losses, goodwill and other intangible assets). 
In such legislative framework, accordingly, the recovery of DTAs eligible for conversion seems guaranteed 
for the Bank also in case the latter does not generate adequate future taxable income capable of ordinarily 
absorbing the deductions that correspond with the DTAs recorded. The tax regime introduced by Law 
214/2011, as stated by the Bank of Italy/CONSOB/ISVAP (now IVASS) within the document “Accounting 
treatment of deferred taxes deriving from Law 214/2011” no. 5 of 15 May 2012, in granting “certainty” to 
the recovery of DTAs eligible for conversion, impacts in particular on the recoverability test laid down by 
the accounting standard IAS 12, basically makes it automatically satisfied. Even the regulatory legislation 
provides for a more favourable treatment for DTAs eligible for conversion compared to the other types of 
DTAs since the former, for the purpose of the capital adequacy requirements the Group shall comply with, 
do not constitute negative elements at equity level and are included among RWA with a 100 per cent. 
weighting. 
In relation to DTAs eligible for conversion pursuant to Law 214/2011, article 11 of Law Decree No. 59/2016 
subjected the possibility to continue to apply the above described regime in the matter of conversion into tax 
credits of advanced tax assets to the exercise of a specific irrevocable option and the payment of an annual 
fee (“DTA fee”) to be paid with reference to each of the financial years starting from 2015 and subsequently, 
if annual requirements are met, until 2029. As clarified in the press release of the Council of Ministers on 29 
April 2016, such provision were necessary to overcome the doubts raised by the European Commission on 
the existence of “State aid” components in the legislative framework relating to deferred tax assets then in 
force. 
In more detail, the fee for a specific financial year is determined by applying the 1.5 per cent. rate to a “base” 
obtained by adding the difference between DTAs eligible for conversion that are recorded in the financial 
statement of such financial year and the corresponding DTAs recorded in the 2007 financial statement, the 
overall amount of conversions into tax credits operated until the relevant financial year, net of taxes, 
identified in the Decree, paid with respect to the specific tax periods established in the same Decree. Such 
fee is deductible for the purpose of income taxes. 
The Bank exercised the aforementioned option by paying the fee, within the given deadline of 31 July 2016, 
for the amount of Euro 70.4 million, due by 2015. Further, article 26-bis of Decree 237 amended article 11 
of Law Decree 59/2016, substantially moving the DTA fee’s reference period from 2015-2029 to 2016-2030. 
Consequently, the fee already paid by 31 July 2016 in relation to 2015 is deemed deferred to 2016 and the 
amount remained unchanged; as a consequence of the exercise of the option, the Bank also proceeded with 
the payment of the fee due for 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022 for the amount of Euro 346.5 million. 
In relation to the expected evolution of the amount of DTAs eligible for conversion, please note that as a 
consequence of the rules introduced by Law Decree No. 83/2015 (converted by Law 6 August 2015 no. 132), 
such amount may no longer be increased in the future. Specifically, from 2016 the pre-requirement for the

--- Page 202 ---
- 202 - 
 
recognition of DTAs from write-downs and credit losses ceased, with those negative income items becoming 
fully deductible.  
In relation to DTAs relating to goodwill and other intangible assets, if recognised in the Financial Statement 
from 2015 onwards, they will no longer be eligible for conversion into tax credits due to the effect of 
aforementioned Law Decree 83/2015. 
It should be noted that the Italian legislation provides for the EGS (economic growth support (aiuto alla 
crescita economica)) introduced by article 1 of the Law-Decree no. 201/2011. Such incentive provides, for 
companies that have increased their capital resources compared to the respective size as of 31 December 
2010, with the right to operate downward to their taxable income by an amount equal to the notional return 
(1.3 per cent. from 2019) on the capital increase realised. This downward amendment is recognized for the 
financial year in which the capital increase took place, as well as for each of the subsequent years (until the 
rule is repealed) and, in case of insufficient taxable income of one of those, may be deducted from the 
following years” income. Such deduction, for entities that participate in the group taxation system (also 
known as tax consolidation (consolidato fiscale)), must be added to taxable income before the use of past 
tax losses. It follows that, with equal prospective income generating capacity, the presence of this incentive 
reduces, to an extent directly proportional to its amount, the possibility of recording DTAs relating to past 
tax losses. The incentive at stake, temporarily repealed by Law no. 145 of 30/12/2018 with effect from 2019, 
was then reinstated by Law no. 160 of 27/12/2019, rendering the previous repeal ineffective. 
Although the carry-forward of tax losses and EGS surpluses is not subject to any time limit according to 
current tax regulation, the regulatory provision provide for a more penalizing treatment of the relevant DTAs 
than for other DTAs that may not be converted into tax credits pursuant to Law no. 214/2011, since they are 
deducted from assets according to phasing-in percentages without the benefit of the deductible mechanism. 
Moreover, it should be noted that according to Law Decree No. 83/2015, by recognising the immediate 
deductibility of write-downs and credit losses entailed for financial years subsequent to 2015, a relevant 
reduction of corporate income tax extends the time horizon for the absorption of tax losses and prior EGS 
surplus and, accordingly, for the DTAs associated with such losses and surpluses. 
It should be noted that Article 44-bis of Law Decree 34/2019 (as amended by Law Decrees 18/2020 and 
73/2021) introduced the possibility of conversion of DTAs related to tax losses and EGS surpluses into tax 
credits as well. The conversion is allowed in case of sale of NPLs carried out in 2020 and 2021 towards third 
parties not belonging to the Group. Tax losses or EGS surplus convertible are determined as 20% of the 
nominal value of NPLs sold (up to a limit of Euro 2 billion) and the tax credit amount corresponds to related 
DTAs (even if not booked in the balance sheet). An annual 1.5% fee is due on the DTAs converted amount, 
under the same conditions as that due for conversions made in accordance with Law 214/2011. 
2) 
Regulations and Supervision of the ECB, Bank Of Italy, CONSOB and IVASS 
The Group is subject to complex regulations and, in particular, to the supervision of the Bank of Italy, 
CONSOB and, in relation to a number of aspects of the bancassurance business, the Istituto per la Vigilanza 
sulle Assicurazioni (“IVASS”). As from 4 November 2014, the Group is also subject to the supervision of 
the ECB, which is entrusted under the SSM (as defined below), inter alia, to ensure the homogeneous 
application of Eurozone legislative provisions.  
In particular, the Group is subject to both a primary and secondary legislation framework applicable to 
companies with financial instruments listed on regulated markets. The legislation is applicable in regard to 
banking and financial services (governing, inter alia, sale and placement activities of financial instruments 
and the marketing thereof), as well as for the regulatory regime of countries, including those other than the 
Republic of Italy, in which the Group is active. The supervision activities carried out by the aforementioned 
authorities cover various business sectors and may concern, inter alia, liquidity, capital adequacy and 
financial leverage levels, the prevention and combating of money laundering, privacy protection, 
transparency and fairness in the relations with clients, and reporting and recording obligations.

--- Page 203 ---
- 203 - 
 
For the purpose of operating in accordance with such legislations, the Group put in place specific internal 
procedures and policies and has adopted, pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 231/2001, a complex and 
constantly monitored organisational model. Such procedures and policies mitigate the possibility of the Bank 
to incur any breach of the various applicable legislations, which may cause negative impacts on the business, 
reputation as well as on the capital, economic and/or financial condition of the Bank and/or of the Group.  
In general, the international and national legislative structure to which the Group is subject has the main 
purpose of safeguarding the stability and soundness of the banking system, through the adoption of a very 
complex regime, aimed at containing risk factors. To achieve these goals, the regime provides for, inter alia: 
(i) 
a minimum capital holding, adequate to deal with the company’s size and the associated risks; 
(ii) 
quantitative and qualitative limits on the ability to develop certain financial aggregate data, depending 
on the risks associated therewith (e.g. credit, liquidity); 
(iii) 
strict rules on the structure of controls and a compliance system; and 
(iv) 
rules on corporate governance. 
Basel III and the CRD IV Package 
In the wake of the global financial crisis that began in 2008, the Basel Committee on banking supervision 
(“BCBS”) approved, in the fourth quarter of 2010, revised global regulatory standards (“Basel III”) on bank 
capital adequacy and liquidity, which impose requirements for, inter alia, higher and better-quality capital, 
better risk coverage, measures to promote the build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods of stress 
and the introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-based requirement as well as two global 
liquidity standards.  
In January 2013 the BCBS revised its original proposal in respect of the liquidity requirements in light of 
concerns raised by the banking industry, providing for a gradual phasing-in of the Liquidity Coverage ratio 
(“LCR”) with a full implementation in 2019 as well as expanding the definition of high quality liquid assets 
to include lower quality corporate securities, equities and residential mortgage backed securities. Regarding 
the other liquidity requirement, the net stable funding ratio, the BCBS published the final rules in October 
2014 which were to be effective from 1 January 2018. A binding detailed net stable funding ratio was 
intoduced as part of the Capital Requirements Directive reforms published in June 2019 and applicable from 
June 2021, as better detailed below. 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the European Union (“EU”) through new banking 
requirements: Directive 2013/36/EU (the “CRD IV”) of the European Parliament and the European Council 
on 26 June 2013 which relates to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (the “CRR” and together with the CRD 
IV, the “CRD IV Package”) of the European Parliament and the European Council on 26 June 2013 which 
relates to prudential requirements for credit institution and investment firms, subsequently updated with the 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 (the “CRD V”) and Regulation (EU) 2019/876 (the “CRR II” and, together with 
the CRD V, the “EU Banking Reform Package”).  
National options and discretions under the CRD IV Package that were previously only exercised by national 
competent authorities, will now be exercised by the Single Supervisory Mechanism (“SSM”) (as defined 
below) in a largely harmonised manner throughout the European banking union. In this respect, on 14 March 
2016, the ECB adopted Regulation (EU) No. 2016/445 on the exercise of options and discretions, as 
subsequently amended. Depending on the manner in which these options/discretions had been exercised by 
the national competent authorities and on the manner in which the SSM will exercise them in the future, 
additional/lower capital requirements may result.

--- Page 204 ---
- 204 - 
 
In the Republic of Italy, the Government approved Legislative Decree No. 72 on 12 May 2015 (“Decree 
72/2015”) implementing the CRD IV. Decree 72/2015 entered into force on 27 June 2015. The new 
regulation impacts, inter alia, on: 
(i) 
proposed acquirers of holdings in credit institutions, requirements for shareholders and members of 
the management body (articles 22, 23 and 91 of the CRD IV); 
(ii) 
competent authorities’ powers to intervene in cases of crisis management (articles 102 and 104 of the 
CRD IV); 
(iii) 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (known as whistleblowing, article 71 
of the CRD IV); and 
(iv) 
administrative penalties and measures (article 65 of the CRD IV).  
Moreover, the Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in Circular No. 285 on 17 
December 2013 (“Circular No. 285”) which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing the CRD IV 
Package and then the CRD V Package, and setting out additional local prudential rules. Circular No. 285 has 
been constantly updated after its first issue, the last updates being the 40th update published on 3 November 
2022. The CRD IV Package has also been supplemented in the Republic of Italy by technical standards and 
guidelines finalized by the European supervisory authorities, mainly EBA and the European Securities and 
Markets Authority, and delegated regulations of the European Commission and guidelines of the EBA.  
According to Article 92 of the CRR, as amended by the CRR II, institutions shall at all times satisfy the 
following own fund requirements: (i) a CET1 Capital ratio of 4.5 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount; 
(ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount; (iii) a Total Capital ratio of 8 per 
cent. of the total risk exposure amount and (iv) the Leverage Ratio of 3%. These minimum ratios are 
complemented by the following capital buffers to be met with CET1 Capital, reported below as applicable 
with reference to 30 June 2022: 
 
Capital conservation buffer: set at 2.5 per cent. from 1 January 2019 (pursuant to article 129 of the 
CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section II of Circular No. 285);  
 
Counter-cyclical capital buffer: calculated on a quarterly basis depending on the geographic 
distribution of the relevant credit exposures of the institution and on the decisions of each competent 
national authorities setting the specific rates applicable in the home Member State, other Member 
States or third countries (pursuant to article 130 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section 
III of Circular No. 285). The Bank of Italy has set, and decided to maintain, the countercyclical capital 
buffer rate (relating to exposures towards Italian counterparties) at 0 per cent. for the first quarter of 
2023; 
 
Capital buffers for global systemically important banks (“G-SIBs”): represents an additional loss 
absorbency buffer varing depending on the sub-categories on which the global systematically 
important institutions (G-SIIs) are divided into. The lowest sub-category shall be assigned a G-SII 
buffer of 1% of the total risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRR 
and the buffer assigned to each sub-category shall increase in gradients of at least 0.5% of the total 
risk exposure amount calculated in accordance with Article 92(3) of the CRR. G-SIIs are determined 
according to specific indicators (e.g. size, interconnectedness, complexity) and, being phased in from 
1 January 2016, became fully effective on 1st January 2019 (pursuant to article 131 of the CRD IV 
and Part I, Title II, Chapter I, Section IV of Circular No. 285). Based on the most recently updated 
list of G-SIIs published by the FSB (as defined below) on 23 November 2022 (updated annually), the 
Group is not a G-SIB and does not need to comply with a G-SII capital buffer requirement; and

--- Page 205 ---
- 205 - 
 
 
Capital buffers for other systemically important banks (“O-SIIs”): up to 3.0 per cent. as set by the 
relevant competent authority (reviewed at least annually), to compensate for the higher risk that such 
banks represent to the domestic financial system (article 131 of the CRD IV and Part I, Title II, 
Chapter I, Section IV of Circular No. 285). Although the Group had not reached the minimum 
threshold identified by the EBA “Guidelines on criteria to assess other systematically important 
institutions” to be automatically classified as O-SII, on 25 November 2022, the Bank of Italy exercised 
its supervisory judgment and decided to identify the Group as an O-SII authorised to operate in the 
Republic of Italy in 2023. From January 2023, the Group will have to maintain a capital buffer of 0.25 
per cent. of its total risk exposure amount. 
In addition to the above listed capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV, as amended by CRD V, each 
Member State may introduce a systemic risk buffer (“SyRB”) in order to prevent and mitigate long-term 
non-cyclical systemic or macro prudential risks not otherwise covered by the CRD IV Package, in the sense 
of a risk of disruption in the financial system with the potential of having serious negative consequences on 
the financial system and the real economy in a specific Member State.  
With update no. 38 of 22 February 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order to provide for, inter 
alia, the introduction of:  
(i) the possibility for the Bank of Italy to activate the SyRB for banks and banking groups authorised in Italy. 
In particular, the requirement to maintain a SyRB Common Equity Tier 1 is intended to prevent and mitigate 
macro-prudential or systemic risks not otherwise covered with the macro-prudential instruments provided 
for by the CRR, as amended by CRR II, the anti-cyclical capital buffer and capital buffer for G-SII and O-
SII. The buffer ratio for systemic risk can be applied to all exposures or to a subset of exposures and to all 
banks or to one or more subsets of banks with similar risk profiles; and 
(ii) some macro-prudential instruments based on the characteristics of customers or loans (so-called 
“borrower-based measures”). Specifically, these are measures that are not harmonised at European level, 
which can be used to counter systemic risks deriving from developments in the real estate market and from 
high or rising levels of household and non-financial corporate debt.  
Failure by an institution to comply with the buffer requirements described (“Combined Buffer 
Requirements”) may trigger restrictions on distributions by reference to the so-called “Maximum 
Distributable Amounts” and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan and/or take remedial 
actions (articles 141 to 142 of the CRD IV).  
In addition, the Bank is subject to the Pillar II requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV Package, 
which are potentially impacted, on an on-going basis, by further requirements provided by the supervisory 
authorities under the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”). In particular, the SREP process 
is aimed at ensuring that institutions have in place adequate arrangements, strategies, processes and 
mechanisms to maintain the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital commensurate to their risk 
profile, as well as robust governance and internal control arrangements. The key purpose of the SREP 
process is to ensure that institutions have adequate arrangements as well as capital and liquidity to ensure 
sound management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might be exposed, including those revealed 
by stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the financial system. For more information in 
this respect reference is made to paragraph “The Single Supervisory Mechanism” below. 
The quantum of any Pillar II requirement imposed on a bank and the type of capital which a bank is required 
to apply in order to meet such capital requirements may all impact a bank’s ability to comply with the 
Combined Buffer Requirement. 
With reference to the “stacking order” of own funds requirements, as clarified in the “Opinion of the 
European Banking Authority on the interaction of Pillar I, Pillar II and combined buffer requirements and 
restrictions on distributions” published on 16 December 2015, competent authorities should ensure that the

--- Page 206 ---
- 206 - 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to be taken into account in determining the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
available to meet the combined buffer requirement is limited to the amount not used to meet the Pillar I and 
Pillar II own funds requirements of the institution. In effect, this would mean that Pillar II capital 
requirements would be “stacked” below the capital buffers, and thus a firm’s CET1 resources would only be 
applied to meet capital buffer requirements after Pillar I and Pillar II capital requirements have been met in 
full. 
Furthermore, in its publication of the 2016 EU-wide stress test results on 29 July 2016, the EBA has 
recognised a distinction between “Pillar II requirements” (stacked below the capital buffers) and “Pillar II 
capital guidance” (stacked above the capital buffers). With regard to Pillar II capital guidance, the publication 
stated that, in response to the stress test results, competent authorities may (among other things) consider 
“setting capital guidance, above the combined buffer requirement”. Competent authorities have remedial 
tools if an institution refuses to follow such guidance. The ECB published a set of “Frequently asked 
questions on the 2016 EU-wide stress test”, confirming this distinction between Pillar II requirements and 
Pillar II capital guidance and noting that “Under the stacking order, banks facing losses will first fail to fulfil 
their Pillar II capital guidance. In case of further losses, they would next breach the combined buffers, then 
Pillar II requirements, and finally Pillar I requirements”. 
This distinction between “Pillar II requirements” and “Pillar II capital guidance” has been introduced in the 
EU by the CRD V. Whereas the former are mandatory requirements imposed by supervisors to address risks 
not covered or not sufficiently covered by Pillar I and buffer capital requirements, the latter refers to the 
possibility for competent authorities to communicate to an institution their expectations for such institution 
to hold capital in excess of its capital requirements (Pillar I and Pillar II) and combined buffer requirements 
in order to cope with forward-looking and remote situations. Under the EU Banking Reform Package, and 
as described above, only Pillar II requirements, and not Pillar II capital guidance, will be relevant in 
determining whether an institution is meeting its combined buffer requirement. 
Non-compliance with Pillar II capital guidance does not amount to failure to comply with capital 
requirements, but should be considered as a “pre-alarm warning” to be used in a bank’s risk management 
process. If capital levels go below Pillar II capital guidance, the relevant supervisory authorities, which 
should be promptly informed in detail by the bank of the reasons of the failure to comply with the Pillar II 
capital guidance, will take into consideration appropriate and proportional measures on a case by case basis 
(including, by way of example, the possibility of implementing a plan aimed at restoring compliance with 
the capital requirements - including capital strengthening requirements). 
With update no. 39 of 13 July 2022, the Circular No. 285 was amended in order to align its provisions with 
Articles 104 to 104c of the CRD IV, as amended by CRD V. In particular, the amendments introduced to 
Part I, Chapter 1, Title III of the Circular No. 285 provide for, inter alia, the introduction of:  
(i) a clear differentiation between the components of Pillar 2 Requirements (“P2R”) estimated from an 
ordinary perspective and the Pillar 2 Guidance determined from a stressed perspective wich supervisory 
authorities may require banks to hold; and 
(ii) the possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional capital in the presence of excessive 
leverage risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (P2R and Leverage Ratio and Pillar 2 Guidance 
Leverage Ratio).  
The CRD IV Package also introduced a LCR. This is a stress liquidity measure based on modelled 30-day 
outflows. The LCR was implemented in 1 October 2015, although it was phased-in and became fully 
applicable from 1 January 2018 and set at 100 per cent.. The Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/61 of 10 October 2014 supplementing the CRR in regard to the liquidity coverage requirement for 
credit institutions (the “LCR Delegated Act”) was adopted in October 2014 and published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union in January 2015. On 20 May 2022, amendments to the LCR Delegated Act 
were published in the Official Journal (Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2012/786 of 10 February

--- Page 207 ---
- 207 - 
 
2022) and has applied as of July 2022.Most of these amendments have been introduced to better allow the 
credit institutions issuing covered bonds to comply, on one hand, with the general liquidity coverage 
requirement for a 30 calendar day stress period and, on the other hand, with the cover pool liquidity buffer 
requirement, as laid down by Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council. The 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”) is part of the Basel III framework and aims to promote resilience over 
a longer time horizon (1 year) by creating incentives for banks to fund their activities with more stable 
sources of funding on an on-going basis. The NSFR has been introduced as a requirement in the CRR II 
published in June 2019 and applies from June 2021. 
Furthermore, the Bank is bound to comply with the general limit on the investment in equity interests and 
real estate properties, to be contained within the amount of own funds at consolidated level, and the 
regulatory limits in the matter of holding of qualifying equity interests in non-financial enterprises and large 
exposures. The Bank is also subject to the regulatory limits provided for by the national legislation in the 
matter of transactions with related parties as per the Bank of Italy Circular 285 for banks as well as the 
specific obligations set forth by the regulation issued by CONSOB. 
With regard to the calculation modalities of regulatory requirements, in order to determine weightings in the 
context of the credit risk standardised approach, the first pillar prudential regime allows for the possibility 
to use the creditworthiness assessments issued by external credit assessment institutions (“ECAI”). BMPS 
uses the assessments provided by certain ECAIs and, in particular, those issued by Standard & Poor’s, 
Moody’s and Fitch. In addition, in relation to credit risk, the prudential regime further allows for the 
possibility to use internal rating-based assessments for the determination of weightings on exposures falling 
within the validated perimeters.  
The EU Banking Reform Package 
The EU Banking Reform Package amends many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, the 
BRRD (as defined below) and the SRM Regulation (as defined below).  
These proposals were agreed by the European Parliament, the European Council and the European 
Commission and were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 entering into 
force 20 days after, even though most of the provisions apply as of 28 June 2021, allowing for smooth 
implementation of the new provisions.  
Specifically, the new EU regulatory framework introduced by the CRR II includes: 
 
revisions to the standardised approach for counterparty credit risk; 
 
revisions to the prudential treatment of exposures in the form of units or shares in collective 
investment undertakings, envisaging the application of a risk weight of 1250% (fall-back approach) 
in the event that the bank is unable to apply the look-through approach or the mandate-based approach; 
 
introduction from September 2021 of new reporting requirement on market risk according to the 
Alternative Standardised Approach pending implementation in the EU of the latest changes to the 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book (“FRTB”) published in January 2019 by the BCBS and 
then the application of own funds requirements; 
 
a binding leverage ratio (and related improved disclosure requirements) introduced as a backstop to 
risk-weighted capital requirements and set at 3 per cent. of an institution’s Tier 1 capital; 
 
a binding NSFR which requires credit institutions and systematic investment firms to finance their 
long-term activities (asset and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of funding (liabilities) in 
order to increase banks resilience to funding constraints. This means that the amount of available 
stable funding will be calculated by multiplying an institution’s liabilities and regulatory capital by

--- Page 208 ---
- 208 - 
 
appropriate factors that reflect their degree of reliability over a year. The NSFR will be expressed as 
a percentage and set at a minimum level of 100 per cent., indicating that an institution holds sufficient 
stable funding to meet its funding needs during a one-year period under both normal and stressed 
conditions. The NSFR applies at a level of 100 per cent. at individual and a consolidated level starting 
from 28 June 2021, unless competent authorities waive the application of the NSFR on an individual 
basis;  
 
changes to the large exposure limits, now calculated as the 25% of Tier 1; 
 
the exemption from deductions of prudently valued software assets from CET 1;  
 
improvement of own funds calculation adjustments for exposures to SME and infrastructure projects; 
and 
 
the CRD V reviews, among other things, the Pillar 2 regulatory framework for capital buffers, which 
officially introduces the distinction between Pillar 2 requirements and Pillar 2 capital guidance, also 
specifying the nature the equity instruments with which banks must satisfy the Pillar 2 requirement. 
Most of the provisions of the CRR II apply from 28 June 2021, although certain provisions, such as those 
relating to definition or own funds, were implemented from 27 June 2019. The elements of the package 
introduced by the CRD V  
shall be implemented into national law by 28 December 2020 excluding some provisions which will be 
applicable subsequently. Although it is expected to be gradually implemented, such regulatory evolution, 
whose aim was to set a higher system stability, may in any case have a significant impact on financial 
institutions. 
In Italy, the Government approved a Legislative Decree on 8 November 2021 (“182 Decree”) implementing 
the CRD V and amending the Italian Banking Act. 182 Decree entered into force on 30 November 2021. 
182 Decree impacts, inter alia, on: 
 
proposed acquirers of holdings in credit institutions, requirements for shareholders and members of 
the management body (Articles 22, 23 and 91 of the CRD V Directive); 
 
competent authorities’ powers to impose additional own fund requirements (Articles 104 and 104a of 
the CRD V Directive); 
 
authorisation regime applicable to financial holding companies and mixed financial holding 
companies (Article 21a of the CRD V Directive); and  
 
regime governing the banking groups and introduction of the status of “intermediate EU parent” 
(Article 21c of the CRD V Directive). 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published, as part of a legislative package that includes also 
amendments to CRD V, the text of the proposal to amend the CRR II (“CRR III” and jointly the “2021 
Reform Package”). In particular, the 2021 Reform Package legislative initiative aims at implementing in 
the EU the Basel IV (as defined below) and further elements not included in such international framework 
contributing to financial stability and to the steady financing of the economy in the context of the post-
COVID 19 crisis recovery. This general objective can be broken down in four more specific objectives: 
 
(i) 
to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, without significant increases in capital requirements 
overall; 
(ii) 
to enhance the focus on ESG risk in the prudential framework;

--- Page 209 ---
- 209 - 
 
(iii) 
to further harmonise supervisory powers and tools;  
(iv) 
to reduce institutions' administrative costs related to public disclosure and to improve access to 
institutions prudential data; and 
(v) 
to insert in the CRR a dedicated treatment for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for 
internal MREL (i.e. “daisy chain approach”). 
Once agreed on the final text between the various stakeholders involved in the legislative process (European 
Commission, European Parliament and Council of the EU) and once implemented in the Union, these 
regulatory changes will impact the entire banking system and consequently could determine changes in the 
capital calculation and increase capital requirements. 
The EBA has been conducting regular and ad-hoc quantitative impact studies to assess or monitor the impact 
of various rules on th EU banking sector.  
Regular monitoring exercise includes also a monitoring exercise to assess the impact of the Basel III 
framework on a sample of EU banks that the EBA conducts in coordination and in parallel with the BCBS 
(“Basel III Monitoring Exercise”). This exercise assesses the impact of the latest regulatory developments 
at BCBS level in the following area: (a) global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking 
systems; (b) the Liquidity Coverage Ratio and liquidity risk monitoring tools; (c) the leverage ratio 
framework and disclosure requirements; (d) the Net Stable Funding Ratio; and (e) the post-crisis reforms. 
 
The impact of the Basel III is assessed using mostly the following measures: 
 
(i) 
percentage impact on minimum required Tier 1 capital (MRC); 
(ii) 
impact, in basis point, on the current actual Tier 1 capital ratio; and 
(iii) 
Tier 1 shortfall resulting from the full implementation of Basel III, namely the capital amount that 
bansks need to filfil the Basel III MCR. 
Pursuant to the EBA Decision no. EBA/DC/2021/373, the Basel III Monitoring Exercise became mandatory 
and is carried out on an annual basis only. 
 
On 30 September 2022, EBA published its first mandatory Basel III Monitoring Report which assess the 
impact that Basel III full implementation will have on EU banks in 2028. According to this assessment, the 
full Basel III implementation would result in an average increase of 15.0% of the current Tier 1 minimum 
required capital. Thus, to comply with the new framework, banks would need EUR 1.2 billion of additional 
Tier 1 capital.  
 
On 4 May 2020, EBA published its final draft technical standards on specific reporting requirements for 
market risk, in accordance with the mandate set out in the provisions of the CRR II. 
 
In particular, the implementing technical standards (“ITS”) introduced uniform reporting templates, the 
template related instructions, the frequency and the dates of the reporting, the definitions and the IT solutions 
for the specific reporting for market risk. These ITS introduce the first elements of the Fundamental Review 
of the Trading Book (FRTB) into the EU prudential framework by means of a reporting requirement. Based 
on the ITS submitted by the EBA, the European Commission adopted the Implementing Regulation no. 
2021/453/EU of 15 March 2021 which applied from 5 October 2021. 
It should be noted that during 2020 the ECB granted a number of supervisory measures that included a 
greater flexibility in supervisory burdens in order to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on the European 
banking system. In particular, the ECB allowed banks the possibility of temporarily operating below the 
capital level defined by the Pillar 2 capital guidance, the capital conservation buffer and the LCR, and the 
possibility of partially using Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital to meet the Pillar 2 requirement 
(P2R), bringing forward the measure contained in the CRD V. Moreover, Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the

--- Page 210 ---
- 210 - 
 
European Parliament and of the Council (the “CRR Quick-fix”), brought forward the application date of 
certain CRR II measures to 27 June 2020, including the SME supporting factor, the infrastructure supporting 
factor and the more favourable treatment of certain loans granted by credit institutions to pensioners or 
employees, and the application date of the new prudential treatment of software assets to the date on which 
the EBA’s regulatory technical standards enter into force (Delegated Regulation (EU) 2020/2176 was 
published on 22 December 2020 and became effective from 23 December 2020). The CRR Quick-fix also 
amended the IFRS 9 transitional arrangements to mitigate the impact on regulatory capital and on banks’ 
lending capacity of the likely increases in expected credit loss provisioning under IFRS 9 due to the economic 
consequences of the COVID-19 crisis, and introduced several temporary measures, such as the temporary 
treatment of unrealised gains and losses measured at fair value through other comprehensive income for 
exposures to central governments, the temporary treatment of public debt issued in the currency of another 
Member State and the temporary measures relating to the calculation of the leverage ratio (the exclusion, 
subject to the discretion of the competent authority, of certain exposures to central banks from the total 
exposure measure and the revised calculation of the exposure value of regular-way purchases and sales 
awaiting settlement). With regard to exclusion of certain exposures to central banks from total exposure 
measures, on 18 June 2021, ECB announced its temporary exclusion in view of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
for a period starting on 28 June 2021 and ending on 31 March 2022 (Decision ECB 2021/2176). 
On 10 February 2022, the ECB announced to see no needs to allow banks to operate below the level of 
capital defined by their Pillar 2 Guidance beyond December 2022, nor to extend beyond March 2022 the 
supervisory measure that allow them to exclude central bank exposure from their leverage ratios. Therefore, 
banks are: (i) expected to operate above Pillar 2 Guidance from 1 January 2023; (ii) re-include central bank 
exposures in leverage ratio from 1 April 2022; and (iii) have ample headroom above capital and leverage 
ratio requirements.  
Furthermore, in July 2020, the European Commission adopted a legislative package on capital markets 
recovery (the “Capital Markets Recovery Package”) as part of its overall strategy to tackle the economic 
impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Under the Capital Markets Recovery Package targeted amendments to 
(i) the Prospectus Regulation and Directive 2004/109/EC (such amendments having been introduced by 
Regulation (EU) 2021/337), (ii) the MiFID II (such amendments having been introduced by Directive (EU) 
2021/338) and (iii) the Securitisation Regulation (such amendments having been introduced by Regulation 
(EU) 2021/557), have been introduced in the EU legislative framework.  
For more details on the amendments to the Securitisation Regulation, please see paragraph “The 
Securitisation Framework” below.  
The Single Supervisory Mechanism  
In October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted regulations establishing the SSM for all banks 
in the Eurozone, which have, beginning in November 2014, given the ECB, in conjunction with the national 
competent authorities of the Eurozone states, direct supervisory responsibility over “banks of systemic 
importance” in the European banking union as well as their subsidiaries in a participating non-Eurozone 
Member State. The SSM Regulation that sets out the practical arrangements for the SSM was published in 
April 2014 and entered into force in May 2014. Banks directly supervised by the ECB include, inter alia, 
any Eurozone bank that has: (i) assets greater than Euro 30 billion; (ii) assets constituting at least 20 per cent. 
of its home country’s gross domestic product; or (iii) requested or received direct public financial assistance 
from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism.  
The ECB is also exclusively responsible for key tasks concerning the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions, which include, inter alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw the authorisation of all credit 
institutions in the Eurozone; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings in other banks; (iii) ensure 
compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) set, where 
necessary, higher prudential requirements for certain banks to protect financial stability under the conditions 
provided by EU law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate governance practices and internal capital

--- Page 211 ---
- 211 - 
 
adequacy assessment controls; and (vi) intervene at the early stages when risks to the viability of a bank 
exist, in coordination with the relevant resolution authorities. The ECB also has the right to impose pecuniary 
sanctions. 
National competent authorities will continue to be responsible for carrying out supervisory tasks not 
conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money laundering, payment services, and branches of 
third country banks, besides supporting the ECB in day-to-day supervision. In order to foster consistency 
and efficiency of supervisory practices across the EU, the EBA is developing a single rule book. The single 
rule book aims at providing a single set of harmonised prudential rules in which institutions throughout the 
EU must respect. 
The Bank and the Group have been classified, as a significant supervised entity and a significant supervised 
group, respectively, pursuant to the SSM Regulation and Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European 
Central Bank of 16 April 2014 and, as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB.  
The ECB is required under the SSM Regulation to carry out a SREP process at least on an annual basis. In 
addition to the above, the EBA published on 19 December 2014 its final guidelines for common procedures 
and methodologies in respect of the SREP. Included in these guidelines were the EBA’s proposed guidelines 
for a common approach to determining the amount and composition of additional Pillar II own funds 
requirements to be implemented from 1 January 2016. Under these guidelines, national supervisors should 
set a composition requirement for the Pillar II requirements to cover certain specified risks of at least 56 per 
cent. of CET1 Capital and at least 75 per cent. Tier 1 capital. The guidelines also contemplate that national 
supervisors should not set additional own fund requirements in respect of risks which are already covered 
by the combined buffer requirements (as described above) and/or additional macro-prudential requirements. 
On 18 March 2022, the EBA published its final report on revised Guidelines on common procedures and 
methodologies for SREP and supervisory stress testing. The EBA has developed the revised SREP 
Guidelines in order to implement the changes brought by CRD V and CRR II. In particular, the revision of 
the Guidelines, while keeping the original framework with the main SREP elements intact, reflects, among 
other things, the introduction of the assessment of the risk of excessive leverage and the revision of the 
methodology for the determination of the Pillar 2 Guidance. Additional relevant changes are related to the 
enhancement of the principle of proportionality and the encouragement of cooperation among prudential 
supervisory authorities and AML/CFT supervisors, as well as resolution authorities. The Bank of Italy should 
report its intention to comply with the Guidelines by 2 months after the publication of the translation in the 
official EU languages (still pending). The guidelines will apply from 1 January 2023. 
As mentioned above, according to the SSM Regulation, the national supervisory authorities remain in charge 
of carrying out those supervisory tasks which are not given to the ECB (such as, among the others, 
conducting the function of competent authorities over credit institutions in relation to markets in financial 
instruments). Therefore, the Bank is also subject to, inter alia, CONSOB supervision, given its activities 
carried out in relation to the sale, placement and marketing of financial instruments. 
Single Resolution Mechanism  
In August 2014, Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (as amended, the “SRM Regulation”) establishing the single 
resolution mechanism (“SRM”) entered into force. The SRM became fully operational on 1 January 2016. 
Certain provisions, including those concerning the preparation of resolution plans and provisions relating to 
the cooperation of the Single Resolution Board (“SRB”) with national resolution authorities, entered into 
force on 1 January 2015.  
The SRM, which complements the SSM, applies to all banks supervised by the ECB SSM. It mainly consists 
of the SRB and a Securitisation Regulation Framework (“SRF”).

--- Page 212 ---
- 212 - 
 
Decision-making is centralised with the SRB, and involves the European Commission and the European 
Council (which will have the possibility to object to the SRB’s decisions) as well as the ECB and national 
resolution authorities.  
The establishment of the SRM is designed to ensure that supervision and resolution is exercised at the same 
level for countries that share the supervision of banks within the ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism. 
The SRM Regulation was subsequently updated by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 (“SRM II Regulation”), as 
part of the EU Banking Reform Package, published on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 2019. 
In line with the changes to BRRD II (as defined below), the SRM II Regulation which applies from 28 
December 2020 introduced several amendments such as changing the MREL for banks and G-SIBs, in order 
to measure it as a percentage of the total risk-exposure amount and of the leverage ratio exposure measure 
of the relevant institution. BRRD and SRM Regulation require institutions to meet MREL at all times, which 
has to be determined by the resolution authority in order to ensure the effectiveness of the bail-in tool and 
other resolution tools.  
The BRRD and the revision of the BRRD framework 
The BRRD completes the legislative framework applicable to banks, identifying the powers and tools which 
national authorities in charge of resolving banking crisis may adopt for the resolution of a bank’s crisis or a 
collapse situation. This was for the purpose of guaranteeing continuity of the essential functions of the 
institution, reducing to a minimum the collapse impact on the economy and the financial system as well as 
on costs for taxpayers. On 9 July 2015, the enabling act for the implementation of the BRRD was approved, 
identifying, inter alia, the Bank of Italy, as national resolution authority pursuant to article 3 of the BRRD. 
On 16 November 2015, contemporaneously with the publication in the Official Journal, Legislative Decrees 
no. 180 and 181 of 16 November entered into force and respectively implemented the BRRD and adapted 
the provisions of the Italian Banking Act to the changed legislative framework.  
With specific reference to the bail-in instrument, the BRRD has provided a minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities (“MREL”) in order to ensure that a bank, in case of an application of the bail-
in tool, has sufficient liabilities to absorb losses and to assure compliance with the Common Equity Tier 1 
requirement provided for the authorisation to exercise the banking business, as well as to generate confidence 
in the market. Regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria to determine the MREL requirements 
are set out in Delegated Regulation EU 2016/1450 which was published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 3 September 2016. 
In April 2021, Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/763 on disclosure reporting on MREL and TLAC has 
been published, providing for: (i) draft uniform disclosure formats for MREL and TLAC disclosure 
according – respectively – to Articles 45i(6) of the BRRD and 434a of the CRR; and (ii) draft uniform 
reporting templates, instructions and methodology for MREL and TLAC reporting according – respectively 
– to Articles 45i(5) of the BRRD and 430(7) of the CRR. Title I of Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/763 
shall apply from 28 June 2021, while Title II shall apply as of 1 June 2021 as regards the disclosures in 
accordance with Article 437a and point (h) of Article 447 of CRR, and as of the date of application of the 
disclosure requirements in accordance with the third subparagraph of Article 3(1) of Directive (EU) 
2019/879, as regards the disclosures in accordance with Article 45i(3) of BRRD. 
The BRRD also requires Member States to ensure that national insolvency laws contain a prescribed creditor 
hierarchy. The insolvency hierarchy directive (Directive (EU) 2017/2399), due to be transposed in Member 
States by 29 December 2018, amends this hierarchy by introducing a new asset class of non-preferred senior 
debt that can only be bailed-in in resolution after capital instruments but before senior liabilities. In the 
Republic of Italy, such directive has been implemented by the Italian Law No. 205/2017 which introduced 
article 12 bis into the Italian Consolidated Banking Act.

--- Page 213 ---
- 213 - 
 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power 
to permanently write-down/convert into shares or other instruments of ownership (including the 
Subordinated Notes) at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (non- 
viability loss absorption). Any shares issued to holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion may 
also be subject to any application of the general bail-in tool. The point of non-viability under the BRRD is the 
point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution (but no 
resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or its group will no longer be viable unless the 
relevant capital instruments (including the Subordinated Notes) are written-down/converted or extraordinary 
public support is to be provided. 
Resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt instruments (such as the 
Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) issued by an institution under 
resolution, amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, the date on which the interest 
becomes payable (including by suspending payment for a temporary period) and to restrict the termination 
rights of holders of such instruments. The BRRD also provides for a Member State, after having assessed and 
exhausted the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, 
to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. 
Resolution authorities may provide public equity support to an institution and/or take the institution into 
public ownership. Such measures must be taken in accordance with the EU state aid framework and will 
require a contribution to loss absorption from shareholders and creditors via write- down, conversion or 
otherwise, in an amount equal to at least 8 % of total liabilities (including own funds). 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to be 
provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities 
provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued 
liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of 
precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as 
holders of the Subordinated Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
Revisions to the BRRD framework 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of 
significant revisions to the BRRD (known as “BRRD II”) published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force on 27 June 2019. With regard to the date of application, Member 
States were required to ensure implementation into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements 
relating to the implementation of the total loss absorbency capacity standard (“TLAC”) applying from 
January 2022 while the transitional period for full compliance with MREL requirements is foreseen until 1 
January 2024, with interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022. The BRRD II has 
been transposed under Italian law, in accordance with the European Delegation Law (Law No. 53/2021) of 
22 April 2021, by the 193 Decree, which has mainly amended the provisions set out under Legislative Decree 
No. 180 of 16 November 2015, the Italian Consolidated Banking Act and the Consolidated Finance Act to 
take into account the provisions of the BRRD II. 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes, amongst other things: 
 
full implementation of the Financial Stability Board’s TLAC standard (“FSB”) in the EU and 
revisions to the existing MREL regime. Additional changes to the MREL framework that include 
changes to the calculation methodology for MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be 
considered as MREL, the introduction of internal MREL and additional reporting and disclosure 
requirements on institutions; 
 
the introduction of a new category of “top-tier” banks, being banks which are resolution entities that 
are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed Euro 100 billion;

--- Page 214 ---
- 214 - 
 
 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and  
 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. 
In particular, with a view to ensuring full implementation of the TLAC standard in the EU, the EU Banking 
Reform Package and the BRRD II introduce MREL applicable to G-SIIs with the TLAC standard and to 
allow resolution authorities, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs comply with a 
supplementary MREL requirement strictly linked to the resolvability analysis of a given G-SII. Neither the 
Bank nor any member of BMPS has been identified as a G-SIB in the 2022 list of global systemically 
important banks published by the FSB on 21 November 2022. 
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, the 
BRRD II provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its MREL 
requirements, the resultant shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would otherwise be 
counted towards meeting the combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain circumstances, 
BRRD II envisages a nine-month grace period before restrictions to discretionary payments to the holders 
of regulatory capital instruments senior management of the bank and employees take effect due to a breach 
of the combined capital buffer requirement. 
On 20 May 2020, the SRB published a non-binding policy named “Minimum Requirements for Own Funds 
and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) Policy under the Banking Package”, aiming at helping to ensure that MREL 
is set in the context of fully feasible and credible resolution plans for all types of banks, as well as promoting 
a level playing field across banks including subsidiaries of non-banking Union (EU) banks. The policy 
addresses the following topics: 
(a) 
calibration: the policy provides for modifications and extensions of the SRB’s approach to MREL 
calibration in accordance with the framework set out by the EU Banking Reform Package; 
(b) 
subordination for resolution entities: the policy sets the following subordination requirements: (i) 
Pillar 1 Banks are subject to subordination requirements composed of a non-adjustable Pillar 1 MREL 
requirement that must be met with own funds instruments and eligible liabilities that are subordinated 
to all claims arising from excluded liabilities; (ii) Pillar 1 Banks’ resolution authorities shall ensure 
that the subordinated MREL resources of Pillar 1 Banks are equal to at least 8% of total liabilities and 
own funds (TLOF); and (iii) non Pillar 1 Banks will be subject to a subordination requirement only 
upon the decision of the resolution authority to avoid a breach of the No Creditor Worse Off principle, 
following a bank-specific assessment carried out as part of resolution planning; 
(c) 
internal MREL for non-resolution entities: the policy states that the SRB will progressively expand 
the scope of non-resolution entities for which it will adopt internal MREL decisions, and it may waive 
subsidiary institutions qualifying as non-resolution entities from internal MREL at certain conditions. 
In addition, the policy defines criteria for the SRB’s possibly permitting the use of guarantees to meet 
the internal MREL within the Member State of the resolution entity; 
(d) 
MREL for cooperative groups: the policy sets out minimum conditions to authorise certain types of 
cooperative networks to use eligible liabilities of associated entities other than the resolution entity to 
comply with the external MREL, as well as minimum conditions to waive the internal MREL of the 
legal entities that are part of the cooperative network; 
(e) 
eligibility of liabilities issued under the law of a third country: the policy expands on how liabilities 
issued under the law of third countries can be considered eligible through contractual recognition; and 
(f) 
transition arrangements: the policy explains the operation of transitional periods up to the 2024 
deadline, including binding intermediate targets in 2022 and informative targets in 2023, also stating 
that transitional arrangements must be bank-specific (since they depend on the MREL tailored to that 
bank and its resolution plan, and the bank’s progress to date in raising MREL-eligible liabilities).

--- Page 215 ---
- 215 - 
 
Such “Minimum Requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) Policy under the Banking 
Package” was updated by the SRB in June 2022. The updated policy takes into account the latest and more 
significant regulatory developments, such as the end of the supervisory leverage relief measures of the ECB, 
as well as changes to the CRR agreed by the European legislators on the indirect holding of internal MREL 
and the MREL calibration for banks with multiple point-of-entry resolution strategy. 
The scope of the above policy has also expanded the coverage of entities under internal MREL and made 
the subordination policy more dynamic, taking into account evolving balance sheets prior to resolution. A 
further annex has been included to complement the SRB approach to internal MREL waiver applications in 
a new annex.  
On 15 November 2022, EBA launched a public counsultation on its draft Guidelines addressed to institutions 
and resolution authorities on resolvability testing. The Guidelines are intended to set-out a framework to 
ensure that resolvability capabilities developed to comply with the resolvability and transferability 
Guidelines are fit for the purpose and effectively maintained. In particular, the Guidelines aimed to promote 
the involvement of firms into the resolvability assessment process and increase their ownership of 
resolvability. As such, as a starting point, they propose that institutions submit a resolvability self-assessment 
annually where to set out how they will meet the resolvability capabilities and how they have gained 
assurance of their adequacy. On the basis of this self-assessment, the Guidelines are proposing that 
authorities develop multi-annual testing programme so as to gain assurance of firms’ resolvability while 
providing sufficient visibility to banks. Finally, for most complex banks, the Guideline are proposing to have 
them developed a master playbook to ensure a holistic approach to resolution planning.  
The Regulatory Treatment of NPLs 
On 20 March 2017, the ECB published the “Guidance to banks on non-performing loans”, and on 15 March 
2018 the “Addendum to ECB Guidance to banks on non-performing loans”, both addressed to credit 
institutions, as defined pursuant to article 4, paragraph 1, of the CRR. These guidance papers are addressed, 
in general, to all significant institutions subject to direct supervision in the context of the SSM, including 
their international subsidiaries. The ECB banking supervision identified in the aforementioned guidance a 
set of practices which are deemed useful to indicate the expectations of ECB in relation to banking 
supervision. The documents set out measures, processes and best practices which should be integrated in the 
treatment of NPLs by banks, for which this issue should represent a priority. The ECB expects full adherence 
by banks to these guidance papers regarding the treatment of NPLs, which is expected to take into account 
the length of time a loan has been non-performing and the extent and valuation of collateral (if any). In 
particular, the addendum issued by the ECB on March 2018 provides that, with respect to all the loans that 
will be qualified as Impaired Loans as from 2018, full coverage is expected for the unsecured portion of the 
NPL within two years and within seven years for secured portion at the latest.  
On 17 April 2019 the European Parliament and the Council has adopted Regulation (EU) 2019/630 which 
is applicable from 26 April 2019 and introduces common minimum loss coverage levels for newly originated 
loans that become non-performing. Pursuant to this regulation, where the minimum coverage requirement is 
not met, the difference between the current coverage level and the requirement should be deducted from a 
bank’s CET1 capital. Thus, the minimum coverage levels act as a “statutory prudential backstop”. The 
required coverage increases gradually depending on how long an exposure has been classified as non-
performing, being lower during the first years. In order to facilitate a smooth transition towards the new 
prudential backstop, the new rules should be applied in relation to exposures originated prior to 26 April 
2019 and exposures which were originated prior to 26 April 2019 and are modified by the institution in a 
way that increases the institution’s exposure to the obligor.  
Following the adoption of the new regulation on the Pillar 1 treatment of NPEs, on 22 August 2019 the ECB 
revised its supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of new NPEs specified in the addendum in 
order to limit the scope to NPEs arising from loans originated before 26 April 2019, which are not subject 
to Pillar 1 NPE treatment, and to align the treatment with the Pillar 1 framework with reference to: (i) the

--- Page 216 ---
- 216 - 
 
relevant prudential provisioning time frames; (ii) the progressive path to full implementation; (iii) the split 
secured exposures; and (iv) the treatment of NPEs guaranteed/insured by an official export credit agency. 
In addition, the European Commission published in December 2020 a new Action plan on tackling NPLs. 
More in detail, in order to prevent a renewed build-up of NPLs on banks’ balance sheets, the Commission 
proposed a series of actions with four main goals: (i) further develop secondary markets for distressed assets 
(in particular call for finalization of the Directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of 
collateral; establishing a data hub at European level; reviewing EBA templates to be used during the disposal 
of NPLs); (ii) reform the EU’s corporate insolvency and debt recovery legislation; (iii) support the 
establishment and cooperation of national asset management companies at EU level; and (iv) introduce 
precautionary public support measures, where needed, to ensure the continued funding of the real economy 
under the BRRD. As a result, the European Commission published on 18 October 2022 the Communication 
on the guidelines for a best-execution process for sales of non-performing loans on secondary markets. The 
main objectives of such communication are to (i) encourage good sell and buy-side processes for NPL 
transactions in EU secondary markets and, in particular, (ii) to help sellers and buyers that may have less 
experience with secondary market transactions throughout the sale process. 
In order to achieve (i) a better management of NPLs by increasing the efficiency of debt recovery procedures 
through the availability of a distinct common accelerated extrajudicial collateral enforcement procedure 
(AECE); and (ii) the development of secondary markets for NPLs in the EU's markets by harmonizing the 
regulatory regime for credit servicers and credit purchasers, the European Commision finalized and 
published on 8 December 2021, in the Official Journal of the European Union, the Directive no. 2021/2167 
on credit services and credit purchasers (“NPLs Directive”). The NPLs Directive enters into force on the 
twentieth day following that of its publication in the Official Journal (i.e. 28 December 2021) and is expected 
to be implemented by the Member States by 29 December 2023. 
The part of the Directive related to the AECE mechanism remains not adopted. 
The Securitisation Framework 
On 12 December 2017, the European Parliament adopted the Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 (“EU 
Securitisation Regulation”) which has applied from 1 January 2019. The EU Securitisation Regulation 
creates a single set of common rules for European “institutional investors” (as defined in the EU 
Securitisation Regulation) as regards (i) risk retention, (ii) due diligence, (iii) transparency, and (iv) 
underwriting criteria for loans to be comprised in securitisation pools. Such common rules replace the 
relevant existing provisions in CRR, the Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013 (the “AIFM Regulation”) and the 
Regulation (EU) No. 25/2015 (the “Solvency II Regulation”) and introduce similar rules for UCITS 
management companies as regulated by the UCITS Directive and institutions for occupational retirement 
provisions falling within the scope of Directive (EU) 2016/2341 or an investment manager or an authorised 
entity appointed by an institution for occupational retirement provisions pursuant to article 32 of Directive 
(EU) 2016/2341. Secondly, the EU Securitisation Regulation creates a European framework for simple, 
transparent and standardised securitisations (“STS-securitisations”).  
On 24 July 2020, as part of the Capital Markets Recovery Package, the European Commission presented 
amendments to review, inter alia, some regulatory constraints in order to facilitate the securitisation of 
non-performing loans (i.e. increasing the risk sensitivity for NPL securitisations by assigning different 
risk weights to senior tranche). After the approval by the European Parliament at the end of March, on 
6 April 2021, the Regulation (EU) 2021/557, which introduces amendments to the Securitisation 
Regulation and Regulation (EU) 2021/558, amending Regulation (EU) 2013/575 as regards adjustments 
to the securitisation framework to support the economy recovery in response to COVID-19 crisis were 
published on the Official Gazette of the European Union. Both Regulations entered into force on 9 April 
2021In addition, on 14 May 2021, the ECB announced its decision to start ensuring that the banks it directly 
supervises comply with the requirements for risk retention, transparency and resecuritisation, which are 
envisaged in Articles 6 to 8 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. The decision follows some clarifications to

--- Page 217 ---
- 217 - 
 
the recent amendments to the EU Securitisation Regulation. In particular, such changes explicitly provide 
that risk retention, transparency and ban on resecuritisation requirements are of a prudential nature and, 
therefore, should be supervised by the competent prudential supervisory authorities. Consequently, such 
supervision shall be considered an ECB competence. On 1 April 2022, the ECB sets out the notification 
guidelines that significant institutions (as defined in Article 2(16) of Regulation (EU) No 468/2014) acting 
as originators or sponsors of a securitisation transaction have to follow in order to provide the ECB with 
information needed for the supervision of compliance with Articles 6 to 8 of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation. Based on the ECB “Guideline on the notification of securitisation transactions” of 21 November 
2021, the ECB notification applies to all securitisations: (a) which are in scope of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation; (b) irrespective of their nature; (c) where the originator or sponsor is a significant institution (as 
mentioned above); and (d) which are closed after 1 April 2022, or before 1 April 2022 when a significant 
event pursuant to Article 7, paragraph 1, letter g) of the EU Securitisation Regulation occurs. Such 
notification shall be made within one month from the closing date and shall contain: 
(i) 
the main information relating to the transaction (including, among others, the type of securitisation, 
the closing date, the nominal value of the securitised exposure and of the tranches issued); 
(ii) 
the information relating to the securities exposures (i.e. the type of exposures, the non-performing 
exposures and the ramp-up, if any); 
(iii) 
the information relating to the securitisation positions (including, among others, the legal/expected 
maturity date, the number of tranches and the information on the risk retention); 
(iv) 
the confirmation in writing as to the compliance with Articles 6 and 7 of the EU Securitisation 
Regulation and the relevant delegated regulations; and 
(v) 
an assessment of the internal procedures and policy set up with the aim to ensure compliance with 
Articles 6, 7 and 8 of the EU Securitisation Regulation. 
3) 
New accounting principles and the amendment of applicable accounting principles – IFRS 9, 
IFRS 15, IFRS 16 
In 2020 the following standards came into force: 
 
Amendments to References to the Change to the Conceptual Framework (EU reg. 2019/2075) 
 
Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8 – Definition of material (EU reg. 2019/2104) 
 
Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39 and IFRS 7 – Interest Rate Benchmark Reform (EU reg. 2020/34) 
 
Amendments to IFRS 3 – Business Combinations (EU reg. 2020/551) 
 
Amendments to IFRS 16 – COVID-19 Related Rent Concessions (EU reg. 2020/1434) 
 
The amendments to the accounting standard indicated above are not material for the Group. 
As of 30 September 2021, the accounting standard “Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and 
IFRS 16 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2” (EU Reg. 2021/25) applicable to reporting starting 
from 1 January 2021 has been endorsed by the European Commission. 
On July 2021, Reg. EU 2021/1080 was published. The regulation endorses the documents published by 
IASB: “Amendments to IFRS3, IAS 16, IAS 37 and Annual Improvements 2018-2020”. The proposed 
amendments are effective starting from 01 January 2022. The Early adoption is permitted, but not applied 
by the Group. On August 2021, Reg EU 2021/1421 was published; this regulation endorses the documents 
“COVID-19 Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June” and extends by one year the period of application 
of the original amendment to IFRS 16 “COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions”, issued and approved in 2020.

--- Page 218 ---
- 218 - 
 
As at 30 September 2021, the IASB issued the following standards whose applications are subject to 
completion of the endorsement process by European Union, which is still ongoing: 
 
Amendment to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 – Disclosure of accounting Policies (February 
2021) 
 
Amendment to IAS 8 – Definition of accounting Estimates (February 2021) 
 
Amendment to IAS 12 – Deferred Tax related to Asset and Liabilities arising from a Single 
Transaction (May 2021) 
For more information regarding the application of these amendments, please refer to 2020 Consolidated 
Financial Statements, Consolidated Half-yearly Report as at 30 June 2021 and Consolidated Interim Report 
as at 30 September 2021 incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
4) 
Deposit Guarantee Scheme Directive and Single Resolution Fund 
With reference to the application of: (i) Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
European Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes (“DGS”); (ii) BRRD; and (iii) Regulation 
(EU) no. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and the European Council establishing, inter alia, the SRF, 
which as of 1 January 2016 includes at national level, sub-funds to which contributions collected at national 
level by Member States through their National Resolution Fund (“NRF”) are allocated, the Bank is bound 
to provide the financial resources necessary to finance the DGS and the SRF.  
As a consequence of such introduction, the FITD, updated its by-laws through a shareholders resolution on 
26 November 2015 anticipating the introduction of the prepayment mechanism (aimed at reaching the 
aforementioned multi-annual target with the target at 2024).  
In this context, the Bank of Italy, in its capacity as national resolution authority, set up the NRF, which 
collects from banks with registered offices in the Republic of Italy, ordinary and extraordinary contributions, 
in accordance with the provisions of articles 82 and 83 of Decree 180. Articles 82 and 83 of Decree 180 were 
repealed by 193 Decree as the NFR had been pooled together with the SRF. The SRF and the NRF may in 
the future require contributions for an amount that cannot be currently determined.  
As of 30 September 2022, value adjustments for Euro 0.9 million were recognized in profit and loss 
statements. As of 31 December 2021, value adjustments for Euro 2.7 million (of which Euro 2.5 million 
referring only to the investment in Carige) were recognised. The exposure of the Group in the assets in the 
voluntary scheme, as of 30 September 2022, was fully derecognized; as of 31 december 2021 the residual 
amount of the assets in the voluntary scheme was equal to Euro 0.9 million (rounded).  
Voluntary scheme 
For the purpose of overcoming the negative position taken by the European Commission in respect of the 
use of mandatory contributions to support interventions in favour of banks in crisis, at the end of 2015, in 
the context of the FITD, the voluntary scheme was established as an additional tool not subject to the 
restrictions of the EU regime and of the European Commission. The voluntary scheme provides for a 
maximum amount of Euro 795 million to be used to support interventions in favour of small banks in 
difficulty and subject to extraordinary administration procedure, in case of concrete recovery perspectives 
and for the purpose of avoiding higher burdens for the banking system consequent to liquidation or resolution 
interventions. Such resources are not immediately paid by adhering banks, which simply undertake to 
disburse them upon request on occasion of specific interventions, up to such maximum amount. The Group 
adhered to the voluntary scheme and accordingly committed its share of the maximum amount.

--- Page 219 ---
- 219 - 
 
From 2016 to 2022, the Voluntary Scheme intervened in favour of some banks, in particular Cassa di 
Risparmio di Cesena, Cassa di Risparmio di Rimini, Cassa di Risparmio di San Miniato, Banca Carige, 
Banca Popolare di Bari and AIGIS Banca.  
5) 
Revisions to the Basel III framework 
In December 2017, the Basel Committee published its final set of amendments to its Basel III framework 
(known informally as “Basel IV”). Basel IV is expected to introduce a range of measures, including: 
 
changes to the standardised approach for the calculation of credit risk; 
 
limitations to the use of Internal Ratings-Based (“IRB”) approaches, mainly banks will be allowed to 
use the Foundation Internal Ratings Based approach and the Standardised Approach with the 
advanced Internal Ratings Based approach still to be used for specialised lending; 
 
a new framework for determining an institution’s operational risk charge, which will be calculated 
only by using a new standardised approach; 
 
an amended set of rules in relation to credit valuation adjustment; and 
 
an aggregate output capital floor that ensures that an institution’s total risk weighted assets generated 
by IRB models are no lower than 72.5 per cent. of those generated by the standardised approach. 
According to the Basel Committee, Basel IV should be introduced as a global standard from January 2022, 
with the output capital floor being phased-in (starting at 50% from 1 January 2022 and reaching 72.5% as of 
1 January 2025). In this occasion, the Basel Committee postponed the suggested implementation date for the 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book ("FRTB") has been postponed by the Basel Committee to January 
2023 to allow it to finalise the remaining elements of the framework and align the implementation date with 
the other Basel IV reforms.

--- Page 220 ---
- 220 - 
 
Taxation 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from 
the Notes.  
Republic of Italy 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made 
on a retroactive basis.  
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as 
dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Notes 
are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of 
the Notes.  
Tax treatment of Notes 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, (“Decree 239”) provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from notes falling within the category of 
bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by 
Italian banks. For this purpose, bonds and debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value and which do 
not grant the holder any direct or indirect right of participation to (or of control of) management of the issuer. 
The tax regime set forth by Decree 239 also applies to interest, premium and other income from regulatory 
capital financial instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, Italian 
banks (other than shares and assimilated instruments), as set out by Article 2, paragraph 22, of Law Decree 
No. 138 of 13 August 2011, as converted with amendments by Law No. 148 of 14 September 2011 and as 
further amended and clarified by Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013, and by Article 9 of Law Decree No. 
34 of 30 April 2019 converted into Law No. 58 of 28 June 2019.  
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected (unless he has opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime – see under 
“Capital gains tax” below); (b) a non-commercial partnership (with the exception of general partnership, 
limited partnership and similar entities); (c) a non-commercial private or public institution; or (d) an investor 
exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes, are 
subject to a final withholding tax, referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.. In 
the event that the Noteholders described under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law.

--- Page 221 ---
- 221 - 
 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes are 
deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income from the Notes will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and are 
therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the 
“status” of the Noteholder, also to the regional tax on productive activities (“IRAP”)).  
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (“Decree 351”), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, 
converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, 
payments of interest, premiums or other proceeds in respect of the Notes deposited with an authorised 
intermediary made to Italian resident real estate investment funds and Italian real estate SICAFs established 
pursuant to Article 37 of the Consolidated Finance Act or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 
January 1994 (“Real Estate Funds”), are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax 
in the hands of a Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favor of unitholders or shareholders 
will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, 
depending on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund is 
subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder regardless of distribution.  
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF (an 
investment company with fixed capital other than a real estate SICAFs) or a SICAV (an investment company 
with variable capital) established in Italy (the “Fund”) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject 
to the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, 
interest, premium and other income accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject 
to taxation on such results but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to 
distributions made in favor of unitholders or shareholders (the “Collective Investment Fund Tax”).   
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 of 
the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) (the “Pension Fund”) and the Notes are deposited 
with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes and accrued during 
the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax (the “Pension 
Fund Tax”). Subject to certain conditions, Interest in respect of the Notes may be excluded from the taxable 
base of the Pension Fund Tax pursuant to Article 1, paragraph 92, of Finance Act 2017 if the Notes are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law.  
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(“SIMs”), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), stockbrokers and other entities 
identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (each an “Intermediary”) as subsequently amended and 
integrated.  
An Intermediary must (i) (a) be resident in Italy or (b) be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident financial intermediary or (c) be an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a system 
of centralised administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian 
Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239; and (ii) 
intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the 
application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with 
or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of 
the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by 
any entity paying interest to a Noteholder (or by the Issuer should the interest be paid directly by this latter).

--- Page 222 ---
- 222 - 
 
If interest, premium and other income on the Notes are not collected through an Intermediary or any entity 
paying interest and as such no imposta sostitutiva is levied, the Italian resident beneficial owners listed above 
will be required to include interest, premium and other income in their yearly income tax return and subject 
them to a final substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident 
beneficial owner is either (a) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange 
of information with Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by 
Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017 and possibly further amended by future decrees issued pursuant to 
Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (as amended by Legislative Decree No.147 of 14 September 2015) (the 
“White List”); or (b) an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements 
which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the 
official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) an institutional investor which is established in a country which is 
included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer in its own country of 
establishment (certain types of institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of 
law).  
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. (or at the reduced rate provided for by 
the applicable double tax treaty, if any) to interest, premium and other income paid to Noteholders who are 
resident, for tax purposes, in countries not included in the White List. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected must (a) be the beneficial owners of the payments of 
interest, premium or other income; (b) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or SIM 
or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident 
entity or company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via 
computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance and (c) file with the relevant depository, prior to or 
concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until 
withdrawn or revoked, in which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable 
exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or 
entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in case 
of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must 
comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently 
amended. 
Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident Noteholders who are institutional investors. 
Failure of a non-Italian resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in 
Decree 239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on 
interests payments to such non resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-Italian resident holders of the Notes who are subject to imposta sostitutiva may, nevertheless, be eligible 
for a total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of tax 
residence of the relevant holder of the Notes, provided all conditions for its application are met. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) 
or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a withholding tax, levied 
at the rate of 26 per cent.. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value with or without

--- Page 223 ---
- 223 - 
 
the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the 
management of the issuer or the business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control 
the same.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from 
Italian withholding tax on proceeds received under Notes classifying as atypical securities (i.e. securities not 
falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) as above defined), if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes 
are connected; (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; (c) a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a foreign entity; (d) an Italian commercial partnership; or (e) an Italian commercial private or 
public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when 
the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian 
resident Noteholders, the withholding tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of 
the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including 
the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident 
individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected.  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be 
subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent.. Noteholders may set off losses 
with gains.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from 
Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption 
of the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian 
law. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described 
below.  
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Noteholders 
under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on 
all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident individual Noteholder 
holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of 
the Notes carried out during any given tax year. The relevant Noteholder must indicate the overall capital 
gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay 
imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in 
excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding 
tax years.

--- Page 224 ---
- 224 - 
 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the 
imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the risparmio 
amministrato regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the Notes being 
deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries (including permanent 
establishments in Italy of non-Italian resident intermediaries) and (b) an express election for the risparmio 
amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository is responsible 
for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the 
Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred 
capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, 
deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds 
provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or 
redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently 
realised, within the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the 
fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains 
in the annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to 
an authorised intermediary and have opted for the so-called “risparmio gestito” regime will be included in 
the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year 
end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the 
risparmio gestito regime, any decrease in value of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried 
forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the 
annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund, but subsequent 
distributions made in favor of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a 
withholding tax of 26 per cent.. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio. Such result will not be taxed with the Fund, but 
subsequent distributions in favor of unitholders of shareholders may be subject to the Collective Investment 
Fund Tax. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is a Pension Fund will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the Pension Fund Tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the Notes may 
be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth by Italian law. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated markets (and, in 
certain cases, subject to filing of required documentation) are neither subject to the imposta sostitutiva nor 
to any other Italian income tax (subject to timely filling of required documentation (in particular, a self-
declaration stating that the Noteholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes) with Italian qualified 
intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which the Notes are 
deposited). The Italian tax authorities have clarified that the notion of multilateral trading facility (MTF) 
under EU Directive 2014/65/CE (so called MiFID II) can be assimilated to that of “regulated market” for 
income tax purposes; conversely, organized trading facilities (OTF) cannot be assimilated to“regulated 
market” for Italian income tax purposes.

--- Page 225 ---
- 225 - 
 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets are not 
subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that: (i) the Notes are held outside of Italy or (ii) the effective 
beneficiary: (a) is resident in a country included in the White List; or (b) is an international entity or body 
set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a Central 
Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional 
investor which is established in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of 
taxpayer in its own country of establishment, and a proper documentation is filed (certain types of 
institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of law). In this case, if the non Italian 
Noteholders have opted for the risparmio amministrato regime or the risparmio gestito regime, exemption 
from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file in due course with the authorised 
financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet the 
requirements indicated above. 
If the conditions above are not met, capital gains realised by said non-Italian resident Noteholders from the 
sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets and held in Italy are subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent., unless a reduced rate is provided for by an applicable double 
tax treaty, if any. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital gains 
realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or 
redemption of the Notes. In this case, if the non-Italian resident Noteholders have opted for the risparmio 
amministrato regime or the risparmio gestito regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply 
upon the condition that they file in due course with the authorised financial intermediary appropriate 
documents which include, inter alia, a statement issued by the competent tax authorities of the country of 
residence of the non Italian Noteholders. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as 
subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, notes or other securities) as a 
result of death or donation are taxed as follows:  
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding Euro 1 
million for each beneficiary;  
(ii) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject 
to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the 
value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding €100,000 for each beneficiary; and  
(iii) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. 
on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
above in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. Under certain 
conditions the mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth by Italian law are exempt from inheritance taxes.

--- Page 226 ---
- 226 - 
 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to 
the following registration tax: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a 
rate of €200; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration tax only in the case of use (caso d’uso) or voluntary 
registration or explicit reference (enunciazione). 
Tax Monitoring 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 227 of 4 
August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (società 
semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 
1986) resident in Italy for tax purposes, under certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring 
purposes in their yearly income tax return the amount of investments (including the Notes) directly or 
indirectly held abroad. Such obligation is not provided if, inter alia, each of the overall value of the foreign 
investments which are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts when their aggregate value never 
exceeds a Euro 15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holders of the financial 
instruments, are the actual owners (“titolari effettivi”) of the financial instruments in accordance with Article 
1(2)(pp) and Article 20 of the Decree No. 231 of 21 November 2007. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to Notes deposited for 
management or administration with qualified Italian financial intermediaries, with respect to contracts 
entered into through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have 
been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (“Decree 201”), a proportional stamp duty 
applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries to their 
clients for the Notes deposited therewith. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. (and cannot exceed 
€14,000, for taxpayers other than individuals). This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market 
value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes held.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 
24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by 
the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012 as subsequently amended) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, 
financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory.  
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad  
Pursuant to Article 19(18 and 18-bis) of Decree 201, Italian resident individuals, Italian non-commercial 
private or public institutions or Italian non-commercial partnership holding the Notes outside the Italian 
territory are required to pay an additional wealth tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent. (“IVAFE”). For taxpayers 
other than individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no market value 
figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the 
Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes, if 
any, paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax 
due).

--- Page 227 ---
- 227 - 
 
Financial assets (including the Notes) held abroad are excluded from the scope of IVAFE if they are 
administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement and the items of 
income derived from the such instruments have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. In this case, 
the above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 19(1) of Decree 201does apply. 
Luxembourg Taxation  
The following overview is of a general nature and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained 
within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues, and prospective investors in the Notes 
should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, 
including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.  
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a 
similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax  
(i) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes.  
(ii) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, 
as amended (the “Relibi Law”), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or 
interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect 
of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes 
held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes.  
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will 
be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income 
tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying 
agent. Payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject 
to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. 
The proposed European Union financial transactions tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2014, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for 
a Directive for a common EU FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where

--- Page 228 ---
- 228 - 
 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating 
Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including the Republic of Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from 
payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments 
such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is 2 years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes 
of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional Notes (as 
described under Condition 14 (Further Issues) “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and 
are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes 
offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders 
should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes.

--- Page 229 ---
- 229 - 
 
Subscription and sale 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated 16 January 2023, 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”. The Programme Agreement provides that the obligations of the Dealers to 
subscribe for Notes may be subject to certain conditions precedent, including (among other things) receipt 
of legal opinions from counsel. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers 
for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes 
under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith.  
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state of other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act.  
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The Form of Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules 
apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (i) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche 
of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act.  
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. 
For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 230 ---
- 230 - 
 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the 
EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
that Member State:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication to persons in any form and by any means, presenting 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or

--- Page 231 ---
- 231 - 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:  
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses, where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 232 ---
- 232 - 
 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that no Notes may be offered, sold 
or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other offering material relating to the Notes 
be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any application provision of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the “Finalcial Services Act”) and Italian CONSOB regulations; or  
(ii) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, 
as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.  
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraph (i) or (ii) above must:  
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 
of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time), the Italian Consolidated Banking Act and any 
other applicable laws and regulations; and  
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including, the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Italian Consolidated Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended 
from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has 
not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than

--- Page 233 ---
- 233 - 
 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time 
(the “SFA”)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which 
is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
1. 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
2. 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
3. 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
4. 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
5. 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on 
any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the 
FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will comply, to the best of its knowledge and belief, with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuer nor any of the 
other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.

--- Page 234 ---
- 234 - 
 
None of the Issuer and any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale.

--- Page 235 ---
- 235 - 
 
General information 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes were duly authorised by a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of BMPS dated 18 November 1999 and the update of the Programme has been duly 
authorised by resolution of the Board of Directors of the Bank held on 22 June 2022.  
Listing and admission to trading of Notes  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes (other than Exempt Notes) issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the MiFID II.  
Documents Available  
For the period of 12 months following the date of publication of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available free of charge for inspection or collection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Issuer and each Paying Agent or may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following their prior written request to the relevant Paying Agent and provision of proof of 
holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be):  
(i) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of BMPS; 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement, the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, the 
Coupons and the Talons; 
(iii) 
any future Sustainability Bond Framework together with the relevant Second Party Opinion; 
(iv) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(v) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements, Final Terms 
and Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only be 
available for inspection or collection by, or delivered via email to, a holder of such Note at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the Issuer or the relevant Paying Agent, as applicable, as to its holding of Notes and identity) to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In addition, copies of the following documents will, when published, be available free of charge from the 
Issuer's website as specified below:  
(i) 
the constitutional documents of BMPS (available at https://www.gruppomps.it/en/); 
(ii) 
this Base Prospectus (available at https://www.gruppomps.it/investor-relations/programmi-di-
emissione-e-prospetti/emtn-programme.html); and 
(iii) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements, Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference (available 
at https://www.gruppomps.it/en/).

--- Page 236 ---
- 236 - 
 
Clearing Systems  
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of 
Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the Form of Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). If the Notes are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the Form of Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement.  
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.  
Condition for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant Change or Material Adverse Change  
Save as disclosed in the section “Risk Factors” section under paragraph “Risks related to the impact of 
current uncertainties in the macroeconomic, financial and political environment on the performance of the 
Issuer and the Group”, since 30 September 2022 there has been no significant change in the financial 
performance or position of the Issuer and/or the Group and since 31 December 2021 there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in the “Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A.” section, paragraph 10 (“Legal 
Proceedings”), neither BMPS nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which BMPS is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have 
or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of BMPS or the Group.  
Auditors 
On 11 April 2019, the Issuer’s shareholders meeting appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., independent 
registered public accounting firm as auditor for the financial years 2020-2028. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., independent registered public accounting firm, authorized and regulated by 
the MEF and registered on the special register of auditing firms held by the MEF and a member of Assirevi 
Associazione Italiana Revisori Contabili, the Italian Auditors Association, has audited the Issuer’s 
consolidated financial statements, without qualification, in accordance with IFRS, for the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020.  
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates, including parent companies, have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in lending, advisory, corporate finance services, investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions (including the provision of loan facilities) and other related transactions with, and may perform 
services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved 
directly or indirectly in the sector in which the Issuer and/or its affiliates operate, and for which such Dealers 
have received or may receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. 
Certain of the Dealers may also have positions, deals or make markets in the Notes issued under the

--- Page 237 ---
- 237 - 
 
Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future 
receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
MPS Capital Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A., which acts as Dealer, is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Issuer. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes (subject 
to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. If any of the Dealers or 
their affiliates has a lending relationship with the Issuer, certain of the Dealers or their affiliates routinely or 
may hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions 
which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 238 ---
- 238 - 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
Piazza Salimbeni 3 
53100 Siena 
Italy 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
as to Italian and English law 
Dentons Europe Studio Legale Tributario 
Via XX Settembre, 5 
00187 Rome 
Italy 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law 
Allen & Overy – Studio Legale Associato 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284 
00186 Rome 
Italy 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
To Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Piazza Tre Torri 2 
20145 Milan 
Italy

--- Page 239 ---
- 239 - 
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
One Molesworth Street 
51 rue la Boétie 
Dublin 2 
75008 Paris 
D02RF29 
France 
Ireland 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Citigroup Centre 
12, Place des Etats-Unis – CS 70052 
Canada Square 
92547 
Canary Wharf 
Montrouge Cedex 
London E14 5LB 
 
United Kingdom 
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
28001 Madrid 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Spain 
Germany 
 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Plumtree Court 
38, avenue Kléber 
25 Shoe Lane 
75116 Paris 
London EC4A 4AU 
France 
United Kingdom 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mediobanca Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
20121 Milan 
Germany 
Italy 
 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
MPS Capital Services Banca per le Imprese 
S.p.A. 
25 Cabot Square 
Via Leone Pancaldo, 4 
Canary Wharf 
50127 Firenze 
London E14 4QA 
Italy 
United Kingdom 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
Amsterdam 1082MD 
75009 Paris 
Netherlands 
France 
 
 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg

--- Page 240 ---
- 240 -