--- Page 1 ---
- 1 - 
 
 
OFFERING CIRCULAR 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO SOCIAL COOPERATIVO, S.A. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) in Spain) 
 
EURO 3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Under this Euro 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme" described in this 
Offering Circular (which replaces the previous Offering Circular dated 16 June 2021, in respect of the 
Programme)), Banco de Crédito Social Cooperativo, S.A. (the "Issuer" or "BCC") may from time to time issue 
notes governed by English law (the "English Law Notes") and notes governed by Spanish law (the "Spanish 
Law Notes", and together with the English Law Notes, the "Notes"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
References to the "Notes" shall be to the English Law Notes and/or the Spanish Law Notes, as appropriate.  The 
Notes may be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below) 
subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions. 
The Final Terms (as defined below) for each Tranche (as defined on page 67) of Notes will state whether the 
Notes of such Tranche are to be (a) Senior Notes or (b) Subordinated Notes and, if Senior Notes, whether such 
notes are (i) Ordinary Senior Notes or (ii) Senior Non Preferred Notes and, if Subordinated Notes, whether such 
Notes are (i) Senior Subordinated Notes or (ii) Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively "Bearer Notes" and "Registered Notes").  The 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not 
exceed Euro 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described in this Offering Circular.  
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the 
Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a 
"Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  
References in this Offering Circular to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or 
intended to be) subscribed or for which subscribers are being procured by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers 
agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks 
see "Risk Factors". 
Potential investors should note the statements on pages 177 – 182 regarding the tax treatment in Spain of income 
obtained in respect of Notes and the disclosure requirements imposed by Law 10/2014 (as defined below) on the 
Issuer.  In particular, payments on Notes may be subject to Spanish withholding tax if certain information relating 
to Notes is not received by the Issuer in a timely manner. 
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI") in its 
capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation").  The CBI only approves this Offering Circular as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the CBI should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or on another regulated market for the purposes 
of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or that are to be 
offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the "EEA") in circumstances that 
require the publication of a prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to its official list (the "Official List") and trading

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin.  References in the Offering Circular to Notes being "listed" (and all 
related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to listing on the Official List of Euronext Dublin 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or, as the case may be, a regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II. The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. This document may be used to list Notes on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin pursuant to the 
Programme.  
This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date 
in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the 
public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4), 1(5) and/or 3(2) 
of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4), 1(5) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes") of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which will be delivered to 
the CBI and, where listed, Euronext Dublin.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website 
of the Issuer (www.bcc.es). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be 
offered, sold or delivered in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, a U.S. person (as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) unless registered under the Securities Act, or pursuant 
to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. 
The Issuer was rated BB (Stable) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P Global") and BB (High) 
(Negative) by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS") on 26 November 2020. On 27 January 2022, S&P Global affirmed 
BCC's and Cajamar's ratings (assigned individually to each of them), following an update of their applicable bank 
rating methodology, and, likewise, on 23 May 2022, DBRS confirmed the rating assigned at BB (High), reviewing 
its trend from "Negative" to "Stable". Each of S&P and DBRS is established in the European Union ("EU") and 
is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, each of 
S&P and DBRS is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID II Product 
Governance Rules.

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs /IMPORTANT- EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the EEA.  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes (as described in the Conditions) may be calculated by reference to one 
of the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), the Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR"), the Sterling Overnight 
Index Average ("SONIA") or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, which are administered by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), the European Central 
Bank, the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, respectively.  As at the date of this 
Offering Circular, EMMI is included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). The European Central Bank, the Bank of England and the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York are not included in ESMA's register of administrators and benchmarks under 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, €STR, SONIA and SOFR do not fall 
within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
 
Arranger 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Dealers 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Barclays 
BofA Securities 
Deutsche Bank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Credit Suisse 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  
HSBC  
J.P. Morgan  
Natixis  
Nomura  
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
 
The date of this Offering Circular is 25 May 2022.

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular and the Final Terms for 
each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme.  To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer the information 
contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Offering Circular is to be read and construed in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), any supplement thereto that may 
be published from time to time and in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which the Offering Circular refers does not form 
part of this Offering Circular.  
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme or any responsibility accepted for any acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person in 
connection with the Offering Circular or the issue and offering of any Notes.  No Dealer accepts any liability in 
relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other document entered into in relation to the 
Programme or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
of the Dealers. 
Neither this Offering Circular, any Final Terms nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Offering Circular or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Offering Circular 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an 
offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent 
to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor 
in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any prospective investor in the Notes regarding the 
legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any prospective investor in the Notes should be able to bear 
the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Offering Circular or any Final Terms and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law 
in certain jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Offering Circular or any Final Terms 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
 
assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken 
by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this 
Offering Circular or any Final Terms in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor any Final Terms nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose 
possession this Offering Circular, any Final Terms or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offering and sale of Notes.  In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes in the 
United States, the UK, the EEA, Spain, Japan, Belgium, Singapore and Switzerland, see "Subscription and Sale". 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE), AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of 
the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")" 
which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the SFA. 
The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered 
for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the applicable Final Terms will constitute notice 
to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
The financial information in this Offering Circular relating to the Issuer has been derived from the audited 
consolidated annual accounts of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 
(together, the "Annual Accounts"). 
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Offering Circular to any specific year are 
to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Annual Accounts have been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board ("IASB") as adopted by the EU, considering the Bank of Spain's Circular 4/2017, of 27 
November (as amended), and any other legislation governing financial reporting applicable to the GCC Group (as 
defined in "Description of the Issuer and the GCC Group"). 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Offering Circular will have the 
meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this Offering Circular.  
In this Offering Circular, all references to: 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
Sterling, GBP and £ refer to pounds sterling; and 
Euro, euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Offering Circular have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown 
as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The language of this Offering Circular is English.  Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Offering Circular (and the information incorporated by reference therein) may include statements with 
respect to future events, trends, plans, expectations or objectives and other forward-looking statements relating to 
the GCC Group's future business, financial condition, results of operations, performance, and strategy. Forward-
looking statements are not statements of historical fact and may contain the terms "may", "will", "should", 
"continue", "aims", "estimates", "projects", "believes", "intends", "expects", "plans", "seeks" or "anticipates", or 
words of similar meaning. Such statements are based on Management's current views and assumptions and, by 
nature, involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties; therefore, undue reliance should not be placed on 
them. Actual financial condition, results of operations, performance or events may differ materially from those 
expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements, due to a number of factors including, without limitation, 
general economic and political conditions and competitive situation; future financial market performance and 
conditions, including fluctuations in exchange and interest rates; frequency and severity of insured loss events, 
and increases in loss expenses; mortality and morbidity levels and trends; persistency levels; changes in laws, 
regulations and standards; the impact of acquisitions and disposal, including related integration issues, and 
reorganisation measures; and general competitive factors, in each case on a local, regional, national and/or global 
basis. Many of these factors may be more likely to occur, or more pronounced, as a result of catastrophic events, 
including weather-related catastrophic events, pandemics events or terrorist-related incidents. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential investor may wish 
to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering 
Circular or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................. 9 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 14 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 49 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................................... 50 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................................. 53 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 67 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 133 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GCC GROUP ........................................................................... 134 
CAPITAL AND ELIGIBLE LIABILITIES REQUIREMENTS ....................................................................... 168 
LOSS ABSORBING POWERS BY THE RELEVANT RESOLUTION AUTHORITY UNDER LAW 11/2015 
AND THE SRM REGULATION ....................................................................................................................... 175 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................................... 177 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 183 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 188

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms.  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued 
in a form other than that contemplated in the Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes, and if appropriate, 
a new Offering Circular or a supplement to the Offering Circular, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1)(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (as amended, the "Delegated Regulation"). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the 
same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Banco de Crédito Social Cooperativo, S.A. 
LEI Code: 
95980020140005881190. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme.  All of 
these are set out under "Risk Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC Continental Europe  
J.P. Morgan SE 
Natixis 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Société Générale  
UBS Europe SE 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch  
Programme Size: 
Up to Euro 3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) in

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
 
aggregate nominal amount of all Notes outstanding at any time.  
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed subject to the restrictions set out under 
"Subscription and Sale", and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars and any other 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to a minimum maturity 
of twelve months and to such other minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
described in "Form of the Notes".  Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.  Fixed Reset Notes may also be issued. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as amended and supplemented as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms)) as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or, 
if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, the latest version of the ISDA 2021 Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined 
therein) (and any successor thereto), each as published by 
ISDA 
(or 
any 
successor) 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.isda.org), as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms); or 
 
(b) on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer and an 
Independent Adviser may, subject to certain conditions, in 
accordance with Condition 6.4 and without any separate consent 
or approval of the Noteholders, determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any, and any Benchmark Amendments. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than in specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons, 
or following an Event of Default and, in the case of Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, following a Capital Event or, in the case of 
Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL 
requirements ("MREL Eligible Ordinary Senior Notes"), 
Senior Non Preferred Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes, an 
Eligible Liabilities Event) or that such Notes will be redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer (including, without limitation, pursuant 
to Condition 8.6 (Clean-Up Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer)) and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and 
on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.   
 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, Senior Subordinated Notes (together, 
"Subordinated Notes"), Senior Non Preferred Notes and MREL 
Eligible Ordinary Senior Notes may not be redeemed prior to their 
original maturity other than in compliance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) 
then in force and with the permission of the Competent Authority 
and/or Relevant Resolution Authority (as these terms are defined 
in the Conditions of the Notes), if and as applicable (if such 
permission is required).  See Condition 8 (Redemption and 
Purchase). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be at least €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency) in the case of Notes to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. 
Substitution and Variation: 
If a Capital Event, an Eligible Liabilities Event or a Tax Event 
occurs and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not 
some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some 
only) of the Notes (including changing the governing law of the 
Notes from English law to Spanish law), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they are 
substituted for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying Notes. 
See Condition 20 (Substitution and Variation). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction (as

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
 
defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)), unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will, save in 
certain limited circumstances or exceptions (as set out in 
Condition 9 (Taxation) of the Conditions of the Notes) be required 
to pay such additional amounts in respect of interest as will result 
in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts in respect of such 
interest, as would have otherwise been receivable by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required.  No additional 
amounts shall be paid in respect of principal (or any premium). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Ordinary Senior Notes will contain a cross 
default provision as further described in Condition 11 (Events of 
Default) if indicated as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
The terms of the Senior Non Preferred Notes and Subordinated 
Notes will not contain a cross default provision. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be either Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes and, in 
the case of Senior Notes, Ordinary Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, and in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior 
Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and will all rank 
as more fully described in Condition 3 (Status of the Senior Notes 
and Subordinated Notes). 
Rating: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme.  A security 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
This Offering Circular has been approved by the CBI as 
competent 
authority 
under 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation.  
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. No 
unlisted Notes may be issued under the Programme. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to the Series. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state on which stock exchanges 
and/or markets the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted 
to trading. 
Governing Law: 
The Conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with either, English law 
or Spanish law as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
case of Notes governed by English law, the provisions of 
Conditions 3 and 14 (and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them) will be governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, Spanish law. The Notes will be 
issued in accordance with the formalities prescribed by Spanish 
company law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the UK, the EEA, Spain, Japan, Belgium, 
Singapore and Switzerland and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C / TEFRA D / TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a 
position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in any Note 
issued under the Programme, but the non-payment by the Issuer of any interest, principal or other amounts on or 
in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding the Notes are exhaustive. Only risks which are specific to the Issuer and the 
GCC Group or to the Notes are included herein as required by the Prospectus Regulation. Additional risks and 
uncertainties relating to the Issuer or the GCC Group that are not currently known to the Issuer or that it currently 
deems immaterial or that apply generally to the banking industry for which reason have not been included herein, 
may individually or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of 
operations and/or financial position of the Issuer or the GCC and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the 
Notes may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment. Prospective investors should also read 
the detailed information set out elsewhere in, or incorporated by reference into, this Offering Circular and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. Prospective investors should consider carefully whether 
an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Offering Circular and their 
personal circumstances. If potential investors are in doubt about the contents of this Offering Circular, then they 
should consult with an appropriate professional adviser to make their own legal, tax, accounting and financial 
evaluation of the merits and risk of investment in any Notes issued under the Programme. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Offering 
Circular have the same meanings in this "Risk Factors" section.  
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The risk factors that are considered specific and relevant to BCC and the group of Spanish financial institutions 
(credit cooperatives (cajas rurales)) (the "Members") which together carry out their activities as a cooperative 
group known as Grupo Cooperativo Cajamar (the "GCC Group" or the "Group") are listed below. The 
materialisation of these risks could have a negative effect on the financial position and business operations of the 
Group. Also, uncertain or unknown risks to the Issuer at this time, might also have negative effects on the Group. 
Risks corresponding to Macroeconomic Events 
1. 
Unfavourable global economic conditions and any deterioration in the Spanish or general European 
financial systems may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects of BCC and of the GCC Group 
The most relevant events that have been identified within the macroeconomic risks that could affect the financial 
condition of the Group are basically: (1) the global COVID-19 pandemic, (2) the uncertainties of the geopolitical 
turmoil, (3) the climate change risk and (4) any other force majeure events. 
(a) 
COVID-19 
After the recession experienced in 2020 (gross domestic product ("GDP") variation of -9.1% compared to 20191) 
due to the public health crisis (COVID-19), the Spanish economy started to recover in 2021 with an annual GDP 
rise of 5.2%2 and employment and activity metrics achieving pre-pandemic levels, thanks, among others, to the 
withdrawal of the COVID-19 restrictions imposed to mitigate the impact of the pandemic and the rapid 
vaccination process. 
Despite the reduction of the sanitary risk in the past year, the population could face again an aggravation of the 
epidemiological situation due to new COVID-19 variants or the inefficiency of vaccination after a lapse of time, 
that could make it necessary to implement new mobility restriction that may affect the most vulnerable sectors, 
 
1  
Spanish Statistical Office: https://www.ine.es/daco/daco42/daco4214/cntr0420a.pdf 
2  
Advanced 
figures 
of 
the 
Spanish 
Statistical 
Office: 
https://www.ine.es/dyngs/INEbase/en/operacion.htm?c=Estadistica_C&cid=1254736164439&menu=ultiDa
tos&idp=1254735576581

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
 
such as tourism. The Spanish Government put in place several Royal Decree-Laws in the first quarter of 2020 on 
urgent extraordinary measures to mitigate the impact of the pandemic on the economy, such as the legal and 
sectorial moratoria and loans guaranteed by the Spanish Official Credit Institute ("ICO"). These loans were 
provided in order to help protect jobs and alleviate the economic effects of the health crisis to self-employed, 
small and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs") and corporates. These ICO lines have been re-structured a few 
times: (i) in November 2020, these lines were extended from an initial maturity of five years to eight years, 
including twenty-four months of the amortisation grace period (compared to the initial twelve months) and 
around 43% of the total number of loans in Spain requested this extension3; (ii) in November 2021, a new 
extension of the loans' maturities from two to five years (not exceeding a total term of eight to ten years, depending 
on the type of business) was approved, and an extension of the grace period was agreed on a voluntary and bilateral 
basis between the financial entity and the client.  
As of 31 December 2021, out of the €1,011 million of moratoria granted, 99.5% had already expired, which means 
that €5 million were outstanding, of which 93% was performing (with 27.7% in Stage 2 according to IFRS9 
classification). Regarding ICO loans, the GCC Group had €1,761 million as of 31 December 2021, mainly 
concentrated in non-financial entities, 15.3% of them classified as Stage 2 and 3.5% as Stage 3 according to IFRS9 
classification. 
In this way, the GCC Group could be exposed to the risk of inability of the borrowers to comply with their 
obligations on time and the risk of inaccurate credit estimations when monitoring the former exposures and 
elaborating its financial projections, budgets and targets. 
Further, while various EU-level initiatives are expected to aid the economy recovery, in particular the financial 
support linked to the Next Generation EU Program ("NGEU"), there are risks as to the capacity of the Spanish 
economy to manage the NGEU funds and translate this support into productive investment.  
In addition, the Spanish economy is particularity sensitive to economic conditions in the Eurozone, the main 
export market for Spanish goods and services. While there was some recovery in 2021, such recovery may not 
continue, given that the pandemic remains dynamic and the uncertainty around new COVID-19 variants. In 
addition, certain adverse consequences of the pandemic continue to impact the macroeconomic environment and 
may persist for some time, including labour shortages and disruptions of global supply chains, that are contributing 
to rising inflationary pressures. Although, the Governments and regulatory authorities, including central banks, 
acted, and may further act, to provide relief from the economic and market disruptions resulting from the COVID-
19 pandemic, including providing fiscal and monetary stimuli to support the global economy, lowering federal 
funds rates and interest rates, and granting partial or total deferral (grace period) of principal and/or interest 
payments due on loans; however, those measures may not prove successful. 
If new COVID-19 waves force countries to re-adopt measures that restrict economic activity, the macroeconomic 
environment could deteriorate and adversely impact the business and results of operations of the GCC Group, 
which could include, but is not limited to (i) a continued decreased demand for its products and services; 
(ii) protracted periods of lower interest rates and resulting pressure on its margins; (iii) further material impairment 
of its loans and other assets; (iv) decline in value of collateral; (v) constraints on its liquidity due to market 
conditions, exchange rates and customer withdrawal of deposits and continued draws on lines of credit; and (vi) 
downgrades to its credit ratings. 
Furthermore, it is unclear how the macroeconomic business environment or societal norms may be impacted after 
the pandemic. The post-COVID-19 environment may undergo unexpected developments or changes in the 
financial markets, fiscal, tax and regulatory environments as well as customer and corporate client behaviour 
which could have an adverse impact on the business of the GCC Group.  
(b) 
Geopolitical and macroeconomic environment 
Currently, global economy is conditioned by the evolution of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine that started 
in the beginning of the year, as it is having an impact on energy prices and commodities, and it is heavily 
pressuring supply chains. The rise of energy prices worsens the inflationary situation, that was already present in 
Spain and other developed countries, that could push central banks to raise interest rates before expected. 
Regardless the economic situation, the inflationary environment, the pressure on supply chains and the labour 
shortages, among others, could persist over time. 
 
3  
https://www.ico.es/web/guest/newsletter-ico-febrero-2022-articulo-avales

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
 
In respect to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, Spain has a low direct risk compared to other European 
countries (for example, exports to Russia were 0.7% of total exports in 2021 and around 9% of Spain's oil, gas 
and coal come from Russia4). In particular, the credit and counterparty risk exposure to Russia, Ukraine and 
Belarus of the GCC Group, is €11.3 million of exposure (mainly mortgages), of which more than 98% is 
collateralised. Therefore, the risk comes from the indirect effect of higher energy prices that affect the economy 
by originating a heavy inflation environment and from the supply chain disruption. The GCC Group has already 
implemented a few measures in order to monitor, identify and mitigate any possible deterioration coming from its 
exposures with Russian counterparties, reclassifying into Stage 2 according to IFRS9 classification a total of €7.7 
million of these exposures, plus €1.5 million that were already in this bucket. 
The forecasts made before the end of 2021 by various public agencies for the coming years indicated that activity 
may experience a notable dynamism between mid-2022 and early 2023, before moderating somewhat thereafter. 
In April 2022, the Bank of Spain updated its macroeconomic forecasts for Spain for the periods 2022- 2024, 
forecasting a GDP growth up to 4.5% in 2022, 2.9% in 2023 (worsening the first two years from those presented 
in December 2021 which were 5.4% and 3.9% respectively) and, additionally, forecasting a 2.5% GDP growth 
for 20245. Nevertheless, these figures may be updated due to the latest events.  
The deterioration that the economy may experience can affect the cost and availability of wholesale funding for 
Spanish and European banks, including BCC and the GCC Group, and on its business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. Particularly, the GCC Group could see an impact on its business as a result of the 
increase in commodities' prices or supply, transportation and production costs as a consequence of the rise in 
energy prices. This could be translated into higher prices for the final customer, putting more pressure on 
household's income. 
(c) 
Risks relating to climate change 
The GCC Group is exposed to climate change through macroeconomic and microeconomic transmission channels. 
In particular, climate change could imply the following risks that could adversely affect the GCC Group: 
(i) physical risks related to extreme weather conditions and longer-term trends, that could affect asset valuations 
and the creditworthiness of its customers; (ii) transition risks related to the reduction of CO2 emissions objective, 
that can lead to a technological development, changes on regulation and consumer/investor sentiment; and 
(iii) liability risks related to those who seek responsibility from entities, regulators or lenders, to compensate the 
losses they have experienced as a consequence of climate change. 
All the former, could materialise, among others, in the following financial risks which could have an adverse 
effect on the business and financial performance of the GCC Group: 
(i) Credit Risks: the physical climate change that could lead to increased credit exposure and companies 
with business models not aligned with the transition to a low-carbon economy could have a higher risk 
of reduced corporate earnings and business disruption due to new regulations or market shifts;  
(ii) Market Risks: market changes in the most carbon-intensive sectors could affect energy and commodity 
prices, corporate bonds, equities and certain derivatives contracts. Increased frequency of extreme 
weather events could affect macroeconomic conditions, undermining fundamental factors such as 
economic growth, employment and inflation;  
(iii) Operational and Regulatory Risks: severe weather events could directly affect business continuity and 
operations both of customers and the GCC Group. There is increased regulation around climate change, 
environmental, social and governance ("ESG") objectives and sustainability and several new regulatory 
initiatives with an uncertain impact and could entail incurring in greater costs to comply with these new 
regulations; and  
(iv) Reputational Risks: the GCC Group's reputation and client relationships could be damaged as a result of 
its practices and decisions related to climate change and the environment, or to the practices or 
 
4  
S&P Research Update 
5https://www.bde.es/f/webbde/SES/Secciones/Publicaciones/InformesBoletinesRevistas/BoletinEconomico/22/T
1/Fich/be2201-it-Rec1.pdf

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
 
involvement of its clients, in certain industries or projects associated with causing or exacerbating climate 
change. 
(d) 
Risks relating to force majeure  
The GCC Group's financial and operating performance may be adversely affected by force majeure events, such 
as natural disasters, particularly in locations where a significant portion of its loan portfolio is composed of real 
estate loans. Natural disasters such as earthquakes, floods and extreme climate events may cause widespread 
damage which could impair the asset quality of its loan portfolio and its collateral and could have an adverse 
impact on the economy of the affected region. The southeast coast of Spain (including Almería and Murcia, where 
the GCC Group has a particularly strong presence) is exposed to seismic risk. 
Pandemics can also affect the GCC Group's performance, such as the COVID-19 health crisis that heavily shocked 
the world beginning in 2020.  
Risk Factors related to Issuer's financial activity 
2. 
The GCC Group's business is significantly affected by credit and counterparty risk 
The GCC Group is exposed to the creditworthiness of its customers and counterparties.  
The GCC Group is exposed to risks faced by other financial institutions. The GCC Group routinely transacts with 
counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment 
banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional clients. Defaults by, and even rumours or questions about 
the solvency of, certain financial institutions and the financial services industry generally have led to market-wide 
liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by other institutions. These liquidity concerns have had, 
and may continue to have, a chilling effect on inter-institutional financial transactions in general. Many of the 
routine transactions the GCC Group enters into, expose it to significant credit risk in the event of default by one 
of the GCC Group's significant counterparties. 
Despite the risk control measures it has in place, a default by a significant financial counterparty, or liquidity 
problems in the financial services industry in general, could have a material adverse effect on the GCC Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Although the GCC Group regularly reviews its 
exposure to its clients and other counterparties, as well as its exposure to certain economic sectors and regions 
that the GCC Group believes to be particularly critical, payment defaults may arise from events and circumstances 
that are unforeseeable or difficult to predict or detect.  
Gross loans and advances to customers were €35,094 million as of 31 December 2021, increasing by 4% from 31 
December 2020. The GCC Group caters to a range of different customers. Two of the business segments on which 
it focuses are retail loans for home purchases and SMEs. As of 31 December 2021, retail loans for house purchases 
(most of them mortgage loans) accounted for 32.65% of the loan portfolio of the Group (32.90% as of 31 
December 2020). SMEs in Spain (comprising the small businesses, agri-food retail and SMEs items of the 
consolidated credit portfolio) represented 29.62% of the GCC Group's total loan portfolio as of 31 December 2021 
compared to 30.73% as of 31 December 2020. See "Description of the Issuer and the GCC Group — Business 
activities of the Issuer and the GCC Group — Lending Activities". SMEs are particularly sensitive to adverse 
developments in the economy, rendering the GCC Group's lending activities relatively riskier than if it lent 
primarily to higher-income customers. 
The level of the GCC Group's non-performing loans during the year decreased from €1,658 million as of 
December 2020 to €1,312 million as of December 2021, implying a non-performing loan ("NPL") ratio as of 31 
December 2021 of 3.6%, compared to 4.8% as of 31 December 2020. The reduction of NPLs could slow down as 
a consequence of the economic downturn that could take place in Spain in the following years due to the COVID-
19 crisis, the inflationary environment, particularly the increase of energy prices, and the geopolitical turmoil. See 
"Unfavourable global economic conditions and, in particular, in Spain or any deterioration in the Spanish or 
general European financial systems, may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects of BCC and the GCC Group" above. 
In addition, if economic growth further weakens, the unemployment rate increases, or interest rates increase 
sharply (which is expected in the short-term due to the inflationary environment as a consequence of the increase 
of gas and energy prices, and supplies like food, fertilisers, semiconductors or commodities), the creditworthiness 
of the GCC Group's customers may deteriorate. See "Unfavourable global economic conditions and, in particular,

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
 
in Spain or any deterioration in the Spanish or general European financial systems, may have a material adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of BCC and the GCC Group" above. 
A weakening in customer and counterparties creditworthiness could impact the GCC Group's capital adequacy.  
In addition, collateral and security provided to the GCC Group may be insufficient to cover the exposure or others' 
obligations to the GCC Group. As of 31 December 2021, gross loans coverage amounted to €935 million 
compared to €977 million as of 31 December 2020, implying a NPL Coverage Ratio of 71.3% (increasing by 
12.36% year-on-year). Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Members' borrowers and counterparties could 
affect the recoverability and value of their respective assets and require an increase in provisions for bad and 
doubtful debts and other provisions.  
3. 
Liquidity risk is inherent in the GCC Group's operations, particularly in the inter-bank and debt 
markets and could materially adversely affect the GCC Group's liquidity position and credit volume 
Liquidity is essential to any banking business. Liquidity risk comprises uncertainties in relation to the GCC 
Group's ability, under adverse conditions, to access the necessary funding in order to continue its loan credit 
activity, cover its obligations to customers, meet the maturity of its liabilities and to satisfy capital requirements. 
It includes both the risk of unexpected increases in the cost of financing and the risk of not being able to structure 
the maturity dates of the GCC Group's liabilities reasonably in line with its assets, as well as the risk of not being 
able to meet its payment obligations on time at a reasonable price due to liquidity pressures and lower credit 
ratings. 
The GCC Group's main source of liquidity and funding is its customer deposit base, the European Central Bank 
("ECB") funding, as well as on-going access to wholesale financial markets, including senior unsecured bonds, 
loans and credit facilities from other credit institutions. Since the GCC Group relies on demand deposits 
(comprised mainly of current and savings accounts) and term deposits (mostly fixed-term deposits) for a material 
portion of its funding (accounting for 70.5% of the GCC Group's liabilities as of 31 December 2021 and 70.2% 
of the GCC Group's liabilities as of 31 December 2020), it cannot provide any assurance that, in the event that its 
depositors withdraw their funds at a rate faster than the rate at which borrowers repay their loans, or in the event 
of a sudden or unexpected shortage of funds in the banking systems or money markets in which the GCC Group 
operates, or a loss of confidence (including as a result of political or social tensions in the regions where it operates 
or political initiatives, including bail-in and/or confiscation and/or taxation of creditors' funds), the GCC Group 
will be able to maintain its current levels of funding without incurring higher funding costs or having to liquidate 
certain of its assets. This may result in an adverse effect on the GCC Group's liquidity, business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
As of 31 December 2021, the GCC Group had €750 million covered bonds that matured in January 2022 and €500 
million covered bonds maturing in June 2023 (figures net of retained amounts). The GCC Group has as well, 
€48.6 million subordinated debt maturing in in June 2027 (with call date in June 2022), €600 million subordinated 
debt maturing on 27 November 2031 (with a 6-month call period starting on 27 May 2026 and ending on 27 
November 2026 (both dates included)), and €500 million senior preferred debt maturing on 9 March 2028 (with 
a call date on 9 March 2027). There can be no assurance that the GCC Group will be able to refinance this 
indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, however, and any failure to achieve its refinancing 
strategy would have a material adverse effect on the GCC Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. In particular, should the Issuer not be able to refinance any outstanding Tier 2 
subordinated notes or senior preferred notes, this could have an adverse effect on the GCC Group's Solvency and 
MREL ratios. 
Regarding the use of ECB refinancing facilities, the GCC Group used the financing provided by the ECB through 
its different modalities of the Long-Term Refinancing Operations ("LTRO") and Targeted Long Term 
Refinancing Operations ("TLTRO").  
On 10 December 2020, the ECB announced new measures regarding the TLTRO3. It extended again the period 
in which to apply the remuneration of -1.0% up to June 2022 (set, in its April 2020 meeting, at -1.0% from 
June 2020 to June 2021, provided that the lending threshold of 0% was met), also increasing the borrowing 
allowance from 50% (established in April 2020) to 55% of eligible loans. Thanks to the new increased 55% limit 
of eligible loans, the GCC Group had the capability to take additional €949 million, which were taken in 
March's 2021 auction, totalling €10,431 million as of December 2021, representing 18.7% of the GCC Group's 
total liabilities (18.8% as of 31 December 2020). The use of ECB's facilities will be with the aim of optimising 
resources, reducing funding costs and maximising financial margins. If the value of the GCC Group's eligible

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
 
assets decline, then the amount of funding it can obtain from the ECB or other central banks will be 
correspondingly reduced, which could have a material adverse effect on the GCC Group's liquidity. If these 
facilities and similar expansionary economic policies were to be modified, withdrawn or ceased, there could be 
no assurance that the GCC Group would be able to continue to maintain its current levels of funding without 
incurring higher funding costs or having to liquidate certain of its assets, potentially at significant discounts to 
book value, to meet its obligations, with a corresponding negative impact on capital. 
The GCC Group will be exposed to a reduction of the available liquidity, due to the withdrawal of ECB's flexibility 
measures regarding assets valuation. On 24 March 2022, the ECB announced a tightening of the haircuts applied 
to the valuation of encumbered assets. In 2020, the ECB had reduced up to 20% haircuts applied to the market 
value of encumbered assets, with the aim to support entities by allowing them to have enough collateral in the 
context of the pandemic. From 8 July 2022, ECB will partially revert this measure by increasing the haircut 
from 20% to 10%. Also, encumbered assets admission requirements will tighten. From April 2020, assets with a 
rating of BB have been allowed, but before that the rating was up to BBB-. From 8 July 2022, assets will require 
to have a rating of BBB- or above. Additionally, the ECB announces that in June 2023, the 10% haircut will no 
longer apply, and a new haircut system will enter into force. In March 2024 the rest of flexibility measures 
regarding the admissibility criteria for certain collateral assets will be removed. 
The GCC Group is exposed to the general risk of liquidity shortfalls and cannot ensure that the procedures in 
place to manage such risks will be adequate to mitigate liquidity risk. 
As of 31 December 2021, the GCC Group had an LCR and NSFR of 206.05% and 138.12% respectively.  
4. 
Risk factor of the Issuer's Credit Ratings 
Any reduction in BCC's credit rating could increase its cost of funding, adversely affect its interest margins and 
make its ability to raise new funds or renew maturing debt more difficult. 
Any long-term debt rating is based on a number of factors, including its financial strength as well as conditions 
affecting the financial services industry generally. 
As at date of this Offering Circular, the ratings assigned to Cajamar and BCC by S&P Global and DBRS are as 
follows: 
Agency 
Long term 
Short term 
Outlook 
Date 
S&P 
BB 
B 
Stable 
27-Jan-2022 
DBRS 
BB (High) 
R-3 
Stable 
23-May-2022 
There can be no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain the current ratings or outlooks. In general, the 
future evolution of the BCC credit ratings is linked, to a large extent, to the macroeconomic outlook, geopolitical 
turbulences and to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the asset quality, profitability and capital of BCC.  
Any actual or anticipated decline in BCC's credit rating may increase its finance cost and decrease its ability to 
finance itself in the capital and money markets, interbank markets, through wholesale deposits or otherwise, harm 
its reputation, require BCC to replace funding lost due to the downgrade, which may include the loss of customer 
deposits, and make third parties less willing to transact business with BCC or the GCC Group or otherwise 
materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, any decline in 
BCC's credit rating could breach certain agreements or trigger additional obligations under such agreements, such 
as a requirement to post additional collateral, which could materially adversely affect the Issuer and the GCC 
Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Since BCC is a Spanish entity with substantial operations in Spain, its credit ratings may also be adversely affected 
by the assessment by rating agencies of the creditworthiness of Spain. As a consequence, any downgrade in the 
credit rating of Spain or increasing concerns about its ability to make payments on its sovereign debt could lead 
to an increase in BCC's borrowing costs, limit its access to capital markets and adversely affect the sale or 
marketing of its products, its participation in business transactions and its ability to retain customers, which could 
adversely affect its liquidity and have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. In the case of Italy, BCC has exposure to Italian sovereign debt, therefore BCC's creditworthiness may 
also be affected by a decline of Italy's sovereign credit ratings.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
 
The cyclical nature of the real estate industry may adversely affect the GCC Group's operations 
The GCC Group is exposed to market fluctuations in the price of real estate in various ways. Loans for home 
purchase are one of the GCC Group's main assets and represented 32.7% of its total gross loan portfolio (including 
customer loans and advances, contingent liabilities, undrawn balances drawable by third parties (with the 
exception of developer loans which exclude amounts drawable due to subrogations), non-performing and written-
off assets and loans securitised and derecognised; not including impairment charges) as of 31 December 2021. 
Loans to property developers and construction companies to build properties for sale comprised 2% of the total 
gross loan portfolio as of 31 December 2021. Higher interest rates and unemployment rates coupled with declining 
real estate prices, could have a material adverse impact on the GCC Group's mortgage payment delinquency rates, 
which in turn could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The decline in property prices decreases the value of the real estate securing the GCC Group's mortgage loans and 
adversely affects the credit quality of property developers to whom the GCC Group has lent. Furthermore, under 
certain circumstances, the GCC Group takes title to the real estate assets securing a mortgage loan, either in 
connection with the surrender of the assets in settlement of the debt or the purchase of the assets or pursuant to 
legal proceedings to repossess the assets. Therefore, failure of the real estate market to recover or declining real 
estate prices could have a material adverse effect on the GCC Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
A decrease in real estate prices, could have a material impact on the GCC Group's ratio of non-performing 
mortgage loans, which could increase the GCC Group's real estate risk and have an adverse effect on the GCC 
Group's business, financial position and operating results.  
There is also the risk that the value at which the GCC Group appraises existing real estate assets (and any others 
that may be included in the future as a result of the GCC Group's activity) recorded on its balance sheet may not 
match their realisable value if they were sold, given the difficulties of making valuations in a market as illiquid as 
the current Spanish real estate market.  
The GCC Group has a high exposure to foreclosed assets totalling €1,868 million gross as of 31 December 2021 
(€799 million in net terms), which increases to €2,103 million gross (€922 million net) including real estate 
investments, which implies having one of the highest non-performing assets ratio of the Spanish financial sector 
(8.49%). 
The deterioration of the current economic situation could affect collateral market prices as well as those of 
foreclosed assets, potentially slowing down the pace of reduction of non-performing assets ("NPAs") and/or 
requiring the GCC Group to increase the volume of non-performing assets provisions. 
5. 
Market risks associated with fluctuations in bond and equity prices, interest rates, exchange rates and 
other market factors could potentially affect the GCC Group's business. Protracted market declines 
can reduce liquidity in the markets, complicating the assets sale and materializing losses. 
The GCC Group identifies as a market risk the loss of value of a portfolio caused by unfavourable movements in 
market rates or prices as a result of interest rates, exchange rates, credit spreads and prices fluctuations in the 
markets where these assets and liabilities are traded. The COVID-19 pandemic and, more recently, the conflict 
between Russia and Ukraine, are causing a heavy volatility in the markets leading to a higher market risk. See 
"Unfavourable global economic conditions and, in particular, in Spain or any deterioration in the Spanish or 
general European financial systems, may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects of BCC and the GCC Group" above. 
The GCC Group may have exposure to market risk in respect of securities in its portfolios. The GCC Group may 
have exposure to risk in respect of securities in it its long-term investment portfolio or may engage in securities 
or currency trading in the future. The performance of financial markets could cause changes in the value of any 
such GCC Group's investment and trading portfolios and may have an adverse effect on the GCC Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
As of 31 December 2021, the GCC Group had financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
amounting to €570 million, of which €439 million was debt securities (mostly sovereign debt with a term below 
one year) and €131 million was equity instruments. In addition, the GCC Group had, at the same date, non-trading 
financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit and loss amounting to €463 million, of which €109 million 
was debt securities.

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
 
The GCC Group is exposed to sovereign debt risk. Apart from the aforementioned portfolios, the GCC Group 
has €14,599 million debt securities at amortised cost as of 31 December 2021, of which €14,122 million 
correspond to public administrations (mostly Italian and Spanish government bonds), with a duration of 15 years 
(down to 3 years duration if hedges are considered). Any decline in Spain's or Italy's credit ratings, or in the credit 
ratings of other Eurozone or other government bonds in which the GCC Group could invest, could adversely affect 
the value of securities issued by Spain, Italy, Spanish autonomous communities or other issuers that the GCC 
Group holds, and could also adversely impact the extent to which the GCC Group can use the Spanish and Italian 
government bonds it holds (or other government bonds that it may hold from time to time) as collateral for ECB 
refinancing and, indirectly, for refinancing with other securities. Likewise, any permanent reduction in the value 
of Spanish or Italian government bonds would be reflected in the GCC Group's capital position and would 
adversely affect its ability to access liquidity, raise capital and meet minimum regulatory capital requirements. As 
such, a downgrade or series of downgrades in the sovereign rating of Spain and/or Italy (or any other relevant 
sovereign) and any resulting reduction in the value of Spanish or Italian government bonds (or other relevant 
government bonds) may have a material adverse effect on the GCC Group's business, capital position, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. As of 31 December 2021, the exposure of the GCC Group to 
sovereign debt is approximately €14 billion, out of which 66.2% corresponds to Italy and 33.8% to Spain. 
(a) 
Derivative transactions could imply market, credit and operational risks 
The GCC Group enters into derivative transactions for hedging purposes. The GCC Group is subject to market, 
credit and operational risks associated with these transactions, including credit or default risk (the risk of 
insolvency or other inability of the counterparty to a particular transaction to perform its obligations thereunder, 
including providing sufficient collateral). The execution and performance of these transactions depend on the 
ability of the GCC Group to maintain adequate control and administration systems. Moreover, its ability to 
adequately monitor, analyse and report derivative transactions continues to depend, largely, on its information 
technology systems. These factors further increase the risks associated with these transactions and could have a 
material adverse effect on the GCC Group. Unexpected market developments could adversely affect the 
effectiveness of the GCC Group's hedging strategies, having an impact on its business, results of operations and 
prospects.   
As of 31 December 2021, the nominal value of the hedging derivatives in the books of the GCC Group within its 
financial risk management strategy and with the aim of reducing asymmetries in the accounting treatment of its 
operations amounted to €9,494 million.  
Moreover, market volatility may have an impact on the income statement ("Gains/losses on financial transactions") 
due to changes to the Credit Valuation Adjustments ("CVA"). CVA is added to the valuation of "Over-The-
Counter" (OTC) derivatives (both for hedge accounting and held for trading) due to the risk associated with the 
counterparty's credit risk exposure. The amount registered for "Gains/losses on financial transactions" for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021 has been around €780,678. 
(b) 
Changes in interest rates may negatively affect the GCC Group's business (structural interest 
rate risk) 
The GCC Group's business is particularly sensitive to changes in interest rates. Interest rates are highly sensitive 
to many factors beyond the GCC Group's control and as a significant portion of the GCC Group's customer loans 
as of 31 December 2021 consisted of variable interest rate loans, its business is sensitive to volatility in interest 
rates. Changes in market interest rates may affect the spread between interest rates charged on interest-earning 
assets and interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities and subsequently affect the GCC Group's results of 
operations. An increase in interest rates, which could happen in the short term as a result of the inflationary 
environment experienced in the beginning of the year, could cause the GCC Group's interest expense on deposits 
to increase more significantly and quickly than its interest income from loans, resulting in a reduction in its net 
interest income as often its liabilities will re-price more quickly than its assets. Further, an increase in interest 
rates could result in a reduction in the demand for loans and the GCC Group's ability to originate loans, and also 
contribute to an increase in credit default rates among the GCC Group's customers. Conversely, a decrease in the 
general level of interest rates could adversely affect the GCC Group through, among other things, increased pre-
payments on its loan and mortgage portfolio, lower net interest income from deposits, reduced demand for deposits 
and increased competition for deposits and loans to clients. Fluctuations in interest rates may therefore have a 
material adverse effect on the GCC Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
A +/-100 bps change in interest rates (1%), assuming that the size and structure of the balance sheet remains the 
same, would have an impact on net interest income that is sensitive to interest rates on a one-year horizon of:

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
 
(i) +8.76% in 2021, in the case of an increase of 100 pbs (+0.87% in 2020), and (ii) -8.02% in 2021, in the case 
of a decrease of 100 bps (-1.62% in 2020). 
Risk Factors related to operational risks 
The GCC Group's business is dependent on its ability to process a large number of transactions efficiently and 
accurately. The GCC Group is exposed to a variety of operational risks such as those resulting from process error, 
system failure, under-performance of its staff, inadequate customer services, natural disasters or the failure of 
external systems including clerical or record keeping errors, or errors resulting from faulty computer, 
telecommunications, or information systems, or from external events. Pillar 1 capital requirements for operational 
risk stood at €129 million as of 31 December 2021.  
6. 
BCC and the GCC Group are subject to substantial regulation and regulatory and governmental 
oversight. Adverse regulatory developments or changes in government policy could have a material 
adverse effect on their business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The financial services industry is among the most highly regulated industries in the world. In response to the 
global financial crisis and the European sovereign debt crisis, governments, regulatory authorities and others have 
made and continue to make proposals to reform the regulatory framework for the financial services industry to 
enhance its resilience against future crises. Legislation has already been enacted and regulations issued in response 
to some of these proposals, and these increased levels of government and regulatory intervention in the banking 
sector are expected to continue for the foreseeable future. As a result, the GCC Group may be subject to an 
increasing incidence or amount of liability or regulatory sanctions and may be required to make greater 
expenditures and devote additional resources to address potential liability. This could lead to additional changes 
in the near future and also require the payment of levies, taxes, charges and compliance with other additional 
regulatory requirements. This creates significant uncertainty for the GCC Group and the financial industry in 
general. 
Implementation of the relevant procedures, monitoring and other technical and human requirements in relation to 
new laws and regulations could have an impact on the GCC Group's business by increasing its operational and 
compliance costs. If these requirements are not interpreted or implemented correctly, or if the relevant procedures 
are breached, the GCC Group may become subject to legal and regulatory claims and sanctions. See "The Group 
is exposed to risk of loss from legal and regulatory claims". Any legislative or regulatory actions and any required 
changes to the business operations of the GCC Group resulting from such legislation and regulations, as well as 
any deficiencies in the GCC Group's compliance with such legislation and regulation, could result in significant 
loss of revenue, leading to a decrease in the profitability of the GCC Group, and could limit the ability to pursue 
business opportunities and provide certain products and services, affect the value of assets that the GCC Group 
holds, require the GCC Group to increase the prices and therefore reduce demand for products, impose additional 
compliance and other costs on us or otherwise adversely affect the GCC Group businesses. 
The main regulations which have most heavily affected the GCC Group are those related to banking supervision, 
recovery and resolution, anti-money laundering and terrorism financing, data protection and taxation: 
(a) 
Compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules involves 
significant cost and effort and the GCC Group may not be able to detect or prevent these 
activities: 
The GCC Group entities are subject to rules and regulations regarding money laundering and the financing of 
terrorism. These rules and regulations require the GCC Group, amongst others, to conduct full customer due 
diligence (including sanctions and politically exposed person screening), keep its customer, account and 
transaction information up to date, and have financial crime policies and procedures detailing what is required 
from those responsible implemented. The GCC Group is also required to conduct anti-money laundering training 
for its employees and to report suspicious transactions to the competent authority following a special review 
performed by the GCC Group anti-money laundering Team.  
Monitoring compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules can put a significant 
financial burden on banks and other financial institutions and pose significant technical problems. Although the 
GCC Group believes that its current policies and procedures are sufficient to comply with applicable rules and 
regulations, it cannot guarantee that its GCC Group-wide anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing 
policies and procedures completely prevent situations of money laundering or terrorism financing. For instance, 
emerging technologies, such as cryptocurrencies and blockchain, could limit the GCC Group's ability to track the

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
 
movement of funds and hence hinder its ability to detect suspicious transactions. Any of such events may have 
severe consequences, including sanctions, fines and reputational consequences, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the GCC Group's financial condition and results of operations.  
Where the GCC Group outsources any of its customer due diligence, customer screening or anti financial crime 
operations, it remains responsible and accountable for full compliance and any breaches. If the GCC Group is 
unable to apply the necessary scrutiny and oversight of third parties to whom it outsources certain tasks and 
processes, there remains a risk of regulatory breach. 
In addition, while the GCC Group reviews its relevant counterparties' internal policies and procedures with respect 
to such matters, the GCC Group, to a large degree, relies upon the relevant counterparties to maintain and properly 
apply their own appropriate compliance procedures and internal policies.  
If the GCC Group is unable to fully comply with applicable laws, regulations and expectations, regulators and 
relevant law enforcement agencies have the ability and authority to impose significant fines and other penalties 
on the GCC Group, including requiring a complete review of its business systems, day-to-day supervision by 
external consultants and ultimately the revocation of GCC Group's banking license. 
The reputational damage to the business of the Group would be severe in the event that it is found to have breached 
anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and corruption or sanctions requirements. Its reputation could also be affected 
if the GCC Group is unable to protect its customers' bank products and services from being used by criminals for 
illegal or improper purposes. 
Measures, procedures and internal policies in place may not be completely effective in preventing third parties 
from using the GCC Group's (and its relevant counterparties') services as a conduit for illicit purposes (including 
illegal cash operations) without its (and its relevant counterparties') knowledge. Any current or future association 
with, or even accusations of association with, breaches of anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism or sanctions 
requirements could damage the GCC Group reputation, and could cause to become subject to fines, sanctions 
and/or legal enforcement. 
Compliance risk also entails the risk of legal or administrative sanctions or loss of reputation due to failures to 
comply with laws, regulations, self-regulation, codes of conduct and internal regulations applicable to its banking 
activities. Regulatory compliance is a responsibility that falls to the whole GCC Group and its staff, not only to a 
particular area or department. BCC is responsible for continuous compliance monitoring across the GCC Group; 
assessing and managing the risk of non-compliance related to transparency, customer protection and rules of 
conduct in the areas of markets, market abuse, customer banking products and services, protection of personal 
data and the prevention of criminal risks related to business activities of BCC and promoting appropriate training 
to staff on these matters within the GCC Group.  
(b) 
Regulation related to data collection, processing and storage systems 
Risks relating to data collection, processing and storage systems are inherent in the GCC Group's business and 
the GCC Group is increasingly exposed to cyber security threats.  Losses can result from inadequate personnel, 
inadequate or failed internal control processes and systems or from external events that interrupt normal business 
operations.  
Like other financial institutions, the GCC Group receives, manages, processes, holds and transmits proprietary 
and sensitive or confidential information, including personal information of customers and employees in the 
conduct of its banking operations. Therefore, the business of the GCC Group depends on its ability to process a 
large number of transactions efficiently and accurately, and on its ability to rely on its digital technologies, 
computer and email services, software and networks, as well as on the secure processing, storage and transmission 
of confidential or sensitive personal data and other information using the computer systems and networks of the 
GCC Group or those of its third-party vendors. Even if the GCC Group has procedures in place to safeguard 
personal and other confidential and sensitive information in its possession, unauthorised access or disclosures 
could result in the GCC Group being subject to actions and administrative sanctions, as well as damages or 
reputational harm that could materially and adversely affect the financial condition of the GCC Group.  
Cybersecurity incidents and data losses can result from inadequate personnel, inadequate or failed internal control 
processes and systems, or from external events or actors that interrupt normal business operations. The GCC 
Group also faces the risk that the design of its cybersecurity controls and procedures prove to be inadequate or are 
circumvented such that its data and/or client records are incomplete, not recoverable or not securely stored. Any

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
 
material disruption or slowdown of the systems of the GCC Group could cause information, including data related 
to customer requests, to be lost or to be delivered to its clients with delays or errors, which could reduce demand 
for its services and products, could produce customer claims and could materially and adversely affect the GCC 
Group. This is especially applicable in the current response to the COVID-19 pandemic and the shift the GCC 
Group has experienced in having a significant part of its employees working from their homes, as its employees 
access its secure networks through their home networks.  
Even after taking protective measures and continuously monitoring and developing its systems to protect its 
technology infrastructure, data and information from misappropriation or corruption, the software and networks 
of the GCC Group may, nevertheless, be vulnerable to disruptions and failures caused by unauthorised access or 
misuse, computer viruses, disability devices, phishing attacks or other malicious code, fire, power loss, 
telecommunications failures, employee misconduct, human error, computer hackers, and other events that could 
have a security impact on the GCC Group. If the GCC Group fails to effectively manage its cybersecurity risk, 
including by failing to update its systems and processes in response to new threats, this could harm its reputation 
and adversely affect its operating results, financial condition and prospects, including through the payment of 
customer compensation or other damages, litigation expenses, regulatory penalties and fines and/or through the 
loss of assets. 
Cybercrime and criminal schemes seeking to profit from attacks on information technology systems and their 
users are becoming more prevalent and sophisticated. Like all entities in the financial system, the GCC Group is 
subject to periodic cyberattacks. The spread of new technologies and services that the GCC Group makes available 
to the customers online could facilitate cybercrime and contribute to the increasing sophistication of these criminal 
operations. The constant evolution of criminal actors and techniques places pressure on the GCC Group to 
constantly re-evaluate its mode for preventing, managing and responding to cyberattacks and fraud in order to 
respond effectively to emerging risks. 
In recent years, the information technology and computer systems of companies and organisations are being 
increasingly targeted, and the techniques used to obtain unauthorised, improper or illegal access to information 
technology and computer systems have become increasingly complex and sophisticated. Furthermore, such 
techniques change frequently and are often not recognised or detected until after they have been launched and can 
originate from a wide variety of sources, including not only cyber criminals, but also activists and terrorists, nation 
states, nation state-supported actors and others. As attack attempts continue to evolve in scope and sophistication, 
the GCC Group may incur significant costs in order to modify or enhance its protective measures against such 
attacks, or to investigate or remediate any vulnerability or resulting breach, or in communicating cyber-attacks to 
its customers, affected individuals or regulators. 
In addition, several new and proposed laws, directives and regulations are defining how to manage cybersecurity 
and data protection risks, among others, with respect to the data breach reporting requirements and supervisory 
processes. These regulations are quite fragmented in terms of definitions, scope and applicability. A failure to 
successfully implement all or some of these new local, regional, national and international regulations, which in 
some cases have severe sanction regimes, could have a material adverse effect on the GCC Group. Without 
prejudice to the sanction regimes established in the applicable regulations, cybersecurity risks may cause an 
increase in operational risk and as a consequence generate higher capital requirements to be complied by the GCC 
Group. 
The main challenges that could affect the business are the frustration of users in the face of the change in the way 
of working; lack of training or connection devices; remote access configuration failures; failures in the sizing of 
connection lines to the centres; absence of "reliable" methods of connection to the work centre and increased risk 
by allowing connections from personal equipment of the user to their workplace. 
(c) 
Regulation on contributions for assisting in the future recovery and resolution of the Spanish 
banking sector may have a material adverse effect on BCC's business, financial condition and 
results of operations 
Directive 2014/49/EU on deposit guarantee schemes (the "DGSD") was implemented in Spain through 
Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms ("Law 11/2015") 
and Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, implementing Law 11/2015 ("RD 1012/2015"), which established 
a requirement for Spanish credit institutions, including BCC, to make at least an annual ordinary contribution to 
the National Resolution Fund (Fondo de Resolución Nacional) (the "National Resolution Fund") payable on 
request of the Fund for Orderly Bank Restructuring (Fondo de Restructuración Ordenada Bancaria) (the "FROB") 
in addition to the annual contribution to be made to the Deposit Guarantee Fund (Fondo de Garantía de Depósitos

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
 
de Entidades de Crédito) (the "Deposit Guarantee Fund") by member institutions. The total amount of 
contributions to be made to the National Resolution Fund by all Spanish banking entities must equal, at least, 1% 
of the aggregate amount of all deposits guaranteed by the Deposit Guarantee Fund by 31 December 2024. The 
contribution will be adjusted to the risk profile of each institution in accordance with the criteria set out in 
RD 1012/2015 and in the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/63, of 21 October 2014, supplementing 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to ex ante contributions to 
resolution financing arrangements. The FROB may, in addition, collect extraordinary contributions. 
Furthermore, Law 11/2015 has also established an additional charge (tasa) which shall be used to further fund the 
activities of the FROB, in its capacity as a resolution authority, which charge shall equal 2.5% of the above annual 
ordinary contribution to be made to the National Resolution Fund. 
In addition, BCC needs to make contributions to the Single Resolution Fund and the Deposit Guarantee Fund. 
These contributions are recognised in the item "Other operating expenses- contribution to the Deposit Guarantee 
Fund and Single Resolution Fund" of the Profit and Loss Account and totalled €57 million in the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020 and €61 million in the financial year ended 31 December 2021. Any levies, taxes or 
funding requirements imposed on BCC pursuant to the foregoing or otherwise in any of the jurisdictions where it 
operates could have a material adverse effect on BCC's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
(d) 
The GCC Group is subject to supervision by tax authorities, and an incorrect interpretation of 
tax laws and regulations by the GCC Group may have a material adverse effect on it  
The preparation of the tax returns of the GCC Group requires the use of estimates and interpretations of complex 
tax laws and regulations and is subject to review by tax authorities.  
The GCC Group is subject to the income tax laws of Spain. These tax laws are complex and subject to different 
interpretations by the taxpayer and relevant governmental tax authorities, which are sometimes subject to 
prolonged evaluation periods until a final resolution is reached. In establishing a provision for income tax expense 
and filing returns, the GCC Group must make judgements and interpretations about the application of these 
inherently complex tax laws. If the judgement, estimates and assumptions the GCC Group uses in preparing its 
tax returns are subsequently found to be incorrect, there could be a material adverse effect on GCC Group's results 
of operations. 
(e) 
The GCC Group is subject to potential action by any of its regulators or supervisors, 
particularly in response to customers complaints 
In their supervisory roles, regulators seek to maintain the safety and soundness of financial institutions with the 
aim of strengthening the protection of customers and the financial system. The supervisors' continuing supervision 
of financial institutions is conducted through a variety of regulatory tools, including the collection of information 
by way of prudential returns, reports obtained from skilled persons, visits to firms and regular meetings with 
management to discuss issues such as performance, risk management and strategy.  
In general, these regulators have a more outcome-focused regulatory approach that involves more proactive 
enforcement and more punitive penalties for infringement. As a result, the GCC Group faces increased supervisory 
scrutiny and in the event of a breach of our regulatory obligations it is likely to face more stringent regulatory 
fines. Certain regulators are focusing intently on consumer protection and on conduct risk and will continue to do 
so. This has included a focus on the design and operation of products, the behaviour of customers and the operation 
of markets. Such a focus could result, for example, in usury regulation that could restrict the ability of the GCC 
Group to charge certain levels of interest in credit transactions or in regulation that would prevent the GCC Group 
from bundling products that it offers to its customers.  
Customers of financial services institutions may seek redress if they consider that they have suffered loss as a 
result of the miss-selling of a particular product, or through the incorrect application of the terms and conditions 
of a particular product. Litigation and the evolution of judgements by relevant authorities is unpredictable. An 
adverse outcome in some matters could harm the GCC Group's reputation or have a material adverse effect on the 
operating results, financial condition and prospects arising from any penalties imposed or compensation awarded, 
together with the costs of defending such an action, thereby reducing the profitability of the GCC Group. 
7. 
The GCC Group is exposed to risk of loss from legal and regulatory claims 
The GCC Group and its Members are and, in the future, may be involved in various claims, disputes, legal 
proceedings and governmental investigations in Spain. These types of claims and proceedings may expose the

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
 
GCC Group, or its Members, to monetary damages, direct or indirect costs or financial loss, civil and criminal 
penalties, loss of licenses or authorisations, or loss of reputation (reputational risk), as well as the potential for 
regulatory restrictions on the GCC Group's businesses, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the 
GCC Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Interest rate floor clauses 
The GCC Group could be exposed to legal claims related to interest rate floor clauses. On 21 December 2016, the 
Court of Justice of the EU ("CJEU") published its decision regarding whether the time limitation placed on the 
refund of amounts following the declaration of invalidity of interest rate floor clauses in mortgage loans to 
customers by the Supreme Court of Spain in its judgment dated 9 May 2013, among others, was in compliance 
with Council Directive 93/13/EEC of 5 April on unfair terms in consumer contracts ("Directive 93/13/EEC"). In 
its judgment, the ECJ stated that national case-law that sets time limits for the refund of amounts arising from the 
invalidity of an unfair term in a contract is contrary to article 6(1) of the Directive 93/13/EEC.   
Following the entry into force of the Royal Decree-Law 1/2017 concerning Urgent Measures for Protection of 
Customers and in response to the requirements of the Spanish Securities Exchange Commission (Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores) ("CNMV") regarding mortgage floor clauses (cláusulas suelo), on 24 
January 2017 Cajamar Caja Rural, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito published a regulatory announcement (hecho 
relevante) communicating that it had already removed the floor clause to all mortgage loans to individuals 
(household) affected by the Spanish Supreme Court Decision of 9 May 2013.  
The entities of the GCC Group have attended and attend the extrajudicial claims received under this Royal Decree-
Law, returning those amounts that would have been received on the occasion of the application of the pact, in 
cash or other legally possible compensatory measures, in order to avoid judicial proceedings. 
In the financial year ended 31 December 2021, once the evolution of the claims filed by customers has been 
evaluated, a re-estimation has been made for a total amount of €4 million. During the financial year ended 31 
December 2021, payments to customers and administrative expenses for managing these claims amounted to €6 
million. As of 31 December 2021, the GCC Group has recorded provisions in order to cover contingencies 
deriving from interest rate floor clauses for a total amount of €3 million (€5 million as of 31 December 2020). 
Mortgage expenses 
Additionally, on 23 December 2015 the Supreme Court of Spain ruled that mortgage clauses that envisaged that 
a borrower shall pay all fees related to taking out the mortgage were null and void. Nullity declared by the Supreme 
Court was based on the lack of detail in the loan agreement with regards to expenses, commissions and taxes that 
should have been detailed in the loan documentation other than imposed in a generic manner. Claims were brought 
against the GCC Group related to these clauses. 
IRPH 
Regarding the reference rate for mortgages in Spain, the CJEU was asked to clarify whether the judgment of the 
Supreme Court dated 14 December 2017, in which it exempted the Index of Reference of Mortgage Loans 
("IRPH") (Índice de Referencia de Préstamos Hipotecarios) clause from any transparency control, is adjusted to 
community law. 
The legal matter under debate is the transparency test based on article 4.2 of Council Directive 93/13/EEC when 
the borrower is a consumer. Since the IRPH is the price of the contract and it falls within the definition of the 
main subject matter of the contract, it must be drafted in plain, intelligible language, so that the consumer is in a 
position to evaluate, on the basis of clear, intelligible criteria, what the economic consequences derived from such 
contract are.  
On 3 March 2020, the CJEU issued its final decision with regards to the IRPH used by many Spanish lenders to 
establish the interest rate on numerous mortgage loans. The CJEU declared that national courts are required to 
verify that a contractual term relating to the main subject matter of the agreement is plain and intelligible and in 
that regard, a contractual term setting a variable interest rate under a mortgage loan agreement not only must be 
formally and grammatically intelligible but also enable an average consumer, who is reasonably well-informed 
and reasonably observant and circumspect, to be in a position to understand the specific functioning of the method 
used for calculating that rate and thus evaluate, on the basis of clear, intelligible criteria, the potentially significant 
economic consequences of such a term on his or her financial obligations. The CJEU considers that information 
that is particularly relevant for the purposes of the assessment to be carried out by the national court in that regard

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
 
includes (i) the fact that essential information relating to the calculation of that rate is easily accessible to anyone 
intending to take out a mortgage loan, on account of the publication of the method used for calculating that rate, 
and (ii) the provision of data relating to past fluctuations of the index on the basis of which that rate is calculated. 
The CJEU also establishes that where an unfair contractual term setting a reference index for calculating the 
variable interest of a loan is null and void, national courts shall replace that index with a statutory index applicable 
in the absence of an agreement to the contrary between the parties to the contract, in so far as the mortgage loan 
agreement in question is not capable of continuing in existence if the unfair term is removed and annulment of 
that agreement in its entirety would expose the consumer to particularly unfavourable consequences. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Court of First Instance No. 38 of Barcelona formulated a new request for 
preliminary rulings with the CJEU, following its judgment of 3 March 2020 in Case C-125/18, which was resolved 
by the CJEU by Order of November 17, 2021, in which it declared that not passing the transparency control did 
not imply the abusiveness of an IRPH clause. However, even if in some specific case it is hypothetically 
considered that the clause was not transparent, the most likely effect will be the replacement of the IRPH applied 
by the agreed substitute rate, and in the absence of this, by the supplementary legal index, that means that a judge 
could determine it based on similar set of entities.  
The CJEU therefore confirmed that the publication of the Circular of the Bank of Spain (5/2012), with the formula 
for calculating the IRPH in the Spanish Official Gazette (BOE) is sufficient for its knowledge and 
comprehensibility of the index. 
As of 31 December 2021, the total outstanding amount of performing mortgage loans for home purchase indexed 
to IRPH with individuals was approximately €17 million. 
Revolving cards 
Regarding the revolving card exposures, the Plenary Session of the First Chamber of the Supreme Court, in 
March 2020, handed down judgment, confirming the annulment of revolving cards considering the remuneration 
interest usurious. These types of cards allow a credit or deferred payment of purchases or cash provisions to be 
arranged rapidly. The holder of these revolving cards usually pays a fixed monthly fee but subject to an interest 
rate usually above 20%. As a result, not only does the cardholder end up paying a much higher amount than the 
available capital, but the payment of the outstanding debt is extended so much in time that the borrower can 
become, what the Supreme Court has called, a "captive debtor". 
Order ETD/699/2020 of July 24, regulating revolving credit, that applied by the GCC Group, was enacted with 
the aim of reducing this litigation, avoiding the risk of excessive prolongation of the credit with the consequent 
excessive payment of interests. 
Since March 2018, in the case of consumers, GCC commercialises as an intermediary, the revolving credit lines 
and cards of the entity GCC Consumo Establecimiento Financiero de Crédito, S.A. The business of consumer 
lending for BCC is handled through the joint venture with Banco Cetelem S.A.U. (in which BCC holds a 49%) 
so the impact of this issue would be in the form of less commissions and dividends coming from such agreement 
or an increased capital requirement. In any case it cannot be disregarded that there could potentially be claims 
regarding revolving facilities in the future. 
Without prejudice to the above current legal claims, there is also a risk that the outcome of any legal or regulatory 
actions or proceedings in which the GCC Group is involved may give rise to changes in laws or regulations as 
part of a wider response by relevant lawmakers and regulators. A decision in any matter, either against the GCC 
Group or another financial institution facing similar claims, could lead to further claims against the GCC Group. 
This could have a material adverse effect on the GCC Group results and financial situation. 
8. 
Information reliability risk  
The GCC Group's annual accounts are based in part on assumptions and estimates which, if inaccurate, could 
cause material misstatement of the results of the GCC Group's operations and financial position. Despite the GCC 
Group's risk management policies, procedures and methods, the GCC Group may nonetheless be exposed to 
unidentified or unanticipated risks. The preparation of annual accounts requires management to make judgments, 
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Due to the 
inherent uncertainty in making estimates, actual results reported in future periods may be based upon amounts 
which differ from those estimates. Estimates, judgements and assumptions are continually evaluated and are based 
on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
 
reasonable under the circumstances. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the 
estimate is revised and in any future periods affected. The accounting policies deemed critical to the GCC Group's 
results and financial position, based upon materiality and significant judgements and estimates, include 
impairment of loans and advances, valuation of financial instruments, impairment of available-for-sale financial 
assets, deferred tax assets provision and pension obligation for liabilities. 
The accounting standard setters and other regulatory bodies periodically change the financial accounting and 
reporting standards that govern the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the GCC Group. These 
changes can materially impact how the GCC Group records and reports its financial condition and results of 
operations, as well as affect the calculation of its capital ratios. In some cases, the GCC Group could be required 
to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the restatement of prior period financial statements. 
The GCC Group has to calculate provisions with its own models, which are based on historic data and 
macroeconomic forecasts. Within the current COVID-19 environment, the GCC Group updated its 
macroeconomic forecasts. The risk parameters used to estimate allowances are determined by the prevailing 
macroeconomic situation and then projected based on different macroeconomic scenarios. The Bank of Spain's 
latest macroeconomic projections have been included in the latest changes to these estimates, and they are given 
significant weight. 
The GCC Group also enhanced mechanisms for detecting significant increase in risk. This resulted in an annual 
increase in Stage 2 according to IFRS9 classification total exposures of €303 million up to a total of €2,693 million 
as of 31 December 2021.  
Furthermore, due to the uncertainty deriving from the crisis caused by the pandemic, the GCC Group decided to 
conduct an exercise to estimate further expected losses on top of the estimates obtained using models with past 
data. The GCC Group therefore recognised a provision of €75 million because of the potential impact to borrowers 
in the sectors hardest hit by the crisis. 
Nevertheless, the GCC Group's risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating 
the GCC Group's risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risk, including risks 
that the GCC Group fails to identify or anticipate. Some of the GCC Group's qualitative tools and metrics for 
managing risk are based upon the GCC Group's use of observed historical market behaviour. The GCC Group 
applies statistical and other tools to these observations to arrive at quantifications of its risk exposures. These 
qualitative tools and metrics may fail to predict future risk exposures. 
Regarding Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) aspects, the GCC Group is exposed to the risk of 
inaccuracy or incoherence when preparing the necessary information on sustainability, that will be disclosed to 
the market and stakeholders. 
If the judgment, estimates and assumptions the GCC Group uses in preparing its financials, projections and targets 
are subsequently found to be incorrect, there could be a material effect on its results of operations and a 
corresponding effect on its funding requirements and capital ratios. 
9. 
Other operational risks - Third parties and affiliates for products and services 
Third-party providers and certain affiliated companies provide key components of GCC Group's business 
infrastructure such as back office and business process support, IT production and support, among others. The 
main third-party providers whose service could have an impact on the GCC Group's business performance and 
operations are, among others: the Servicer Haya Real Estate, in charge of the management of non-performing 
assets; the Cover Pool Monitor of the Covered Bond Programme, who is responsible for checking the over 
collateral levels and the issuer's due diligence on the attributes of the assets; Cecabank, responsible for the 
management of the Treasury platform; and Inversis for the asset management.  
Relying on these third parties and affiliated companies can be a source of operational and regulatory risk to the 
GCC Group, including with respect to security breaches affecting such parties. The GCC Group is also subject to 
risk with respect to security breaches affecting the providers and other parties which could be related with them. 
The GCC Group may be required to take steps to protect the integrity of the operational systems, thereby 
increasing operational costs and potentially decreasing customer satisfaction.  
In addition, any problems caused by these third parties or affiliated companies, including as a result of them not 
providing the GCC Group with their services for any reason, or performing their services in an inadequate or 
unsatisfactory way, could adversely affect the ability to deliver products and services to customers and otherwise

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
 
conduct our business, which could lead to reputational damage and regulatory investigations and intervention. 
Replacing these third-party providers could also result in significant delays and expenses.  
Reputational Risk 
10. 
Any damage or failure to maintain the GCC Group's reputation and its brand may adversely affect its 
business prospects 
Reputational risk can be defined as that arising from the negative perception of the GCC Group by the various 
stakeholders with which it relates or by public opinion, which could cause an adverse impact on the capital, 
liquidity, on the results or the development of the businesses making up its activity. It is a risk which arises from 
the materialisation of other risks. Legal, economic, financial, operational, ethical, social and environmental factors 
may influence in reputational risk and could cause a loss of confidence in the institution.  
The Issuer believes the success of the GCC Group depends in part on establishing and maintaining a widely 
recognised brand with a favourable reputation. Harm to the GCC Group's reputation can arise from numerous 
sources, including, among others, employee misconduct, litigation or regulatory outcomes, failure to deliver 
minimum standards of service and quality, compliance failures, unethical behaviour, the failure to adequately 
address, or the perceived failure to adequately address, conflicts of interest, actions by the financial services 
industry generally or by certain members, actions of strategic alliance partners, including the misconduct or 
fraudulent actions of such partners and the activities of customers and counterparties. 
In particular, this issue is especially relevant nowadays with the increasing requirements of transparency 
applicable to financial entities regarding Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) aspects. BCC is exposed 
to reputational risk or economic loss resulting from the failure to integrate ESG aspects in the strategy, 
performance and business of the GCC Group.  
If the GCC Group is not able to maintain and enhance its brand, and to comply with the strategy and goals stated 
to market and stakeholders, its ability to grow may be impaired and the GCC Group's business and operating 
results may be harmed. 
Risk Factors related to Issuer's Business Model 
11. 
Increasingly onerous capital and eligible liabilities requirements constitute one of the Issuer's main 
regulatory challenges. 
The financial services industry is among the most highly regulated industries in the world. The wide range of 
recent actions or current proposals includes, among others, provisions for more stringent regulatory capital and 
liquidity standards, restrictions on compensation practices, special bank levies and financial transaction taxes, 
recovery and resolution powers to intervene in a crisis including "bail-in" of creditors, separation of certain 
businesses from deposit taking, stress testing and capital planning regimes, heightened reporting requirements and 
reforms of derivatives, other financial instruments, investment products and market infrastructures. In addition, 
the new institutional structure in Europe for supervision, with the creation of the single supervisory mechanism 
(the "SSM"), and for resolution, with the new single resolution mechanism (the "SRM"), could lead to changes 
in the near future.  
The specific effects of a number of new laws and regulations remain uncertain because the drafting and 
implementation of these laws and regulations, and the regulations to develop them, are still ongoing. As a result 
of the increased level of government and regulatory intervention in the banking sector, the GCC Group is now 
facing a significant increase in compliance costs. 
In 2011, the framework known as Basel III, which is a full set of reform measures to strengthen the regulation, 
supervision and risk management of the banking sector, was introduced (see "Capital requirements"). This 
framework to boost the banking sector's ability to absorb impacts caused by financial and economic stress, 
improve risk management and corporate governance, and improve banking transparency and disclosures. 
Concerning capital, Basel III redefined available capital at financial institutions (including new deductions and 
raising the requirements for eligible equity instruments), tightened the minimum capital requirements, compelled 
financial institutions to operate permanently with surplus capital (capital "buffers"), and included new 
requirements for the risks considered. The EU began implementing the Basel III capital reforms through 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June on access to the activity of credit 
institutions the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRD IV Directive"). The

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
 
core regulation regarding the solvency of credit entities is Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June on prudential requirements for credit institutions (the "CRR").  
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) 
No 648/2012 ("CRR II") and Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures 
("CRD V") amended CRR and CRD IV as regards the leverage ratio (binding leverage ratio at 3% of their RWAs), 
the introduction of a net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty 
credit risk, market risk (revised market risk framework – FRTB), exposures to central counterparties, exposures 
to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation 
(EU) No 648/2012. 
Financial institutions are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital of 8% of risk-weighted assets, 
of which at least 4.5% of risk-weighted assets must be common equity tier 1 ("CET1") capital and at least 6% of 
risk-weighted assets must be tier 1 capital (the "minimum Pillar 1 capital requirements"). 
Due to the authorisation received in June 2014 from the Bank of Spain recognising the GCC Group as an 
institutional protection scheme (sistema institucional de protección) ("IPS") under Spanish law (the "GCC IPS"), 
the obligation of the Members to comply on an individual basis with the application of the requirements set out 
in Parts Two to Eight of the CRR has been waived in accordance with Article 10 of such Regulation. This 
exemption applies to BCC and to each of the 18 other Members of the GCC Group. Consequently, the GCC Group 
only must comply with the minimum capital requirements on a consolidated basis. 
As of 31 December 2021, the GCC Group's capital ratios were: phased-in CET1, 13.29% (13.79% as of 31 
December 2020) and phased-in Total Capital, 15.71% (15.49% as of 31 December 2020), above the supervisor's 
requirements at that date. At 31 December 2021 the fully loaded CET 1 ratio stood at 12.78% (13.06% as of 31 
December 2020) and the fully-loaded Total Capital ratio stood at 15.20% (14.77% as of 31 December 2020).  
Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, of 15 October 2013 (the "SSM Regulation") confers specific tasks on 
the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions and also contemplates that 
in addition to the minimum Pillar 1 capital requirements, supervisory authorities may impose further Pillar 2 
capital requirements to cover other risks. The ECB is required under the SSM Regulation to carry out a supervisory 
review and evaluation process (the "SREP") at least on an annual basis. 
Based on the results of the SREP, as stated in a letter from the ECB to BCC and communicated to the GCC Group 
on 3 February 2022, the ECB communicated the decision to the GCC Group to maintain, from 1 March 2022 and 
on a consolidated basis, a phased-in Total Capital Ratio of 13% and a phased-in CET1 Ratio of 8.41%, that 
includes a minimum Pillar 1 requirement of 4.5%, a Pillar 2 requirement at 2.5% (unchanged from last year's 
requirement) and a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%. The GCC has complied with all capital requirements 
notified by the ECB at all times. 
However, there can be no assurance that the total capital requirements (minimum Pillar 1 capital requirements 1 
plus Pillar 2R plus combined buffer requirement) imposed on the GCC Group from time to time may not be higher 
than the levels of capital available at such point in time. There can also be no assurance as to the result of any 
future SREP carried out by the ECB and whether this will impose any further Pillar 2 additional own funds 
requirements on the GCC Group. 
BCC has not been classified as a global systemically important institutions ("G-SIB") or as a domestic 
systemically important bank ("D-SIB") during 2021 nor in 2022 and therefore it will not be required to maintain 
the G-SIB buffer or a D-SIB buffer during this period. However, no assurance can be given that BCC will not be 
designated a G-SIB or a D-SIB in the future. 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, BCC is only required to maintain the capital conservation buffer (2.5% of 
risk-weighted assets in 2021 which is the maximum limit established in the CRR) and the countercyclical capital 
buffer. Some or all the other buffers may also apply to the GCC Group from time to time as determined by the 
Bank of Spain, the ECB or any other competent authority.

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
 
Any failure by the GCC Group to maintain its minimum Pillar 1 capital requirements, any Pillar 2 additional own 
funds requirements and/or any combined buffer requirement (outside the context of the temporary situation of 
being allowed to operate below this buffer) could result in administrative actions or sanctions, which, in turn, may 
have a material adverse effect on the GCC Group's results of operations. In particular, any failure to maintain any 
additional capital requirements pursuant to the Pillar 2 framework or any other capital requirements to which the 
GCC Group is or becomes subject (including the combined buffer requirement), may result in the imposition of 
restrictions or prohibitions on discretionary payments. In addition, any failure by the GCC Group to comply with 
its regulatory capital requirements could also result in the imposition of further Pillar 2 requirements and the 
adoption of any early intervention or, ultimately, resolution measures by resolution authorities. 
With regard to leverage, the CRR also includes a requirement for institutions to calculate a leverage ratio ("LR"), 
report it to their supervisors and to disclose it publicly from 1 January 2015 onwards. As of 31 December 2021, 
the GCC Group's LR (fully loaded) was 5.26% (5.41% as of 31 December 2020).  
In addition to the minimum capital requirements, banks shall hold a minimum level of own funds and eligible 
liabilities in relation to total liabilities and own funds (known as "MREL"). In April 2022 BCC released the final 
MREL requirements communicated by the resolution authority. According to the notification done by the Single 
Resolution Board ("SRB"), BCC must reach a consolidated MREL of 19.79% and 5.31% in terms of Total Risk 
Exposure Amount ("TREA") and Leverage Ratio Exposure ("LRE"), respectively, as of January 2025 and an 
interim MREL requirement of 14.03% and 5.31% in terms of TREA and LRE, respectively, as of January 2022. 
These ratios do not include 2.50% of the Combined Buffer Requirement. The SRB has calculated these 
requirements taking into account financial and prudential information available as of 31 December 2020. BCC 
has not been communicated any subordination requirement. This MREL requirements are aligned with GCC 
Group's forecasts and its consecution is contemplated in its funding plan. The SRB determines the MREL 
requirement based on current legislation; therefore, the requirement can be modified following changes in 
legislation or new estimations by the resolution authorities. 
Any failure by an institution to meet the applicable minimum MREL requirements is intended to be treated 
similarly as a failure to meet minimum regulatory capital requirements, where resolution authorities must ensure 
that they intervene and place an institution into resolution sufficiently early if it is deemed to be failing or likely 
to fail and there is no reasonable prospect of recovery. 
Although BCC has not been classified as a G-SIB by the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") and, thus, in principle, 
Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity ("TLAC") should not apply to it, it cannot be disregarded that in future TLAC 
requirements may apply to the GCC Group in addition to other capital requirements either because TLAC 
requirements are adopted and implemented in Spain and extended to non-G-SIBs through the imposition of similar 
MREL requirements or otherwise. 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published its supervisory expectations on prudent levels of provision for non-
performing loans ("NPLs"). The document was published as a subsequent addendum (the "Addendum") to the 
ECB's guidance on non-performing loans for credit institutions of 20 March 2017. The ECB states that it will 
assess any differences between banks' practices and the prudential provisioning expectations laid out in the 
Addendum at least annually and will link the supervisory expectations in this Addendum to new NPLs classified 
as such from 1 April 2018 onwards. In addition, banks will therefore be asked to inform the ECB of any differences 
between their practices and the prudential provisioning expectations, as part of the SREP supervisory dialogue, 
as from early 2021. This could ultimately result in the ECB requiring banks to apply specific adjustments to their 
net worth calculations when the accounting treatment applied by the bank is not considered prudent from a 
supervisory perspective which, in turn, could have an impact on the banks' capital position. 
In August 2019 the ECB revised their supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning for new NPLs, in view 
of the complementary EU regulations, though it added that the rules for the stock of NPLs stayed intact.  The 
calendar became more flexible for new NPLs provisioning (only applicable for NPLs originated before 26 
April 2019), with time frame/exposure types now aligned with the new EU rules which are more relaxed. The 
NPL provisioning calendar would be implemented in 9 years instead of 7 years for secured loans in order to 
achieve 100% coverage (for unsecured it would continue to be a 2-year calendar). This meant more consistency 
and non-overlapping rules for new NPLs implying better alignment between ECB and the EU. 
In light of the above, it should not be disregarded that new and more demanding additional capital requirements 
may be applied in the future. 
See "Capital Requirements" for further information.

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
 
12. 
The access to equity by BCC may be limited  
As referred to above, due to the authorisation received in June 2014 from the Bank of Spain recognising the GCC 
Group as an IPS, the obligation of Members of the GCC Group to comply on an individual basis with the 
application of the capital requirements under CRR has been waived in accordance with Article 10 of such 
Regulation. This exemption applies to BCC and to each of the 18 other Members of the GCC Group. Consequently, 
the GCC Group only must comply with the minimum capital requirements previously defined on a consolidated 
basis. 
BCC is the parent entity of the GCC Group and the Members have delegated to BCC, in its role as the controlling 
and decision-making entity, all responsibilities in relation to management policies, consolidation of accounts, 
formulation of business strategy, and ensuring the solvency, liquidity and regulatory compliance of all Members. 
If a Member needs to recapitalise, it may propose a recapitalisation plan consisting of either an issue of equity 
instruments or the partial assignment of assets to one or more other Members or a combination of these two 
measures. Any such recapitalisation plan would require the approval of BCC. 
Given that BCC is not a listed company, its access to the capital markets to raise capital may be limited when 
needed. 
13. 
The GCC Group faces increasing consolidation of the competition in its business lines and the 
introduction of potentially disruptive new competitors which may adversely affect the results of 
operations of the GCC Group 
The banking sector in Spain is highly competitive. Financial sector reforms have increased competition among 
both local and foreign financial institutions, and the Issuer believes that this trend will continue. In addition, the 
trend towards consolidation in the banking industry has created larger and stronger banks with which it must now 
compete, some of which have recently received public capital. 
The Spanish banking sector has experienced a phase of particularly fierce competition, as a result of: (i) the 
implementation of directives intended to liberalise the EU's banking sector; (ii) the deregulation of the banking 
sector throughout the EU, especially in Spain, which has encouraged competition in traditional banking services, 
resulting in a gradual reduction in the spread between interest income and interest expense; (iii) the focus of the 
Spanish banking sector upon fee revenues, which means greater competition in asset management, corporate 
banking, and investment banking; (iv) changes to certain Spanish tax and banking laws; and (v) the development 
of services with a large technological component, such as internet, phone and mobile banking. In particular, 
financial sector reforms in the markets in which the GCC Group operates have increased competition among both 
local and foreign financial institutions. There has also been significant consolidation in the Spanish banking 
industry which has created larger and stronger banks with which the GCC Group must now compete. This trend 
is expected to continue as the Bank of Spain continues to impose measures aimed at restructuring the Spanish 
financial sector, including requirements that smaller, non-viable regional banks consolidate into larger, more 
solvent and competitive entities, and reducing overcapacity. 
The GCC Group also faces competition from non-bank financial institutions and other entities, such as leasing 
companies, mutual funds, pension funds and insurance companies and, to a lesser extent, department stores (for 
some consumer finance products) and car dealers. In addition, the GCC Group faces competition from shadow 
banking entities that operate outside the regulated banking system as well as from tech companies such as Amazon, 
Google and Apple and fintech companies. Furthermore, "crowdfunding" and other social media developments in 
finance are expected to become more popular as technology further continues to connect society. The GCC Group 
cannot be certain that this competition will not adversely affect its competitive position. 
The GCC Group also faces increased pressure to meet rising customer demands to provide new banking products. 
There is no guarantee that the GCC Group's management and employees will succeed in adopting new work 
methods and approaches to customer service that will keep up with the pace of change in the current banking 
environment, which may adversely affect its ability to successfully compete in its primary markets. 
If the GCC Group fails to implement strategies to maintain or enhance its competitive position relative to these 
improved banking institutions, the GCC Group's market share may deteriorate and this may have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
14. 
The GCC Group may generate lower revenues from brokerage and other commissions and fee-based 
operations. This could also affect the value of its portfolio.

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
 
Net fee and commission income represented 16.4% of the GCC Group's gross income for 31 December 2021 
and 21.4% for 31 December 2020 and is an important part of its overall profitability. 
Reduced fee and commission income from the GCC Group's commercial banking activities, due for example to 
commercial pressure such as competition from other financial institutions, court decisions, weak performance of 
foreign exchange markets or other financial markets or underperformance (compared to certain benchmarks or 
the GCC Group's competitors) by funds or accounts that the GCC Group manages or investment products that it 
sells, or declines in portfolio values due to adverse market conditions and increased client perceptions of risk from 
financial markets may have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
In an environment of economic recession and with the consequent impact on financial markets, the asset 
management business was affected, which implied an impact on reduction in fees resulting from the 
commercialisation of funds. Asset under management amounted to €6,405 million as of 31 December 2021, 
increasing by 26.7% on a year-on-year basis. In the future, these inflows will depend on the evolution and the 
volatility of the financial markets and customers' confidence. 
Regarding the consumer lending business, managed through the subsidiary GCC Consumo E.F.C, it may also be 
affected by the decrease in commission generation due to the slowdown in this type of product commercialisation. 
The above could also affect the value of the investment of the GCC Group in Cajamar Vida S.A Seguros y 
Reaseguros, due to the actuarial risk that affects the value and performance of insurance and pension products and 
that could be reduced.  
15. 
The GCC Group's admittance of new members may expose it to risks 
The GCC Group allocates management and planning resources of BCC to develop strategic plans for organic 
growth. BCC is also open to inorganic growth by evaluating applications from credit cooperatives if it believes 
they could offer additional value to its Members and are consistent with its business strategy. The GCC Group's 
ability to benefit from any such acquisitions will depend in part on its successful integration of those entities. The 
GCC Group can give no assurances that its expectations with regards to integration and synergies will materialise. 
The GCC Group also cannot provide assurance that it will, in all cases, be able to manage the GCC Group's growth 
effectively or deliver its strategic growth objectives.  
Challenges that may result from its strategic growth decisions and admitting new credit cooperatives into the GCC 
Group include its ability to manage efficiently the operations and employees of all Members of the GCC Group, 
maintain or grow its existing customer base, assess the value, strengths and weaknesses of investment or new 
member credit cooperatives, finance strategic investments, fully integrate strategic investments or new credit 
cooperatives in line with its strategy, align its current information technology systems adequately with those of 
an enlarged GCC Group, apply its risk management policy effectively to an enlarged GCC Group, and manage a 
growing number of Members without over-committing management or losing key personnel. Likewise, upon 
accepting the application of a credit cooperative into the GCC Group, despite the legal and business due diligence 
processes conducted in respect of such credit cooperatives in connection with their application, the GCC Group 
may subsequently uncover information that was not known to the GCC Group. 
Any failure to manage growth of the GCC Group effectively, including relating to any or all of the above 
challenges, could have a material adverse effect on its operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
Furthermore, the operational integration of entities which the GCC Group may admit as members could prove to 
be difficult and complex, and the benefits and synergies obtained from that integration may not be in line with 
expectations.  
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which contain 
particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such features including 
factors which may occur in relation to any Notes: 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the Issuer's option, for taxation reasons or upon the occurrence 
of a Capital Event or an Eligible Liabilities Event, subject to certain conditions. If the Issuer has the right to

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
 
redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not 
be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the Issuer's option, as further 
described in Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)). 
In addition, if the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of 
Spain or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein having power to tax (a "Tax Jurisdiction"), the 
Issuer may, at its option, redeem all outstanding Notes in whole, but not in part, in accordance with the Conditions 
of the Notes. The Notes may be also redeemed for taxation reasons if (i) the Issuer would not be entitled to claim 
a deduction in computing taxation liabilities in any Tax Jurisdiction in respect of any payment of interest to be 
made on the next Interest Payment Date or the value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced 
or (ii) if the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is materially affected. In each case, the Issuer may only redeem 
such Notes if such additional payment or inability to claim a tax deduction (as applicable) occurs or the applicable 
tax treatment of the Notes is materially affected as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes and, in the case of MREL Eligible 
Ordinary Senior Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes subject to the permission of the 
Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes), if and 
as applicable (if such permission is required) therefore under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) and may only take place in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) as further described 
in Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Additionally, if Issuer's Call is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer may choose to redeem 
the Notes, as further described in Condition 8.3 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)). Moreover, 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Clean-Up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer" is applicable to the 
Notes, the Issuer may have the option to redeem (in whole but not in part) a specific Series of Notes if a specific 
percentage, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of such 
Series have been previously redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, as further 
described in Condition 8.6 (Clean-Up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer). 
Furthermore and to the extent specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) if a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may 
redeem all, and not some only, of any Series of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes subject to such redemption being 
permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations then in force and subject to the prior permission of the 
Competent Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as applicable (if such permission is required), 
as further described in Condition 8.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes) and (ii) if an Eligible Liabilities Event occurs, MREL Eligible Ordinary Senior Notes, Senior Non Preferred 
Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject 
to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force, and subject to the prior permission of the Competent Authority 
and/or Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as applicable (if such permission is required), as further described in 
Condition 8.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Senior Subordinated Notes or 
Senior Notes).  It is not possible to predict whether any of the events referred to above will occur and so lead to 
the circumstances in which the Issuer is able to elect to redeem the Notes, and if so whether or not the Issuer will 
elect to exercise such option to redeem the Notes or, in the case where any prior permission of the Competent 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority for such redemption is required, whether such permission will 
be given. There can be no assurances that, in the event of any such early redemption, Noteholders will be able to 
reinvest the proceeds at a rate that is equal to the return on the Notes. 
Any optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, or during which there is an actual or perceived increased likelihood that the 
Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period if the market 
believes that the Notes may become eligible for redemption in the near term. 
The Issuer may redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those 
times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
 
high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
The Notes provide for limited events of default unless in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes where additional 
events of default may apply  
Without prejudice to the provisions of the last paragraph below, the Conditions of the Notes do not provide for 
any events of default, except in the case that an order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the 
winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer.  Accordingly, in the event that any payment on the Notes is not made 
when due, each Noteholder will have a claim only for amounts then due and payable on their relevant Notes but 
will have no right to accelerate such Notes unless proceedings for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer have 
been instigated. 
Notwithstanding the above and with respect to Ordinary Senior Notes not eligible to comply with MREL 
Requirements, if the Issuer so decides by applying additional events of default in the applicable Final Terms, each 
Noteholder will have an individual acceleration right in case certain events occur (including failure of payment 
on the Notes when due and cross default). 
For the avoidance of doubt, the above also applies to Green, Social or Sustainability Notes. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Notes 
The Issuer's obligation to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction in respect of taxes 
under the Notes applies only to payments of interest due and paid under such Notes and not to payments of 
principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the Notes to the extent 
that any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding or 
deduction were to apply to payments of principal under Notes, holders of Notes may receive less than the full 
amount due under the relevant Notes, and the market value of the relevant Notes may be adversely affected. 
Holders of such Notes should note that principal for these purposes will include any payments of premium. 
Conversion of the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, may affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest rate, and the conversion of the 
interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest 
basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may 
be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate 
may be lower than then prevailing market rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment 
in the relevant Notes. 
The interest rate on Fixed Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect interest 
payments on an investment in Fixed Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Fixed Reset Notes 
Fixed Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate until (but excluding) the First Reset Date. 
On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, 
the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset Margin as determined by 
the Principal Paying Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, adjusted as necessary, 
a "Subsequent Reset Rate"). The Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial 
Interest Rate or the Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the Fixed Reset Notes. 
Risks relating to Floating Rate Notes 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added 
or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate.  Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout 
the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the 
reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market 
conditions.  Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short-
term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
 
rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. Should the reference rate be 
at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating 
rate being lower than the relevant margin.  
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which 
are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and 
proposals for reform.  Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU.  Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within 
the UK.  The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology 
or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark.  More 
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability 
of quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it 
would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" 
which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and 
contracts in the euro area.  On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the 
new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area.  The €STR was published for the 
first time on 2 October 2019.   
While there is no plan to discontinue EURIBOR, its elimination or the elimination of any other benchmark, or 
changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 7(n) (Benchmark Replacement-
Independent Adviser), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes linked to such benchmark 
(including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is 
subject to reform).  Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of 
alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark 
during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities 
(including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other successor service)) becomes 
unavailable or a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the Conditions), as 
applicable, otherwise occurs.  Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series 
of Notes.  Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to 
a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if 
required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, although the application of such 
adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this objective.  Any such changes may result in the Notes performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply.  
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was 
last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
 
Conditions) in certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time. 
In addition, the EU Benchmarks Regulation was amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the 
cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a 
statutory replacement for said benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national authority in certain 
circumstances, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes) 
which contain no fallback provision or no suitable fallback provisions and where certain trigger events relating to 
non-representativeness or cessation or wind down of the benchmark are met. In general, parties can opt out of the 
statutory replacement where all parties, or the required majority of parties, to a contract or financial instrument 
have agreed to apply a different replacement for a benchmark before or after entry into force of the implementing 
act. A statutory replacement benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, 
certain Notes linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or 
may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark. However, there are still some 
uncertainties as to the application of these regulatory provisions as implementing acts must be adopted. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
arising from the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates - including those such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") and the euro short-term rate ("€STR"), as reference rates for Eurobonds 
continues to develop.  This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption 
of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such 
rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme.  The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index, 
SOFR, the SOFR Compounded Index or €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous Notes issued by it under this Programme.  The development of risk-free rates for the 
Eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market 
price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in 
the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in risk-free rate notes 
issued to date.  No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula 
in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance.  In addition, market participants 
and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including 
various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward 
expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different 
measures of such risk-free rates.  If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like 
the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes 
referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR or any related indices.

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
 
Risk-free rates may differ from the inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a limited 
history 
Risk-free rates may differ from the inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects.  These include 
(without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average 
basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are 
generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on 
interbank lending.  As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to 
interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes.  Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that 
represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an unsecured 
rate.  For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, 
been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.   
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.  The level of 
such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels.  Prior observed patterns, 
if any, in the behavior of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the 
future.  Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such 
risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, because risk-free rates are overnight funding rates, interest on Notes which reference such risk-free 
rate will be calculated on the basis of (a) the arithmetic mean of the relevant risk-free rate over the relevant Interest 
Period, where the Rate of Interest is fixed for a certain number of days prior to the end of such Interest Period or 
(b) a compounded risk-free rate (i) in respect of the Interest Period, provided that the risk-free rate used as the 
basis for calculation is that which was observed a specified number of days prior or (ii) in respect of a period that 
starts a specified number of days prior to the relevant Interest Period and ends the same specified number of days 
prior to the end of such Interest Period or (c) calculated by reference to the SOFR Compounded Index or SONIA 
Compounded Index published by the New York Federal Reserve or the Bank of England, respectively. As a 
consequence of the calculation methods, the amount of interest payable is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference 
such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, there is a 
possibility that such amount could be lower than expected and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade 
such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes.  
Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if Notes referencing backwards-looking rates 
become due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default), or are otherwise 
redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Rate of Interest Rate payable in respect 
of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on 
which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices may make changes that could change the 
value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related 
index 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (or their successors) 
as administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR (and the SOFR Compounded Index) or 
€STR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of these risk-free 
rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method by which such risk-free rate is calculated, eligibility 
criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, SOFR or €STR, or timing related to the publication 
of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related indices.  In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SOFR or €STR or any related index (in which case a fallback method of 
determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply).  The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests 
of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such risk-free rate.  The 
application of the net proceeds of Green, Social or Sustainability Notes as described in "Use of Proceeds" may 
not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor's investment criteria 
The application of the net proceeds of Green, Social or Sustainability Notes as described in "Use of Proceeds" 
may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor's investment criteria 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to 
apply an amount equal to the whole or a part of the net proceeds of the issue of those Notes (as at the date of 
issuance of such Notes) into Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or a combination of both (such Notes

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
 
being Green, Social or Sustainability Notes), as described in the Sustainable Bond Framework, as the case may 
be, in each case published on the website of the Issuer (see "Use of Proceeds"). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the Sustainable Bond Framework, as the 
case may be, and in the applicable Final Terms regarding the use of the net proceeds of those Green, Social or 
Sustainability Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in such Green, Social or Sustainability Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any 
eligible projects (as described in the applicable Final Terms) will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply (including, among others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy") and the EU Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act adopted by the European Commission on 21 April 2021 (jointly, the "EU Taxonomy 
Regulation") or, if and to the extent finally approved, the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on European green bonds, a draft of which was proposed by the European Commission on 6 July 2021 
with reference 2021/0191(COD) (the "draft European Green Bond Regulation"). 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "social" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green", "social" or 
"sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or 
consensus will develop over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change. The EU 
Taxonomy Regulation establishes a basis for the determination of such a definition in the EU. However, the EU 
Taxonomy remains subject to the implementation of delegated regulations by the European Commission on 
technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Likewise, 
the draft European Green Bond Regulation, includes a set of requirements that bonds and notes shall comply with 
in order to be labelled as "European Green Bonds". However, as at the date of this Offering Circular, it is unclear 
whether or not (i) the draft European Green Bond Regulation will be finally approved; and (ii) the draft European 
Green Bond Regulation will be subject to modifications or amendments before its approval. Accordingly, no 
assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any eligible projects 
(as described in the applicable Final Terms) will meet any or all investor expectations or any other requirements 
regarding such "green", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or 
requirements (including, without limitation, the requirements envisaged in the draft European Green Bond 
Regulation, if and to the extent finally approved) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts 
will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any eligible projects 
(as described in the applicable Final Terms). 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any report, 
assessment, opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may 
not be made available in connection with the issue of any Green, Social or Sustainability Notes and in particular 
with any eligible projects (as described in the applicable Final Terms) to fulfil any environmental, social, 
sustainability and/or other criteria.  Any such report, assessment, opinion or certification is not, nor shall be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Offering Circular.  Any such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Green, Social or Sustainability Notes.  Any such report, assessment, opinion or 
certification is only current as of the date it was issued.  Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such report, assessment, opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of such report, assessment, opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green, 
Social or Sustainability Notes.  Currently, the providers of such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications 
are not subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. 
In the event that any Green, Social or Sustainability Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
"green", "environmental", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply.  Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading 
may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another.  Nor is any representation or assurance given 
or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained 
in respect of any such Green, Social or Sustainability Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be maintained during the life of the Green, Social or Sustainability Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of any Green, Social or Sustainability Notes and 
obtain and publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions and certifications in, or substantially in the manner 
described in each case in the Final Terms, there is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance 
that the relevant project or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any project, will be capable of being implemented 
in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds 
will be totally or partially disbursed for such project or that the Issuer can obtain and publish the relevant reports 
or assessments.  Nor can there be any assurance that any eligible projects (as described in the Final Terms) will 
be completed within any specified period or at all, or that the maturity of an eligible green, social or sustainable 
asset or project will match the minimum duration of any such Green, Social or Sustainability Notes or with the 
results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Green, Social or Sustainability Notes for any 
eligible projects (as described in the applicable Final Terms) or to obtain and publish any such reports, assessments, 
opinions and certifications or a failure of any Notes to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their 
"green", "sustainable", "social" or equivalent characteristics, or the Notes ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading 
on any dedicated stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, will not (i) constitute a breach of or an event 
of default under the relevant Green, Social or Sustainability Notes or (ii) give rise to any other claim or right 
(including for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the Notes) of a holder of such Green, Social or 
Sustainability Notes against, or any other liability of, the Issuer or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem 
or repay such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Notes, or (iv) affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes as Tier 2 capital or 
eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL or to comply with MREL Requirements (as applicable), if such Notes 
are also Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL 
Requirements.  For the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant 
Green, Social or Sustainability Notes shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any 
preferred right against such assets. There will be no segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the Green, 
Social and Sustainability Notes and the relevant projects. Consequently, neither payments of principal and/or 
interest on the Green, Social and Sustainability Notes nor any rights of Noteholders shall depend on the 
performance of the relevant projects. Holders of any Green, Social and Sustainability Notes shall have no 
preferential rights or priority against the assets of any relevant project nor benefit from any arrangements to 
enhance the performance of the Notes. Finally, as further explained in the section headed "Loss absorbing powers 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation", Green, Social or Sustainability 
Notes will be subject to the bail-in tool and to write down and conversion powers, and in general to the powers 
that may be exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority to the same extent and with the same ranking as any 
other Note issued under the Programme (see "Risks Related to Early Intervention and Resolution" below). 
Likewise, Green, Social and Sustainability Notes, as any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of 
CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, 
proceeds from Green, Social or Sustainability Notes qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover 
all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their "green", "social" or "sustainable" label and regardless 
of whether the losses stem from "green", "social" or "sustainable" assets. There will be no arrangement that will 
enhance the performance of Green, Social or Sustainability Notes. Additionally, their labelling as Green, Social 
or Sustainability Notes (i) will not affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes as Tier 2 capital or eligible 
liabilities for the purposes of MREL (as applicable), if such Notes are also Subordinated Notes, Senior Non- 
Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes intended to be Eligible Liabilities; and (ii) will not have any impact on 
their status as indicated in Condition 3 (Status of the Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes). 
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Green, Social or Sustainability 
Notes, the withdrawal of any report, assessment, opinion or certification as described above, or any such report, 
assessment, opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters 
for which such report, assessment, opinion or certification is reporting, assessing, opining or certifying on, and/or 
any such Green, Social or Sustainability Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange 
or securities market, as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green, Social or 
Sustainability Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of any eligibility criteria, any 
verification of whether the Green, Social or Sustainability Notes meet any eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of 
the use of proceeds of the Green, Social or Sustainability Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
 
Risks Related to Early Intervention and Resolution 
The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation could materially affect the rights of the 
Noteholders under, and the value of, any Notes 
As further explained in the section headed "Loss absorbing powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority under 
Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation", the Notes may be subject to the bail-in tool (the Spanish Bail-in Power, 
as defined therein) and, in the case of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, and pursuant to the BRRD II ( implemented 
in Spain by means of Royal Decree-Law 7/2021, of 27 April ("RDL 7/2021"), which amended Law 11/2015 and 
Royal Decree 1041/2021, of 23 November ("RD 1041/2021"), which amended RD 1012/2015) and the SRM 
Regulation II (each as defined therein), Ordinary Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes that qualify as eligible liabilities to the write down and conversion powers (the Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption, as defined therein) contemplated in article 59 of BRRD and in general to the powers that may be 
exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined therein) under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation. 
The Issuer is recognised by the Competent Authority as a single point of entry for resolution purposes. In this 
sense, and since the Issuer is the parent company of the consolidated GCC Group, the Notes are available to absorb 
losses of any of the entities within the GCC Group and potentially to recapitalise the whole GCC Group (see 
"Description of the Issuer and the GCC Group"). 
To the extent that any resulting treatment of a Noteholder pursuant to the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power 
(as defined therein) (except as indicated below with respect to the Non-Viability Loss Absorption) is less 
favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, such 
Noteholder may have a right to compensation under the BRRD (as implemented in Spain) and the SRM Regulation 
based on an independent valuation of the institution, in accordance with Article 10 of RD 1012/2015 and the SRM 
Regulation. Any such compensation, together with any other compensation provided by any Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, among other such compensation, in accordance with Article 36.5 of Law 11/2015) is 
unlikely to compensate that Noteholder for the losses it has actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable 
delay in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation payments (if any) are also likely to be made 
considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due under the affected Notes. In addition, in the 
case of Non-Viability Loss Absorption effected prior to entry into resolution, there is uncertainty as to whether 
Noteholders would have a right to compensation under the BRRD and the SRM Regulation if any resulting 
treatment of such Noteholder pursuant to the exercise of Non-Viability Loss Absorption was less favourable than 
would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings. 
The powers set out in the BRRD (as amended by BRRD II) as implemented through Law 11/2015 (as amended 
by RDL 7/2021) and RD 1012/2015 (as amended by RD 1041/2021), and the SRM Regulation will impact how 
credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
Pursuant to Law 11/2015, Noteholders may be subject to, among other things, on any application of the Loss 
Absorbing Power a write-down (including to zero) or conversion into equity or other securities or obligations of 
amounts due under such Notes. The exercise of any such powers may result in such Noteholders losing some or 
all of their investment or otherwise having their rights under such Notes adversely affected. For example, the 
Spanish Bail-in Power may be exercised in such a manner as to result in Noteholders receiving a different security, 
which may be worth significantly less than the Notes. Moreover, the exercise of any power under Law 11/2015 
or the SRM Regulation with respect to the Notes or the taking by an authority of any other action, or any suggestion 
that the exercise or taking of any such action may happen, could materially adversely affect the rights of 
Noteholders, the market price or value or trading behaviour of any Notes and the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under any Notes. There may be limited protections, if any, that will be available to holders of securities 
subject to the Loss Absorbing Power (including the Notes) of the Relevant Resolution Authority. Accordingly, 
Noteholders may have limited or circumscribed rights to challenge any decision of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority to exercise its Loss Absorbing Power. Furthermore, the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend 
on a number of factors which may also be outside of the Issuer's control. In addition, as the Relevant Resolution 
Authority will retain an element of discretion, Noteholders may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria 
in order to anticipate any potential exercise of any such Loss Absorbing Power. Because of this inherent 
uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the exercise of any such powers by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority may occur. 
This uncertainty may adversely affect the value of the Notes. The price and trading behaviour of the Notes may 
be affected by the threat of a possible exercise of any power under Law 11/2015 or the SRM Regulation (including

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
 
any early intervention measure before any resolution) or any suggestion of such exercise, even if the likelihood 
of such exercise is remote. Moreover, the Relevant Resolution Authority may exercise any such power without 
providing any advance notice to the Noteholders. 
In addition to the BRRD (as amended by BRRD II), it is possible that the implementation and application of other 
relevant laws, such as the BCBS package of reforms to the regulatory capital framework for internationally active 
banks designed, in part, to ensure that capital instruments issued by such banks fully absorb losses before taxpayers 
are exposed to loss and any amendments thereto or other similar regulatory proposals, including proposals by the 
FSB on cross-border recognition of resolution actions, could be used in such a way as to result in the Notes 
absorbing losses in the manner described above. Any actions by the Relevant Resolution Authority pursuant to 
Law 11/2015, or the SRM Regulation, or other measures or proposals relating to the resolution of institutions, 
may adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of an investment in the Notes and/or BCC's 
ability to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
Noteholders will not be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the adoption of any 
early intervention or resolution measure under Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation 
The Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution pursuant to the BRRD, as implemented 
through Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015, and the SRM Regulation if the Issuer and/or the GCC Group is in 
breach (or due, among other things, to a rapidly deteriorating financial condition, it is likely in the near future to 
be in breach) of applicable regulatory requirements relating to solvency, liquidity, internal structure or internal 
controls or the conditions for resolution referred to above are met (see "Risks Related to Early Intervention and 
Resolution – The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation could materially affect the rights of 
the Noteholders under, and the value of, any Notes").  
Pursuant to Law 11/2015 the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure, including any additional 
measures to address or remove impediments to resolvability that may be included in Law 11/2015 (or otherwise) 
as a consequence of the EU Banking Reforms, shall not itself constitute an event of default or entitle any 
counterparty of the Issuer to exercise any rights it may otherwise have in respect thereof.  Any provision providing 
for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply, although this does not limit the ability of a counterparty to 
declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly where an event of default arises either before or 
after the exercise of any such procedure and does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or 
power which has been applied pursuant to Law 11/2015. 
Any enforcement by a Noteholder of its rights under the Notes upon the occurrence of an Event of Default 
following the adoption of any early intervention or any resolution procedure will, therefore, be subject to the 
relevant provisions of the BRRD, as implemented through Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015, and the SRM 
Regulation in relation to the exercise of the relevant measures and powers pursuant to such procedure, including 
the resolution tools and powers referred to above (see "Risks Related to Early Intervention and Resolution – The 
Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. Other 
powers contained in Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation could materially affect the rights of the Noteholders 
under, and the value of, any Notes").  Any claims on the occurrence of an Event of Default will consequently be 
limited by the application of any measures pursuant to the provisions of Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015 and the 
SRM Regulation.  There can be no assurance that the taking of any such action would not adversely affect the 
rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under the Notes and the enforcement by a holder of any rights it may otherwise have on the 
occurrence of any Event of Default may be limited in these circumstances.  
Risks applicable to Senior Notes 
Claims of Noteholders under Senior Notes are effectively junior to those of certain other creditors and claims 
of Noteholders under Senior Non Preferred Notes are further junior to those of other senior creditors 
Senior Notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. Upon the insolvency (concurso) of the 
Issuer, in accordance with the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 (but subject to any 
other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise)), the payment obligations 
of the Issuer under the Senior Notes in respect of principal (and unless they qualify as subordinated claims 
(créditos subordinados) pursuant to Article 281 of the Insolvency Law), will rank: (a) in the case of Ordinary 
Senior Notes: (i) senior to (A) any Senior Non Preferred Obligations (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes) 
and (B) any claims against the Issuer qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) under Article 281

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
 
of the Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future); and (ii) pari passu among 
themselves and with any other Senior Preferred Obligations (as defined in the Conditions of the Notes); and (b) 
in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes: (i) senior to any claims against the Issuer qualifying as subordinated 
claims (créditos subordinados) under Article 281 of the Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision which 
replaces it in the future); (ii) pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non Preferred Obligations 
and (iii) junior to any Senior Preferred Obligations. 
Senior Notes rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a privilege 
(créditos privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for the purposes of Additional Provision 14.1º 
of Law 11/2015) which shall be paid in full before ordinary credits. In addition, Senior Non Preferred Notes rank 
behind any other ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) against the Issuer, including without limitation, the Issuer's 
Senior Preferred Obligations. 
In addition, the payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of interest accrued but unpaid under the Senior Notes 
as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer will constitute subordinated claims 
(créditos subordinados) ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law and 
no further interest shall accrue from the date of the declaration of insolvency of the Issuer. 
Therefore, the Senior Notes will be effectively subordinated to all of the Issuer's secured indebtedness, to the 
extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and other obligations that rank senior under Spanish 
law. 
The Senior Notes are also structurally subordinated to all indebtedness of subsidiaries of the Issuer insofar as any 
right of the Issuer to receive any assets of such companies upon their winding-up will be effectively subordinated 
to the claims of the creditors of those companies in the winding-up. 
Risks applicable to Subordinated Notes 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of insolvency or resolution  
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated obligations (créditos 
subordinados) of the Issuer and will rank junior in priority of payment to all unsubordinated obligations (créditos 
ordinarios) of the Issuer (including any Senior Non Preferred Obligations (as defined in the Conditions of the 
Notes)).  Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is an enhanced risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its 
investment should the Issuer become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD (as implemented through 
Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015) and the SRM Regulation and the Subordinated Notes become subject to the 
application of the Spanish Bail-in Power (and, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption) or (ii) insolvent. 
In the case of any exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the sequence of 
any resulting write-down or conversion of the Notes under Article 48 of the BRRD, which is described in the 
section headed "Loss absorbing powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority under Law 11/2015 and the SRM 
Regulation".  
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be subject to Non-Viability Loss Absorption, which may be imposed prior to any 
insolvency or formal resolution procedure being initiated and prior to or in combination with any exercise of the 
Spanish Bail-in Power.  See "Risks Related to Early Intervention and Resolution 12.  The Notes may be subject to 
the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. Other powers contained in 
Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation could materially affect the rights of the Noteholders under, and the value 
of, any Notes". 
In an insolvency, after payment in full of unsubordinated and unsecured claims (créditos ordinarios), (including 
any senior non preferred claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes)) but before distributions to shareholders, 
under article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law read in conjunction with Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015 (as 
amended by RDL 7/2021), the Issuer will meet subordinated claims after payment in full of unsubordinated claims 
but before distributions to shareholders, in the following order and pro-rata within each class:  
(i) 
late or incorrect claims; 
(ii) 
contractually subordinated liabilities (which is expected to be the case for Senior Subordinated Notes);

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
 
(iii) 
interest (including accrued and unpaid interest due on Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes);  
(iv) 
fines;  
(v) 
claims of creditors which are specially related to the Issuer as provided for under the Insolvency Law;  
(vi) 
detrimental claims against the Issuer where a Spanish court has determined that the relevant creditor has 
acted in bad faith (rescisión concursal);  
(vii) 
credits deriving from contracts with reciprocal obligations corresponding to the Issuer's counterparty, or to 
the creditor, in case of restatement of financial agreements or of agreements for the acquisition of assets 
with a price to be paid in the future, when a judge considers, with a prior report of the insolvency 
administrators that the creditor repeatedly impedes the fulfilment of the contract against the interest of the 
insolvency. 
Pursuant to Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015, as amended by Royal Decree-law 7/2021, of 27 April, all 
claims arising from Tier 2 instruments (which is expected to be the case for Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) and 
Additional Tier 1 instruments, even if they are only partly recognised as Tier 2 instruments or Additional Tier 1 
instruments (as applicable), will rank behind any other subordinated claims included under article 281.1 of the 
Insolvency Law and will be paid after them.  As a result, all claims arising from Tier 2 instruments (which is 
expected to be the case for Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) and Additional Tier 1 instruments will rank behind all 
claims listed under (i) to (vii) above.  However, it is uncertain how the principal and any accrued and unpaid 
interest due on the Tier 2 instruments and Additional Tier 1 instruments will rank among them and the order in 
which they will be paid. 
Under the Insolvency Law, accrual of interest on the Notes shall be suspended from the date of the declaration of 
insolvency of the Issuer. 
Risks Relating to the Insolvency Law  
Impact of the Insolvency Law on the ranking of the Notes 
The Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if it is not reported 
to the insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within one month from the last official publication 
of the court order declaring the insolvency (if the insolvency proceeding is declared as abridged, the term to report 
may be reduced to fifteen days), (ii) provisions in a contract granting one party the right to terminate by reason 
only of the other's insolvency may not be enforceable, and (iii) accrual of unsecured interest (whether ordinary or 
default interest) shall be suspended from the date of the declaration of insolvency and any amount of interest 
accrued up to such date shall become subordinated. In the case of secured ordinary interest, (i) claims for such 
interest shall be deemed as specially privileged, and (ii) interest shall keep accruing after the declaration of 
insolvency up to the limit of the secured amount, and only if a contingent credit for secured ordinary interests that 
may accrue after the declaration of insolvency is included in the statement of claim to be sent to the insolvency 
administrator (in accordance with the Supreme Court judgment dated 20 February 2019). In the case of secured 
default interest, (i) claims for such interest shall be deemed as specially privileged, and (ii) interest shall not accrue 
after the declaration of insolvency (in accordance with the Spanish Supreme Court judgment dated 11 April 2019). 
Any payments of interest in respect of senior and senior subordinated debt securities will be subject to the 
subordination provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law. 
The Insolvency Law, in certain instances, also has the effect of modifying or impairing creditors' rights even if 
the creditor, either secured or unsecured, does not consent to the amendment.  Secured and unsecured dissenting 
creditors may be crammed down not only once the insolvency has been declared by the judge as a result of the 
approval of a creditors' agreement (convenio concursal), but also as a result of an out-of-court restructuring 
agreement (acuerdo de refinanciación pre-concursal) without insolvency proceedings having been previously 
opened (e.g., refinancing agreements which satisfy certain requirements and are validated by the judge), in both 
scenarios (i) to the extent that certain qualified majorities are achieved and (ii) unless some exceptions in relation 
to the kind of claim or creditor apply (which would not be the case for the Notes). 
In no case shall subordinated creditors be entitled to vote upon a creditors' agreement during the insolvency 
proceedings, and accordingly, shall always be subject to the measures contained therein, if passed. Additionally, 
liabilities from those creditors considered specially related persons for the purpose of Article 283 of the Insolvency 
Law would not be taken into account for the purposes of calculating the majorities required for the out-of-court 
restructuring agreement (acuerdo de refinanciación pre-concursal).

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 June 2019 on preventive 
restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency 
of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 
2017/1132 (Directive on restructuring and insolvency) is in the process of being transposed into Spanish law and, 
in that respect, the Spanish Government passed a draft bill (proyecto de ley) for the amendment of the Insolvency 
Law on 21 December 2021. This draft bill has been already submitted to the Spanish Congress and is expected to 
be discussed and approved in the coming months. The current draft bill foresees numerous changes to the 
Insolvency Law with respect to pre-insolvency mechanisms which are aimed at avoiding debtors from being 
declared insolvent. Noteholders may be affected by the content of the restructuring agreements, should these meet 
the necessary formalities and majority thresholds to be approved. 
In addition, pursuant to subsequent legislative initiatives that have been introduced in the Spanish judicial system 
to deal with the effects caused by COVID-19 pandemic since the State of Alarm that was declared on 14 March 
2020, the first one being Royal Decree-Law 8/2020 of 17 March, as of the date of this Offering Circular, in 
accordance with Royal Decree-Law 27/2021 of 23 November, debtors that are insolvent will not have the duty to 
file for insolvency proceedings, whether or not they have notified the judge that negotiations have been opened 
with creditors to reach a refinancing agreement, to reach an out-of-court payment agreement (acuerdo 
extrajudicial de pagos) or acceptances of a company voluntary arrangement (propuesta anticipada de convenio) 
until 30 June 2022 (inclusive). Additionally, until 30 June 2022 (inclusive), judges will not agree to process 
petitions for compulsory insolvency proceedings filed by creditors. However, if a debtor voluntarily files for 
insolvency on or before 30 June 2022, this petition will be processed as a priority even if it comes after creditors' 
petition for compulsory insolvency proceedings. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
The terms of the Notes contain a waiver of set-off rights 
The Conditions of the Notes provide that holders of Notes waive any deduction, set-off, netting or compensation 
rights arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any Note against any right, claim, or liability the 
Issuer has, may have or acquire against any Noteholder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising.  As a result, 
Noteholders will not at any time be entitled to set-off the Issuer's obligations under the Notes against obligations 
owed by them to the Issuer. In addition, the exercise of set-off rights in respect of the Issuer's obligations under 
the Notes upon the opening of a resolution procedure would be prohibited by Article 68 of BRRD (as implemented 
into Spanish law in accordance with Law 11/2015). 
Substitution of the Issuer 
If the conditions set out in Condition 20 (Substitution of the Issuer) of the Notes are met, the Issuer may, without 
the consent or sanction of the Noteholders, subject to such substitution being in compliance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) and subject to the 
prior permission of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as applicable (if 
such permission is required), be replaced and substituted by any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries or any other 
entity which is a Member to whom the Issuer shall have transferred the whole or a substantial part of its assets 
and liabilities pursuant to a Permitted Reorganisation as the principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising 
under or in connection with the Notes (the "Substituted Debtor"). In that case, the Noteholders will assume the 
risk that the Substituted Debtor may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect 
of the Notes. 
Risks relating to the Spanish withholding tax regime 
Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 sets out the reporting obligations applicable to preference shares and debt 
instruments issued under Law 10/2014 (the "Simplified Information Procedures") which are described under 
"Taxation - Simplified information procedures". The procedures apply to income payments deriving from 
preferred securities (participaciones preferentes) and debt instruments to which Law 10/2014 refers, including 
debt instruments issued at a discount for a period equal to or less than twelve months.  
According to the literal wording of Article 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, income derived from securities 
originally registered with the entities that manage clearing systems located outside Spain, and are recognised by 
Spanish law or by the law of another OECD country (such as Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg), will be 
paid free of Spanish withholding tax provided that the Principal Paying Agent appointed by the Issuer submits a 
statement to the Issuer, the form of which is included in the Agency Agreement.

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
 
In accordance with Article 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the Principal Paying Agent should provide the Issuer 
with the statement on the business day immediately prior to each interest payment date. The statement must reflect 
the situation at the close of business of that same day. In the event that on such date, the entity(ies) obliged to 
provide the declaration fail to do so, the Issuer or the Principal Paying Agent on its behalf will make a withholding 
at the general rate (currently 19%) on the total amount of the return on the relevant Notes or Coupons otherwise 
payable to such entity.  
The Issuer considers that, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007, any payments under the Notes or Coupons will 
be made by the Issuer free of Spanish withholding tax, provided that the Simplified Information Procedures 
described above (which do not require identification of the Noteholders or Couponholders) are complied with. 
Noteholders must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure the correct tax 
treatment of their Notes. None of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or any clearing 
system (including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) assume any responsibility therefor. 
If the Spanish Tax Authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer of withholding to 
payments made to Spanish tax residents (individuals and entities subject to Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)), the Issuer will be bound by the opinion and, with immediate effect, will make the appropriate 
withholding. If this is the case, identification of Noteholders or Couponholders may be required and the procedures, 
if any, for the collection of relevant information will be applied by the Issuer (to the extent required) so that it can 
comply with its obligations under the applicable legislation as interpreted by the Spanish Tax Authorities. If 
procedures for the collection of the Noteholders or Couponholders information are to apply, the Noteholders or 
Couponholders will be informed of such new procedures and their implications. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes or Coupons held by Spanish tax resident individuals and, under 
certain circumstances, by Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax and deposited with a Spanish resident 
entity acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes or Coupons may be subject to 
withholding by such depositary or custodian (currently 19%) and the Issuer will not be required to pay the relevant 
Noteholder or Couponholder additional amounts in respect of any such withholding tax. 
In particular, with regard to Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax, withholding could be made if it is 
concluded that the Notes or Coupons do not comply with the relevant exemption requirements and those specified 
in the Reply to a Non-Binding Consultation of the Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección General de 
Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 are deemed included among such requirements. According to this ruling, application 
of the exemption requires that, in addition to being traded on an organised market in an OECD country, the Notes 
or Coupons are placed outside Spain in another OECD country.  
Noteholders or Couponholders must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to 
ensure the correct tax treatment of their Notes or Coupons. None of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Principal Paying 
Agent or any clearing system (including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg) assume any responsibility 
therefore. 
The procedure described in this Offering Circular for the provision of information required by Spanish laws and 
regulations is a summary only and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer, assumes any responsibility therefor. In the 
event that the currently applicable procedures are modified, amended or supplemented by, among other things, 
any Spanish law, regulation, interpretation or ruling of the Spanish tax authorities, the Issuer will notify the holders 
of such information procedures and their implications, as the Issuer may be required to apply withholding tax on 
distributions in respect of the relevant securities if the holders do not comply with such information procedures. 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification and/or substitution 
without the consent of all or any investors 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing through the use of electronic consents.  
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
In addition, subject as provided herein, in particular to the provisions of Condition 21 (Substitution and Variation), 
if a Capital Event, an Eligible Liabilities Event or a circumstance giving rise to the right to early redeem MREL 
Eligible Ordinary Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes or Senior Non Preferred Notes for taxation reasons, occurs,

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
 
the Issuer may, at its option, and without the consent or approval of the Noteholders, elect either (i) to substitute 
all (but not some only) of the Notes or (ii) to vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes (including, in 
the case of English Law Notes, changing the governing law of such Notes from English law to Spanish law), in 
each case so that they are substituted for, or varied to, become or remain Qualifying Notes. While Qualifying 
Notes must contain terms that are materially no less favourable to Noteholders as the original terms of the relevant 
Notes, there can be no assurance that the terms of any Qualifying Notes will be viewed by the market as equally 
favourable, or that the Qualifying Notes will trade at prices that are equal to the prices at which the Notes would 
have traded on the basis of their original terms. In the case of the English Law Notes, any change in the governing 
law of such Notes from English law to Spanish law, so that the English Law Notes become or remain Qualifying 
Notes, shall not be subject to the requirement to be not materially less favourable to the interests of the Noteholders 
of the English Law Notes. 
Further, prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard to 
the tax position of individual Noteholders or to the tax consequences of any such substitution or variation for 
individual Noteholder.  No Noteholder shall be entitled to claim, whether from the Paying Agent, the Issuer, or 
any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution or 
variation upon individual Noteholders.  
Reliance on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
The Notes will be represented on issue by Global Notes that will be deposited with a common depositary or 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg (as the case may be).  Except in the circumstances described in the Global Notes, 
investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in definitive form.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes.  
While the Notes are represented by the Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective participants.  
While the Notes are represented by the Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under the 
Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems.  A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global 
Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under 
the Notes.  The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes.  
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes. Instead, 
such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant clearing system and 
its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under such Notes to take 
enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes (except to the extent that 
they may rely, in the case of English Law Notes, upon Condition 4 (Direct Rights) and their rights under the Deed 
of Covenant and, in the case of Spanish Law Notes, upon Condition 4 (Direct Rights) and under the provisions of 
the relevant Global Notes). 
Conflicts of interest between the Calculation Agent and Noteholders 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including a 
Dealer acting as a Calculation Agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that such 
Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes which may influence the amounts that can 
be received by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme.  
In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is involved, 
in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may 
arise.  Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to 
manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions 
involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term 
and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed 
to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets.  In addition, liquidity may be 
limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors.  Therefore, investors may not be 
able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market.  This is particularly the case should the Issuer be or be perceived in 
financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a substantial discount to their principal 
amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities.   
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in 
those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes (including on 
an unsolicited basis).  The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all the risks related to structure, market 
and additional factors discussed above and do not address the price, if any, at which the Notes may be resold prior 
to maturity (which may be substantially less than the original offering prices of the Notes), and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes.  However, real or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit rating will generally 
affect the market value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  Such general restriction will also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not 
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list.  Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the 
cover of this Offering Circular. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of the 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, UK regulated investors are 
required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating 
agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) 
issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note 
this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, 
not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In 
the case of ratings issued or endorsed by an EU-based CRA that is not registered with the FCA, they will still be 
available for regulatory use in the UK up to 1 year after the end of the transition period. This excludes any new 
credit ratings, or credit ratings that undergo a subsequent rating change. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the 
EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may impact the 
value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Offering Circular should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents, which have 
previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Offering Circular, have been filed with the 
CBI and are incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular: 
1- 
an English language translation of the independent auditors' report, consolidated annual accounts and 
Directors' report as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 available for viewing on: 
https://www.bcc.es/storage/documents/2-ccaa-grupo-consolidado-con-opinion-2f4c5.pdf 
2- 
an English language translation of the independent auditors' report, consolidated annual accounts and 
Directors' report as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 available for viewing on: 
https://www.bcc.es/storage/documents/ccaacc-bcc-2021-traducidas-8a3b2.pdf  
3- 
an English language translation of the unaudited First Quarter 2022 Consolidated Results available for 
viewing on: 
 
https://www.bcc.es/storage/documents/9-dates-quarterly-results-gcc-2022-03-12d56.pdf  
4- 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 5 June 2020, at 
pages 67-127, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, available at:  
https://www.bcc.es/storage/documents/emtn-bcc-062020-ddede.pdf  
5- 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 16 June 2021, at 
pages 78-143, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, available at: 
https://www.bcc.es/storage/documents/bcc-emtn-update-2021-offering-circular-approval-
10206442671-1-bcfb0.pdf 
The audited consolidated annual accounts for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021 indicated above have 
been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
(the "IFRS-EU"), considering the Bank of Spain's Circular 4/2017, of 27 November, and any other legislation 
governing financial reporting applicable to the GCC Group. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular.  
Pursuant to Spanish regulatory requirements, Directors' reports are required to accompany the audited 
consolidated annual accounts as of and for each of the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021. Investors are 
cautioned that the Directors' reports contain information as of various historical dates and may not contain a 
current description of the business, affairs or results of the GCC Group.  The information contained in the 
Directors' reports has not been audited or prepared for the specific purpose of the issue of the Notes and/or this 
Offering Circular. Accordingly, the Directors' reports should be read together with the other sections of this 
Offering Circular, and particularly "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer and the GCC Group".  Any 
information contained in the Directors' reports is deemed to be modified or superseded by any information 
contained elsewhere in this Offering Circular that is subsequent to or inconsistent with it.  Furthermore, the 
Directors' reports include certain forward-looking statements that are subject to inherent uncertainty. 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such supplement 
(or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, 
by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Offering Circular or 
in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular.  Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Offering Circular.

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached.  Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on 
Regulation S and Registered Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on the registration safe 
harbour provided by Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a "Temporary Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global 
note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note" and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a "Bearer 
Global Note") which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); and 
 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for NGNs 
will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) 
and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be 
made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note is not 
intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect 
that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who 
have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has 
given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for definitive Bearer 
Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless 
such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. persons 
will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes.  The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be 
entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, 
upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer 
Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) 
without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
 
Event of Default (as defined in Condition 11 (Events of Default) has occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the Issuer 
has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention 
permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available, or (iii) the 
Notes are required to be removed from both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and no alternative clearing 
system is available.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) 
if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may 
give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice 
by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes 
(other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes), receipts and interest coupons relating to such Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect 
of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes, receipts or 
interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
"Registered Global Note") 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are to be 
held under the new safe-keeping structure (the "NSS"), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common depositary of, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or 
required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive 
Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be so 
held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time 
during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The common 
safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the absence 
of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 7.4 (Payments 
in respect of Registered Notes) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, any 
Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, in 
the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in Condition 7.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes) immediately preceding the due date 
for payment in the manner provided in that Condition.

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive 
Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event.  For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
or (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system 
is available or (iii) the Notes are required to be removed from both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
no alternative clearing system is available.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any 
holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any 
such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the extent 
applicable. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal Paying 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with 
an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned 
to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a 
single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation 
S) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.   
Except in relation to Notes issued in NGN form, any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or 
alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 11 (Events of 
Default).  In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Notes and payment in 
full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note then from 8.00 
p.m. (London time) on such day each account holder which has Notes represented by such Global Note credited 
to its securities account with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, will become entitled 
to proceed directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and will acquire all those rights that it would have had if at the relevant time it held, executed and 
authenticated definitive Notes in respect of the relevant Notes (including the right to claim and receive all 
payments due at any time in respect of the relevant Notes) subject to and in accordance with Condition 4 (Direct 
Rights) and, in the case of English Law Notes, the terms of a deed of covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 
25 May 2022 and executed by the Issuer, and, in the case of the Spanish Law Notes, under the terms of the Global 
Note. 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Bearer Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche the Bearer Global Notes will be delivered to a Common Safekeeper and 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be informed whether or not the Bearer Notes are intended to be held 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem (the 
"Eurosystem eligible collateral").  
Depositing the Bearer Global Notes intended to be held as Eurosystem eligible collateral with a Common 
Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes will be recognised as Eurosystem eligible collateral 
either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.  In the case of Bearer Notes issued in NGN 
form which are not intended to be held as Eurosystem eligible collateral as of their issue date, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the future so that such Notes are capable of meeting the eligibility 
criteria, such Bearer Notes may then be deposited with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as Common 
Safekeeper.

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturerꞌs product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU, (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturersꞌ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[ꞌs/sꞌ] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]6 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any [person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") / distributor] should take into consideration the 
manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PRIIPs / IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area ("EEA").  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  Consequently, no key information document ("KID") required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]7  
[UK PRIIPs / IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
 
6  
Legend to be included if the product governance requirements under MiFID II apply to the relevant Tranche 
in accordance with Directive (EU) 2021/338 (as implemented in the relevant Member States). 
7  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms (i) if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be prepared or (ii) the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail 
investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation.]8  
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as 
modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to 
sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets 
products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore).] 
[Date] 
BANCO DE CRÉDITO SOCIAL COOPERATIVO, S.A. 
(LEI: 95980020140005881190) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EURO 3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions of the Notes set forth 
in the Offering Circular dated 25 May 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and any implementing measure in a 
relevant Member State of the European Economic Area (the "Offering Circular").  This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Offering Circular has 
been published on the website of the Issuer at www.bcc.es. In addition, if the Notes are to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, copies of the Final Terms will be published on the website of the 
Issuer at www.bcc.es. 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended.  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Offering Circular dated [5 June 2020 / 16 June 2021] [under the section entitled ["Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes"] [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]] which [is/are] incorporated by 
reference in the Offering Circular dated 25 May 2022.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering 
Circular dated 25 May 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Offering Circular"), including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular in order to obtain all relevant information.   The Offering 
Circular has been published on the website of the Issuer at www.bcc.es.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in which case 
the subparagraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote directions for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
1 
Issuer: 
Banco de Crédito Social Cooperativo, S.A.  
2 
 
 
 
(a) Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b)  
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
 
8  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK 
retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
 
(c)  
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph [   ] below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) Series: 
[         ] 
(b) Tranche: 
[         ] 
5 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6 
 
(a)  
Specified Denominations: 
 
(a)  
[         ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) in the case of Notes to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II and be in integral multiples of 
€100,000 (or the Specified Denomination)) 
(b) Calculation 
Amount 
(in 
relation 
to 
calculation of interest in global form see 
Conditions): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7 
  
 
(a) Issue Date: 
[         ] 
(b) Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
(Notes may not have a maturity of less than one year 
from the date of their issue) 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Fixed Reset Notes] 
 
[[[         ] month [EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR]]  
+/- [         ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/ [16] below) 
10 Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount 
11 Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs [14] and 
[16 below and identify there][Not Applicable]

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
 
12 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put pursuant to Condition 8.7 of the 
Conditions of the Notes is [Applicable / Not 
Applicable] [see paragraph 22 below]] 
 
[Issuer Call pursuant to Condition 8.3 of the 
Conditions of the Notes is [Applicable / Not 
Applicable] [see paragraph 20  below]] 
 
[Issuer Call – Capital Event pursuant to Condition 8.4 
of the Conditions of the Notes is [Applicable / Not 
Applicable] [see paragraph 18 below]]] 
 
[Issuer Call – Eligible Liabilities Event pursuant to 
Condition 8.5 of the Conditions of the Notes is 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] [see paragraph 19 
below]]] 
 
[Issuer Call – Clean-Up Redemption Option pursuant 
to Condition 8.6 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes is [Applicable/Not Applicable][see paragraph 
21 below]] 
13   
 
 
(a) Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes – Ordinary Senior Notes] 
[Senior Notes – Senior Non Preferred Notes] 
[Subordinated Notes – Senior Subordinated Notes] 
[Subordinated Notes – Tier 2 Subordinated Notes] 
(b) ( 
 [Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes [and Guarantee] obtained: 
[         ] [and [         ], respectively]] [Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes or related Guarantee)  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date, with the first Interest Payment Date falling on [   
] 
(c) Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to Notes in 
global form see Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) Broken Amount(s) for Notes in definitive 
form (and in relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon) 
15 Fixed Reset Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
 
(a) Initial Interest Rate: 
[     ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi -
annually/quarterly] in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date] 
(b) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[     ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
(c) Fixed Coupon Amount to (but excluding) the 
First Reset Date: 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(d) Broken Amount(s): 
[[     ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) (Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) Determination Date(s): 
[[        ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(g) First Reset Date: 
[       ] 
(h) Second Reset Date: 
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[       ] [and [      ]] 
(j) Reset Margin: 
[+/-][       ] per cent. per annum 
(k) Relevant Screen Page: 
[       ] 
(l) Floating Leg Reference Rate: 
[       ] 
(m) Floating Leg Screen Page: 
[       ] 
(n) Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[     ] per cent. per annum (quoted on a[n annual/semi-
annual basis]) 
(o) Calculation Agent: 
[Specify entity responsible for seeking quotations in 
accordance with Condition 6.2] 
 
[For an issue of Floating Rate Notes, the Calculation 
Agent cannot be Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
as Principal Paying Agent] 
16 Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(c) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(d) Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) Party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[         ] 
(f) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•][•] 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SONIA 
compounded Index/SOFR Compounded Index]

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
 
• 
Observation Method: 
[Lag / Observation Shift] 
• 
Lag Period: 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days/Not 
Applicable] 
• 
Observation Shift Period 
[5 / [     ] TARGET Settlement Days/U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days/London Banking Days /Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 should be specified for the Lag 
Period or Observation Shift Period, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Calculation Agent) 
• 
D: 
[360/365/[      ]] / [Not Applicable] 
• 
Index Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
SONIA Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
SOFR Compounded Index 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Relevant Decimal Place 
[  ] [5/7] (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms, be the fifth decimal place in the case of the 
SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal 
place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index) 
• 
Relevant Number of Index Days 
[  ] [5] (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
the Relevant Number shall be 5) 
[END OF OPTION] 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ (select where Interest Determination Date 
has the meaning specified in Condition 6.3(b)(III), 
(IV) or (V) [•] [London Banking Days/U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days/TARGET 
Settlement Days] prior to each Interest Payment Date] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
• 
Relevant Time : 
[•] 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre : 
[•] 
(g) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from 
one of EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) / EUR-EuroSTR / EUR-EuroSTR 
Compounded Index / GBP SONIA / GBP SONIA 
Compounded Index  USD-SOFR / USD-SOFR 
Compounded Index (each as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions).  These are the options envisaged by the 
terms and conditions) 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•]  
(Delegated Maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk free rate) 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the Business Day Convention set

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
 
out in [(v)] above and as specified in the ISDA 
Definitions]  
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Applicable Business Days]  
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shfit 
Business Days  
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•] / [Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days  
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
[Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [•] Appplicable Business Days]  
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days  
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lookout: [•] Lockout Period Business Days  
Lockout Period Business Days: [•]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
• 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift  
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business days 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
(h) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(i) Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(k) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(l) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed)

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(m) Calculation Agent: 
[Specify entity responsible for seeking quotations in 
accordance with Condition 6.3] 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17 Notice periods for Condition 8.2 of the 
Conditions of the Notes (Redemption for tax 
reasons): 
Minimum period: [30] days  
Maximum period: [60] days  
18 Call Option Capital Event (Condition 8.4 of the 
Conditions of the Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (may only be applicable 
for Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) 
19 Eligible Liabilities Event (Condition 8.5 of the 
Conditions of the Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (may only be applicable 
for MREL Eligible Ordinary Senior Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes) 
20 Issuer Call (Condition 8.3 of the Conditions of the 
Notes): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) Optional Redemption Period: 
[         ] / [Not Applicable] 
(c) Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount] 
(d) If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[         ] 
(e)  
Notice periods: 
Minimum period [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [60] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.) 
21 Clean-Up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(pursuant to Condition 8.6 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes):  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) Clean-Up Percentage: 
[[75] per cent. / [•] per cent.] 
(b) Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Note / [•] 
22 Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) Optional Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [60] days. 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.) 
23 Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
24 Early Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
25 Ordinary Senior Notes optionality (Events of 
Default (Condition 11 of the Conditions of the 
Notes)): 
(Note that this paragraph provides additional 
optionality if Senior Notes are intended to qualify as 
eligible liabilities) 
 
[Condition 11.1 of the Conditions of the Notes [Not] 
Applicable] [Condition 11.2 of the Conditions of the 
Notes [Not] Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26 Form of Notes: 
 
(a) Form: 
[Bearer Notes:[Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(b)  [New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]] 
27 Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which subparagraphs 16(c) relates) 
28 Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange into

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
still to be made/No] 
29  
Governing law (Condition 22): 
[English law/Spanish law] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of Banco de Crédito Social 
Cooperativo, S.A. 
 
 
 
By:  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1- LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application [has been]/[will be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to 
be admitted to [the Official List of Euronext Dublin] 
and admitted to trading on [the regulated market of 
Euronext Dublin] with effect from [         ].] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
Trade date: 
[         ] 
2- RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].   
 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is 
established in the European Union and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "CRA Regulation")][[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority] /[European Securities and 
Markets Authority].  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears 
on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) 
on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
is neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation").  
 
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is 
established and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
but the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
 
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation but CRA is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
but is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). 
 
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA nor 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation  
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation. 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3- INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - 
Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Offering 
Circular under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4- REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
 
(i) 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[General financing requirements of the GCC Group / 
Other – if reasons for the offer are different from 
general financial requirements and there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will need to 
be stated here] [The Notes are intended to be issued as 
[Green Notes / Social Notes / Sustainability Notes] 
and the net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes will 
be used as described in "Use of Proceeds" in the 
Offering Circular] 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
5- YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
6- OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] 
 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this text 
for Registered Notes which are to be held under the 
NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of 
one 
of 
the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper][include this text for Registered Notes].  
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
7- DISTRIBUTION  
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
KID will be prepared in the UK, "Applicable" should 
be specified.)

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each Global 
Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange 
or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not 
so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and 
Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached 
to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description 
of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Banco de Crédito Social Cooperativo, S.A. (the 
"Issuer") pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated "Agency Agreement" 
(such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 25 May 2022 and made between the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as principal 
paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) 
and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg, S.A. as registrar 
(the "Registrar", which expression shall include any successor registrar) and a transfer agent and the other transfer 
agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression shall include any 
additional or successor transfer agents).  The Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and, the Paying Agents, and 
other Transfer Agents together referred to as the "Agents". 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions").  References to the 
"applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  In the Conditions, the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended.  
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Bearer Notes which, 
when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons 
("Talons") attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have 
Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference 
herein to "Couponholders" shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons.  
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms 
and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement 
Dates and/or Issue Prices.

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
 
In the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being governed by English law, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of an amended and restated Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Deed of Covenant") dated 25 
May 2022 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary for 
Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). In the case of Notes specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being governed by Spanish law, the rights of the Noteholders to proceed directly 
against the Issuer in the relevant circumstances as provided for in the Deed of Covenant in the case of English law 
governed Notes, are provided for directly under Condition 4 (Direct Rights) and the terms of the relevant Global 
Notes. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant (i) are available for inspection or collection during 
normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents or the Issuer and provision of proof of 
holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be).  If the 
Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext 
Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"), the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Issuer 
(www.bcc.es).  The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the 
benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms 
which are applicable to them.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and 
provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then applicable to the Issuer and/or the GCC 
Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD, the SRM Regulation 
and those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or 
solvency then in effect of the Competent Authority, in each case to the extent then in effect in Spain (whether or 
not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally 
or specifically to the Issuer and/or the GCC Group) (in all cases, as amended from time to time). 
"Applicable MREL Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
giving effect to the MREL including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD, 
the SRM Regulation and those laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies giving effect to the MREL, 
in each case to the extent then in effect in Spain (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have 
the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the GCC Group) 
(in all cases, as amended from time to time). 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" means Additional Tier 1 capital (capital de nivel 1 adicional) as provided under 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
"Additional Tier 1 Instrument" means any contractually subordinated obligation of the Issuer constituting an 
Additional Tier 1 instrument (instrumento de capital de nivel 1 adicional) in accordance with Applicable Banking 
Regulations and as referred to in Additional Provision 14.3.3º of Law 11/2015, as amended or replaced. 
"Banking Business" means, in relation to any entity:  
(a) 
banking business as ordinarily carried on or permitted to be carried on at the relevant time by banking 
institutions in the country in which such entity is incorporated or carries on business; or  
(b) 
the seeking or obtaining from members of the public of moneys by way of deposit; or

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
 
(c) 
any other part of the business of such entity which an expert (which expression shall for this purpose 
include any officer of the Issuer) nominated in good faith for such purpose by the Issuer or such entity 
shall certify to the Agent to be part of, or permitted to be part of, such entity's banking business. 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms or such other directive as may amend or come into effect in place 
thereof (including the BRRD II), as implemented into Spanish law by Law 11/2015  (as amended by RDL 7/2021) 
and RD 1012/2015 (as amended by RD 1041/2021), as amended or replaced from time to time and including any 
other relevant implementing regulatory provisions. 
"BRRD II" means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions 
and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Competent Authority" means the European Central Bank or such other or successor authority exercising 
primary bank supervisory authority, or any other entity or institution carrying out such duties on its/their behalf 
(including the Bank of Spain), in each case with respect to prudential matters in relation to the Issuer and/or the 
GCC Group. 
"CRD IV" means any or any combination of the CRD IV Directive, the CRR, and any CRD IV Implementing 
Measures. 
"CRD IV Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment 
firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC or such other 
directive as may come into effect in place thereof (in all cases, as amended from time to time, including by the 
CRD V Directive). 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV Directive or 
the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing 
acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, and 
regulations and guidelines issued by the Competent Authority, the European Banking Authority or any other 
relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a stand-alone basis) or the GCC Group (on a consolidated 
basis) including, without limitation, Law 10/2014, as amended from time to time, RD 84/2015, as amended from 
time to time, and any other regulation, circular or guidelines implementing CRD IV. 
"CRD V Directive" means Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures. 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26th June 2013 
on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) 
No. 648/2012 or such other regulation as may come into effect in place thereof, (in all cases, as amended from 
time to time, including by CRR II). 
"CRR II" means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. 
"Definitive Bearer Note" means a Bearer Note in definitive form issued or, as the case may require, to be issued 
by the Issuer in exchange for all or (in the case of a Temporary Bearer Global Note) part of a Global Note in 
bearer form, the Definitive Bearer Note being in or substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement 
with such modifications (if any) as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the relevant 
Dealer and having the Conditions endorsed on it or, if permitted by the relevant authority or authorities and agreed 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, incorporated in it by reference and having the applicable Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions of the applicable Final Terms) either incorporated in it or endorsed on it and having 
Coupons and, where appropriate, Talons attached to it on issue.

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
 
"Definitive Notes" means Definitive Bearer Notes and/or, as the context may require, Definitive Registered Notes.  
"Definitive Registered Note" means a Registered Note in definitive form issued or, as the case may require, to 
be issued by the Issuer either on issue or in exchange for all of a Registered Global Note, the Registered Note in 
definitive form being in or substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement with such modifications (if 
any) as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the relevant Dealer and having the 
Conditions endorsed on it or attached to it or, if permitted by the relevant authority or authorities and agreed by 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, incorporated in it by reference and having the applicable Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions of the applicable Final Terms) either incorporated in it or endorsed on it or attached to it. 
"Eligible Liabilities" means any liability which complies with the requirements set out in Applicable MREL 
Regulations to qualify as eligible liabilities for MREL purposes. 
"English Law Notes" means Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify English law as the governing law 
of the Notes. 
"EU Banking Reforms" means the CRD V Directive, BRRD II, CRR II and the SRM Regulation II. 
"GCC Group" means the Issuer, each Member and each of their respective Subsidiaries. 
"Guarantee" means any obligation of any Person to pay any Relevant Indebtedness of another Person including 
(without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Relevant Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase assets or 
services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Relevant Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Relevant Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Relevant Indebtedness. 
"Insolvency Law" means the restated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Legislative Royal 
Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido 
de la Ley Concursal), as amended or replaced. 
"Law 10/2014" means Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the organisation, supervision and solvency of credit institutions 
(Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia de entidades de crédito), as amended or 
replaced. 
"Law 11/2015" means Law 11/2015 of 18 June on the Recovery and Resolution of Credit Institutions and 
Investment Firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y empresas 
de servicios de inversión), as amended or replaced (including, without limitation, as amended by RDL 7/2021). 
"Member" means each entity, from time to time, who is a party, or who has acceded to the Regulating Agreement, 
or any agreement which may amend or replace it from time to time and whose accession has been authorised by 
the Competent Authority.  
"MREL" means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for credit institutions under the 
BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 et seq. of the BRRD (as transposed in Spain), the CRR, Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016, supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the 
methodology for setting the minimum requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities, or any successor 
requirement under EU legislation and relevant implementing legislation and regulation in Spain. 
"MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred Instrument" means an instrument included in the Eligible Liabilities which 
are available to meet the MREL Requirements for the purposes of the Applicable MREL Regulations where such 
instrument ranks pari passu with the Senior Preferred Obligations of the Issuer.  
"MREL-Eligible Senior Non Preferred Instrument" means an instrument included in the Eligible Liabilities 
which are available to meet the MREL Requirements for the purposes of the Applicable MREL Regulations where 
such instrument ranks pari passu with the Senior Non Preferred Obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
 
 
"MREL Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities applicable to 
the Issuer and/or the GCC Group under Applicable MREL Regulations. 
"Permitted Guarantee" means any guarantee arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of Banking 
Business. 
"Permitted Security Interest" means:  
(a) 
a Security Interest arising by operation of law or in the ordinary course of Banking Business; or 
(b) 
a Security Interest created or arising in respect of the Issuer's obligations to Banco de España, any other 
Central Bank of a member state of the European Union, the European Central Bank or any successor to 
such entities for the time being carrying on the function of a central bank in Spain or within the European 
Union; 
For the avoidance of doubt, any issue of cédulas hipotecarias, bonos hipotecarios, participaciones hipotecarias, 
certificados de transmisión de hipoteca, cédulas territoriales, cédulas de internacionalización or bonos de 
internacionalización and any other asset backed financial instrument shall be deemed issued in the ordinary course 
of Banking Business. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, organisation, 
state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
"RD 1012/2015" means Royal Decree 1012/2015 of 6 November 2015, implementing Law 11/2015 (Real 
Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación 
y resolución de entidades de crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión, y por el que se modifica el Real 
Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de diciembre, sobre fondos de garantía de depósitos de entidades de crédito), as 
amended or replaced. 
"RD 84/2015" means Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, implementing Law 10/2014 (Real Decreto 84/2015, 
de 13 de febrero, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 10/2014, de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervisión y solvencia 
de entidades de crédito), as amended or replaced. 
"RD 1041/2021" means Royal Decree 1041/2021, of 23 November, amending Royal Decree 2606/1996, Royal 
Decree 1012/2015 and Royal Decree 2606/1996 (Real Decreto 1041/2021, de 23 de noviembre, por el que se 
modifican el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de diciembre, sobre fondos de garantía de depósitos de entidades de 
crédito; y el Real Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, 
de recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y empresas de servicios de inversión, y por el que se modifica 
el Real Decreto 2606/1996, de 20 de diciembre, sobre fondos de garantía de depósitos de entidades de crédito). 
"RDL 7/2021" means Royal Decree-Lay 7/2021, of 27 April, on implementation of European Directives (Real 
Decreto-ley 7/2021, de 27 de abril, de transposición de directivas de la Unión Europea en las materias de 
competencia, prevención del blanqueo de capitales, entidades de crédito, telecomunicaciones, medidas 
tributarias, prevención y reparación de daños medioambientales, desplazamiento de trabajadores en la 
prestación de servicios transnacionales y defensa de los consumidores). 
"Regulating Agreement" means the regulating agreement of the GCC Group whose current wording was 
unanimously approved by the General Meeting of the Members of GCC Group on 12 December 2018. 
"Relevant Account Holder" means any account holder with a Relevant Clearing System which has Underlying 
Notes credited to its securities account from time to time (other than any Relevant Clearing System which is an 
account holder of any other Relevant Clearing System). 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or any other clearing system or systems as is specified in Part B of the Final 
Terms relating to any Note. 
"Relevant Entity" means, at any particular time, any entity forming part of the GCC Group (each an "entity"): 
(a) 
whose net assets represent not less than 15 per cent. of the net consolidated assets of the GCC Group as 
calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or, if the entity itself has Subsidiaries,

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
 
 
consolidated accounts) of such entity and the most recently published audited consolidated accounts of 
the GCC Group; or 
(b) 
whose gross revenues represent not less than 15 per cent. of the gross consolidated revenues of the GCC 
Group, all as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or, if the entity itself has 
Subsidiaries, consolidated accounts) of such entity and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of 
the GCC Group. 
For the purposes of the definitions of Relevant Entity: 
(i) 
if there shall not at any time be any relevant audited consolidated accounts of the GCC Group, 
references thereto herein shall be deemed to be references to a consolidation (which need not 
be audited) by the Issuer of the relevant audited accounts of the GCC Group; 
(ii) 
if, in the case of an entity which itself has Subsidiaries, no consolidated accounts are prepared 
and audited, its consolidated net assets and consolidated gross revenues shall be determined 
on the basis of pro forma consolidated accounts (which need not be audited) of the relevant 
entity and its Subsidiaries prepared for this purpose by the Issuer; 
(iii) 
if (A) any entity shall not in respect of any relevant financial period for whatever reason produce 
audited accounts or (B) any entity shall not have produced at the relevant time for the 
calculations required pursuant to this definition audited accounts for the same period as the 
period to which the latest audited consolidated accounts of the GCC Group relate, then there 
shall be substituted for the purposes of this definition the management accounts of such entity 
for such period; 
(iv) 
where any Subsidiary of an entity is not wholly owned by the entity there shall be excluded from 
all calculations all amounts attributable to minority interests; 
(v) 
in calculating any amount all amounts owing by or to the Issuer and any entity to or by the 
Issuer and any entity shall be excluded; and 
(vi) 
in the event that accounts of any companies being compared are prepared on the basis of 
different generally accepted accounting principles, there shall be made such adjustments to any 
relevant financial items as are necessary to achieve a true and fair comparison of such financial 
items. 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any obligation (whether present or future, actual or contingent) in the form of 
or represented by any bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock, or other securities which are or are capable of being 
admitted to listing by any listing authority, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in or on any stock exchange, over the 
counter market or other securities market (for which purpose any such bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or 
other securities shall be deemed not to be capable of being so admitted, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in if the 
terms of the issue thereof expressly so provide). 
"Relevant Time" means (a) in respect of English Law Notes, the time at which the bearer of a Bearer Global Note 
or the registered holder of a Registered Global Note has no further rights under the Global Note pursuant to certain 
circumstances specified in the Global Note, and (b) in respect of Spanish Law Notes, the time at which Direct 
Rights (as defined in such Global Note) are acquired under such Global Note in accordance with its terms. 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest 
arising. 
"Senior Preferred Obligations" means any obligations of the Issuer with respect to any ordinary claims (créditos 
ordinarios) against the Issuer, other than the Senior Non Preferred Obligations. 
"Senior Non Preferred Obligations" means any obligation of the Issuer with respect to any non preferred 
ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) against the Issuer referred to under Additional Provision 14.2 
of Law 11/2015 and any other obligations which, by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by 
Spanish law, rank pari passu with the Senior Non Preferred Obligations. 
"Spanish Law Notes" means Notes where the applicable Final Terms specify Spanish law as the governing law 
of the Notes.

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
 
 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund or such other 
regulation as may come into effect in place thereof, (in all cases, as amended from time to time, including by SRM 
Regulation II). 
"SRM Regulation II" means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms. 
"Subordinated Notes" means Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes. 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to an entity (the "First Entity"), any entity (the "Second Entity") controlled by 
that First Entity where control is determined by: 
ownership (directly or indirectly) of a majority of the share capital of the Second Entity; or 
the power to appoint or remove a majority of the members of the governing body of the Second Entity. 
"Tier 2 Capital" means Tier 2 capital (capital de nivel 2) as provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations.  
"Tier 2 Instrument" means any contractually subordinated obligation of the Issuer constituting a Tier 2 
instrument (instrumentos de capital de nivel 2) in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations and as 
referred to in Additional Provision 14.3.2º of Law 11/2015, as amended or replaced. 
"Underlying Notes" means the Notes initially represented by, and comprised in, Global Notes, in each case 
representing a certain number of underlying Notes. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the 
case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the "Specified Currency") and the 
denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer 
Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Fixed Reset Note, a Floating Rate Note or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
This Note may also be a Senior Note or a Subordinated Note and, in the case of a Senior Note, an Ordinary 
Senior Note or a Senior Non Preferred Note, and in the case of a Subordinated Note, a Senior 
Subordinated Note or a Tier 2 Subordinated Note, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement.  The Issuer and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the 
bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute 
owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon 
or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes and shall not be required to obtain any 
proof thereof or as to the identity of such bearer but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to 
the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for 
the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a 
particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account 
of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
 
 
which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions 
"Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  References 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to 
include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES  
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect 
participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such interests.  A 
beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and 
regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another 
Registered Global Note of the same series only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable 
Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and 
conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.   
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraphs 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the 
Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the 
authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms).  In order to effect any such transfer (a) 
the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, 
with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or 
attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be 
required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful 
enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request.  Any 
such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time 
to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 8 to the Agency Agreement).  
Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and 
delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, 
to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate 
nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred.  In the 
case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in 
definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated 
and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the Issuer 
shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called 
for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and 
except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other 
governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
 
 
3. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NOTES AND SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes and, 
in the case of a Senior Note, an Ordinary Senior Note or a Senior Non Preferred Note and, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, a Senior Subordinated Note or a Tier 2 Subordinated Note. 
3.1 
Status of the Senior Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Notes which specify their status as 
Ordinary Senior Notes ("Ordinary Senior Notes") or as Senior Non Preferred Notes ("Senior Non 
Preferred Notes", together with the Ordinary Senior Notes, "Senior Notes") in the applicable Final 
Terms constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer (créditos 
ordinarios). 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes constitute non preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no 
preferentes) under Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015.  It is expressly stated for the purposes of 
Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015 that upon the insolvency of the Issuer, the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes will rank below any other ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios) against the Issuer and 
accordingly, claims in respect of the Senior Non Preferred Notes shall be paid after payment of any such 
other ordinary (créditos ordinarios) claims of the Issuer. 
Therefore, in accordance with the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015, but 
subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), 
upon the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes 
in respect of principal (and unless they qualify as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) pursuant 
to Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law) will rank: 
(a) 
in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes:  
(i) 
senior to (A) any Senior Non Preferred Obligations and (B) any claims against the Issuer 
qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) under Article 281.1 of the 
Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future); and 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Preferred Obligations; and 
(b) 
in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
senior to any claims against the Issuer qualifying as subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) under Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law (or equivalent legal provision 
which replaces it in the future); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other Senior Non Preferred Obligations; and 
(iii) 
junior to any Senior Preferred Obligations. 
In the event of insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, under the currently in force Insolvency Law (as defined 
below), claims relating to Senior Notes (which are not subordinated pursuant to article 281.1 of the 
Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as defined in the Insolvency Law. Ordinary 
credits rank below credits against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a 
privilege (créditos privilegiados) (including, without limitation, any deposits for the purposes of 
Additional Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015 (as defined below)) which shall be paid in full before ordinary 
credits.  Ordinary credits rank above subordinated credits and the rights of shareholders. 
Pursuant to article 152 of the Insolvency Law, accrual of interest shall be suspended from the date of 
declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer.  At the date of this Offering Circular, claims of Senior 
Noteholders in respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency 
procedure of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in accordance 
with the provisions of article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law.  
The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes are subject to the Loss Absorbing Power. 
Consequently, the Notes are available to absorb losses of any of the entities within the GCC Group and 
to potentially recapitalise the whole GCC Group.

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
 
 
3.2 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under Notes which specify their status as 
Subordinated Notes in the applicable Final Terms ("Subordinated Notes", which may be, in turn, Senior 
Subordinated Notes ("Senior Subordinated Notes") or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes ("Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) constitute direct, unconditional and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer.  In accordance with the Insolvency Law and Additional 
Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015, as amended by Royal Decree-law 7/2021, of 27 April, but subject to any 
other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), upon the 
insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes 
in respect of principal, will rank: 
(a) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated Notes do not 
constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any claims in respect of contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments; and (ii) any other 
subordinated obligations which by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted 
by Spanish law, rank junior to the Issuer's obligations under the Senior Subordinated 
Notes; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other claims for principal in respect of 
contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer not qualifying as Additional Tier 1 
Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer; and (ii) any other subordinated 
obligations which by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish 
law, rank pari passu to the Issuer's obligations under the Senior Subordinated Notes; 
and 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including any Senior Non 
Preferred Obligations); and (ii) any other subordinated obligations which by law and/or 
by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank senior to the Issuer's 
obligations under the Senior Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
for so long as the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Subordinated Notes constitute 
Tier 2 Instrument of the Issuer: 
(i) 
senior to (i) any claims for principal in respect of contractually subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments; and (ii) any other subordinated 
obligations which by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish 
law, rank junior to the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) any other claims for principal in respect of 
contractually subordinated obligations of the Issuer qualifying as Tier 2 Instruments, 
and (ii) any other subordinated obligations which by law and/or by their terms, and to 
the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under 
the relevant Subordinated Notes; and 
(iii) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including any Senior Non 
Preferred Obligations); and (ii) any other subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) 
included under Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law including contractually 
subordinated obligations not qualifying as Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 
Instruments. 
Senior Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (a) above on the basis that 
such Notes are not intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the GCC Group.  Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (b) above on the basis that such Notes 
are intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the GCC Group. 
Pursuant to Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015, as amended by Royal Decree-law 7/2021, of 27 
April, all claims arising from Tier 2 instruments (which is expected to be the case for Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes), even if they are only partly recognised as Tier 2 instruments will rank behind any other 
subordinated claims included under article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law and will be paid after them.

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
 
 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes are subject to the Loss Absorbing Power. 
Consequently, the Notes are available to absorb losses of any of the entities within the GCC Group and 
to potentially recapitalise the whole GCC Group. 
4. 
DIRECT RIGHTS 
If at any time the bearer of the Bearer Global Note and the registered holder of the Registered Global 
Note ceases to have rights under it in accordance with its terms, the Issuer covenants with each Relevant 
Account Holder (other than any Relevant Clearing System which is an account holder of any other 
Relevant Clearing System) that each Relevant Account Holder shall automatically acquire at the Relevant 
Time, under this Condition 4 and the provisions of the relevant Global Notes in the case of the Spanish 
Law Notes and under this Conditions 4 and the Deed of Covenant in the case of the English Law Notes, 
without the need for any further action on behalf of any person but subject to the provisions of the Deed 
of Covenant in the case of the English Law Notes, against the Issuer all those rights which the Relevant 
Account Holder would have had if at the Relevant Time it held and beneficially owned executed and 
authenticated Definitive Notes in respect of each Underlying Note represented by the Global Note which 
the Relevant Account Holder has credited to its securities account with the Relevant Clearing System at 
the Relevant Time and, from that time, the Relevant Account Holder will have no further rights under the 
relevant Global Note. 
5. 
WAIVER OF SET-OFF 
No holder of any Note may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, 
claim or liability of the Issuer or that the Issuer may have or acquire against such holder, directly or 
indirectly and howsoever arising (and including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in 
relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any kind, whether or not relating to such Note) 
and each holder of any Note shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities.  
Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any amount payable by the Issuer in respect of, or arising 
under or in connection with, any Note to any holder of such Note is discharged by set-off, such holder 
shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the 
Issuer and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the 
Issuer and, accordingly, any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
Nothing in this Condition 4 is intended to provide, or shall be construed as acknowledging, any Waived 
Set-Off Rights or that any such Waived Set-Off Right is or would be available to any holder of any Note 
but for this Condition 4. 
In these Conditions: 
"Waived Set-Off Rights" means any and all rights or claims of any holder of a Note for deduction, set-
off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection 
with any Note. 
6. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Fixed Reset Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes. 
6.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 6.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 
6.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes.  In particular, 
the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the 
Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken Amount, 
the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination Date.  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
 
 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest 
payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) 
such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date 
will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in 
the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 6.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of 
days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
 
 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
6.2 
Interest on Fixed Reset Notes 
(a) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Fixed Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the Initial Interest Rate; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, 
if none, the Maturity Date (the "First Reset Period") at the rate per annum equal to the 
First Reset Rate; and 
(iii) 
if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) any 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date 
(if any) (each a "Subsequent Reset Period") at the rate per annum equal to the relevant 
Subsequent Reset Rate,  
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) (each a "Rate of Interest") payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to and including the Maturity Date. 
The provisions of this Condition 6.2 shall apply, as applicable, in respect of any determination 
by the Calculation Agent of the Rate of Interest for a Reset Period in accordance with this 
Condition 6.2 as if the Fixed Reset Notes were Floating Rate Notes.  The Rate of Interest for 
each Reset Period shall otherwise be determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6.2.  Once the Rate of 
Interest is determined for a Reset Period, the provisions of Condition 6.1 (Interest – Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes) shall apply to Fixed Reset Notes, as applicable, as if the Fixed Reset Notes 
were Fixed Rate Notes. 
In this Condition: 
"First Reset Rate" means the sum of the Reset Margin and the Mid-Swap Rate for the First 
Reset Period, adjusted as necessary; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that 
Reset Date, the rate for the Reset Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment 
Dates, the semi-annual or annual swap rate, respectively (with such semi-annual swap rate to be 
converted to a quarterly rate in accordance with market convention, in the case of quarterly 
Interest Payment Dates) for swap transactions in the Specified Currency maturing on the last day 
of such Reset Period, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as 
of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such 
Reset Determination Date.  If such rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Mid-
Swap Rate for the Reset Date will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the Reset Period; 
"Reference Banks" means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap 
transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as selected 
by the Calculation Agent; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the display page on the relevant service as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on 
such other equivalent information service as determined by the Calculation Agent, for the 
purpose of displaying the relevant swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified Currency 
with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period;

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
 
 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date, as applicable; 
"Reset Determination Date" means the second Business Day immediately preceding the 
relevant Reset Date;  
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may 
be; 
"Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations" means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the annual fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments 
in the Specified Currency), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency with a term equal to the Reset Period commencing on the Reset Date and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where 
the floating leg (in each case calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate 
payments in the Specified Currency), is equivalent to the Rate of Interest that would apply in 
respect of the Notes if (a) Screen Rate Determination was specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, (b) the Reference Rate was the 
Floating Leg Reference Rate and (c) the Relevant Screen Page was the Floating Leg Screen Page; 
and 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period 
commencing on that Reset Date, the percentage determined on the basis of the Reset Period Mid-
Swap Rate Quotations provided by the Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date.  The Calculation 
Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms will request the principal office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate.  If at least three quotations are provided, the 
rate for the Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest).  If only two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic 
mean of the quotations provided.  If only one quotation is provided, it will be the quotation 
provided.  If no quotations are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the last observable Mid-
Swap Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, if any, as determined by the Agent.  If 
no Mid-Swap Rate is available on the Relevant Screen Page, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Mid-
Swap Rate for the immediately preceding Reset Period or, if none, the Initial Mid-Swap Rate. 
(b) 
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest and, in respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest 
Payment Date falling in such Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer, the other Paying Agents 
and any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the relevant Reset Notes are for the 
time being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and notice thereof to be published 
in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the fourth London Business Day (where a London Business Day means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in London) thereafter.  
(c) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 6.2 by the Agent shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders 
and Couponholders and (in the absence wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
 
 
6.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
This Condition 6.3 applies to Floating Rate Notes only.  The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 6.3 for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Floating Rate Notes.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any 
Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the 
Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the 
amount of interest due if it is not the Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates 
and the Day Count Fraction.  Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, 
the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity and Reset Date.  Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, 
the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest 
Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page.  
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
"Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there 
is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
6.3(a)(ii) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes – Interest Payment Dates) above, the 
Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the 
provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) 
above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business 
Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
 
 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre 
(other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the 
"TARGET2 System") is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
I. 
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in 
respect of Notes for which SONIA, SOFR and/or €STR or any related index is specified 
as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and 
by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with an Independent 
Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner;

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
 
 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (iii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market 
at that time; and 
(B) 
provide such quotations to the Calculation Agent who shall determine 
the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, requested and 
selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks 
for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin 
and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate 
or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
II. 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the 
relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions  and under which:  
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given 
to it in the ISDA Definitions;   
(D) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight-line linear

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
 
 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, where: 
(1) 
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(2) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time 
next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, 
then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such 
time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, in consultation with 
an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer , and such Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines appropriate; 
(E) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) 
if Compounding with Lookback is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method and (b) Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(2) 
if Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as 
the Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is 
the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if 
applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(3) 
if Compounding with Lockout is specified as the 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout 
Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and (c) Lockout Period 
Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
(F) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Averaging is specified to 
be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(1) 
if Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Lookback is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method and (b) 
Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in relevant Final 
Terms;

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
 
 
(2) 
if Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the 
Averaging Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) 
Averaging with Overnight Period Shift is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(3) 
if Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms then (a) Averaging with 
Lockout is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Lockout 
is the number of Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and (c) Lockout Period Business Days, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(G) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) and Index Provisions are specified 
to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded Index 
Method with Observation Period Shift (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period Shift is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms and (b) 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest 
Period;  
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;  
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
A. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied;  and  
B. 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate".   
III. 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination) 
(i) 
This Condition 6.3(b)(III) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
(ii) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
 
 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(III): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖𝑥𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥365
𝑑 
"d" means the number of calendar days in:  
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including , the last London Banking Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable) is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which 
is "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
 
 
Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, 
if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means the 
number of London Banking Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or if no 
such period is specified, five London Banking Days; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means the SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day "i"; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any 
London Banking Day.  The SONIA Reference Rate applied to a day that is a 
non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate 
for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), the Calculation Agent determines that the 
SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA 
Reference Rate shall, subject to Condition 6.4, be:  
(A) 
the sum of (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; 
and (b) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the 
Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a 
SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(B) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, (a) the SONIA 
Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) or (b) if this is more recent, the latest 
determined rate under (A). 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 6.4, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 7(e), the Rate of 
Interest shall be 6.3(b)(III) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
IV. 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)  
(i) 
This Condition 6.3(b)(IV) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(ii) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(IV): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of 
daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 6.3(b)(IV). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday.  
For this reason, in determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for 
any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that immediately precedes one 
or more days that are not U.S. Government Securities Business Days will be 
multiplied by the number of calendar days from and including such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of Compounded SOFR 
(or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior to the relevant SOFR 
Determination Time, then the provisions under Condition 6.3(b)(IV)(iv) below 
will apply.  
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions 
in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with 
the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖𝑥 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
 
 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period. 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or  
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period, 
to and including the last US Government Securities Business Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
are due and payable); 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
("i+1"); 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first day in such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall 
begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" for any Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable) means the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified as the "Lag 
Period" or the "Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final 
Terms or if no such period is specified, two U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the 
SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 6.3(b)(IV)(iv) below, if the rate specified in (i) 
above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
 
 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source;  
"SOFRi" means the SOFR for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i"; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating 
to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates.  In connection with the implementation 
of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(i)  
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(ii) 
 will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation 
relating to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from 
the holders of the Notes or any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined 
above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily 
SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means  the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(i) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
 
 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by 
the Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth 
in the order below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement;  
(ii)  
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent 
to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or 
zero) that has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating 
or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the 
then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of 
such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no 
market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on 
which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or  
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
 
 
Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will 
be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing 
that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or  
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency 
or resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or  
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that 
the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the 
occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means 
(i) if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, 
and (ii) if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by 
the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(v) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, 
determined under Condition 6.3(b)(IV)(iv) above will be notified promptly by

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
 
 
the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Noteholders.  Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which such changes take 
effect.  
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred, (y) the 
relevant Benchmark Replacement and, (z) where applicable, any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of any 
relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case 
as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
6.3(b)(IV); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Benchmark Replacement and/or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(vi) 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 6.3(b)(IV), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
V. 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination)  
(i) 
This Condition 6.3(b)(V) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen 
Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR". 
(ii) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded 
Daily €STR plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Interest Determination Date.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 6.3(b)(v)V): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to any Interest Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-
term rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance 
with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
−1] 𝑥 𝐷
𝑑

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, 360); 
"do" means the number of TARGET Settlement Days in: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
the "€STR reference rate", in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") for such 
TARGET Settlement Day as provided by the European Central Bank as the 
administrator of €STR (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the 
website of the European Central Bank (or, if no longer published on its website, 
as otherwise published by it or provided by it to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement 
Day (in each case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, 
the applicable methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central 
Bank or the successor administrator of such rate); 
"€STRi" means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the TARGET Settlement Day falling "p" TARGET 
Settlement Days prior to the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i"; 
or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Settlement Day "i". 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "do", each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Settlement Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last TARGET Settlement Day in such period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the 
date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the Interest Payment Date 
for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable);

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
 
 
"ni" for any TARGET Settlement Day "i" in the relevant Interest Period or 
Observation Period (as applicable), means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such TARGET Settlement Day "i" up to (but excluding) the 
following TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period (and the final Interest Period shall begin on 
and include the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the date 
falling "p" TARGET Settlement Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest 
Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable; and 
"p" for any latest Interest Period or Observation Period (as applicable), means 
the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified as the "Lag Period" or the 
"Observation Shift Period" (as applicable) in the relevant Final Terms or, if no 
such period is specified, two TARGET Business Days. 
(iv) 
Subject to Condition 6.4, if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated 
pursuant to Condition 6.3(b)(V)(ii)) above, in respect of any TARGET 
Settlement Day in respect of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required 
to be determined, such €STR reference rate is not made available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, then the €STR reference rate in respect of such TARGET Settlement 
Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the first preceding TARGET Settlement 
Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was published by the European 
Central Bank on its website, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(v) 
Subject to Condition 6.4, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.3(b)(V), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest Period had 
the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(but applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period). 
VI. 
Interest – SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate 
Determination)  
This Condition 6.3(b)(VI) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined, and "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. 
Where "Index Determination" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily 
reference rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
( 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1) 𝑥𝑁𝑢𝑚𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑑
 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus the Margin  (if any), all as 
determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent, where:

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
 
 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR 
Compounded Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms ; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or 
such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Period); 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking 
Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
"Numerator" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in the case 
of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be the 
fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh 
decimal place in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or 
down, if necessary (with 0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded 
upwards);  
"Relevant Number" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, but, unless otherwise 
specified shall be five;  
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA rate as published 
at 10:00 (London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) 
on the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database , or any successor source; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SOFR rate as published 
at 15:00 (New York time) by Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or 
any successor source; and 
"Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the Relevant 
Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of the relevant 
Compounded Index, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not 
published for the relevant Compounded Index either on the relevant Start or End date, 
then the Calculation Agent shall calculate the rate of interest for that Interest Period as 
if Index Determination was not specified in the applicable Final Terms and as if 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR (as defined in Condition 
6.3(b)(III)) or Condition 6.3(b)(IV), as applicable) had been specified instead in the 
Final Terms, and in each case "Observation Shift" had been specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, and where the Observation Shift Period for the 
purposes of that definition in Condition 6.3(b)(III) or Condition 6.3(b)(IV) (as 
applicable) shall be deemed to be the same as the Relevant Number specified in the Final 
Terms and where, in the case of Compounded Daily SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page 
will be determined by the Issuer.  For the avoidance of doubt, if a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in respect of the relevant Compounded Index, the provisions of Condition 6.4) 
shall apply. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
 
 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of 
Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) 
the Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive 
form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 6.3: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= 
⌊360 𝑥(𝑌2− 𝑌1)⌋+ ⌊ (30 𝑥𝑀2 −𝑀1 )⌋+ (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where:

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= 
⌊360 𝑥(𝑌2− 𝑌1)⌋+ ⌊ (30 𝑥𝑀2 −𝑀1 )⌋+ (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= 
⌊360 𝑥(𝑌2− 𝑌1)⌋+ ⌊ (30 𝑥𝑀2 −𝑀1 )⌋+ (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls;

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 - 
 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will promptly be notified 
to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).  For the purposes of this 
paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(f) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
6.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) by the Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the 
other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad 
faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal 
Paying Agent in connection with the exercise or non exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(g) 
Determination of Rate of Interest following acceleration 
If (i) the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 11 (Events of Default) and 
(ii) the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period during which the Notes become due and payable 
is to be determined by reference to any of Conditions 6.3(b)(III) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SONIA (Screen Rate Determination)), 6.3(b) (IV) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SOFR (Screen Rate Determination)), 6.3(b)(V) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
referencing €STR (Screen Rate Determination)) and 6.3(b)(VI) (Interest – SONIA Compounded 
Index and SOFR Compounded Index (Screen Rate Determination)), then the final Interest 
Determination Date shall be the date on which the Notes become so due and payable, and such 
Rate of Interest shall continue to apply to the Notes for so long as interest continues to accrue 
thereon as provided in the Conditions. 
6.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which for these purposes includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes) will be deemed to have expressly consented to the application of the 
provisions of this Condition 6.4. Without any requirement for any further consent or approval of the 
Noteholders (whether pursuant to Condition 18 or otherwise) and notwithstanding the provisions in 
Conditions 6.3(b), 6.3(c) or 6.2, as the case may be, above, if the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (in 
consultation with the Issuer, where the Calculation Agent is a party other than the Issuer, or, if the 
Calculation Agent deems it appropriate, an Independent Adviser) determines that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate (other than SOFR) when any Rate of Interest (or any

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to that Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions of this Condition 6.4 shall apply. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.4, no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or 
Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the terms and conditions of any 
Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the 
determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the treatment of any 
relevant Series of Notes as Tier 2 Capital or Eligible Liabilities for the purposes of Applicable MREL 
Regulations or to comply with MREL Requirements (as applicable), in each case of the Issuer or the GCC 
Group, as applicable, or could reasonably result in the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Dates (including any Reset Date) as the 
effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(a) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(i) 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the 
determination (with the Issuer's agreement) of a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if the 
Independent Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an alternative 
rate (the "Alternative Rate") and, in either case, an alternative screen page or source 
(the "Alternative Relevant Screen Page") and an Adjustment Spread (if applicable) no 
later than three (3) Business Days prior to the relevant Reset Determination Date or 
Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period 
or Interest Period (as applicable) (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes 
of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods 
or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 
6.4). 
(ii) 
The Alternative Rate shall be such rate as the Independent Adviser and the Issuer acting 
in good faith agree has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage 
for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in 
respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if the Independent 
Adviser and the Issuer agree that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser and the Issuer acting in good faith agree is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate, and the Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an 
information service as displays the Alternative Rate. 
(iii) 
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or if the Independent Adviser 
and the Issuer cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date 
in accordance with subparagraph (ii) above, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner) may determine which (if any) rate has replaced the 
applicable Original Reference Rate) in customary market usage for purposes of 
determining floating rates of interest or reset rates of interest in respect of eurobonds 
denominated in the Specified Currency, or, if it determines that there is no such rate, 
which (if any) rate is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate, and the 
Alternative Rate shall be the rate so determined by the Issuer and the Alternative 
Relevant Screen Page shall be such page of an information service as displays the 
Alternative Rate; provided, however, that if this subparagraph (iii) applies and the Issuer 
is unable or unwilling to determine an Alternative Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen 
Page prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) 
relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) in 
accordance with this subparagraph (iii), the Floating Leg Reference Rate or Reference 
Rate applicable to such Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) shall be equal to 
the last observable Floating Leg Reference Rate or Reference Rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page after the last preceding Reset Date or Interest Determination Date, 
or, if none, the Floating Leg Reference Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) for a term 
equivalent to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period published on the Relevant 
Screen Page as at the last preceding Reset Date or Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable) (though substituting, where a different relevant Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the relevant Margin relating to the

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 - 
 
 
relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the margin relating to that last 
preceding Reset Period or Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph 
shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period, and any 
subsequent Reset Periods or Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, 
and to adjustment as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 6.4. 
(iv) 
If a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate and an Alternative Relevant Screen Page is 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and Alternative Relevant Screen Page shall be the benchmark and the 
Relevant Screen Page in relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6.4). 
(b) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, 
determines that (i) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate.- 
(c) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) or the Issuer 
(as the case may be), may also specify changes to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, 
Business Day Convention, Business Days, Reset Determination Date, Interest Determination 
Date and/or the definition of Floating Leg Reference Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the 
Notes, and the method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Notes, in order to follow 
market practice in relation to the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, 
which changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") (subject to the subsequent 
operation of this Condition 6.4).  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.4, the Calculation Agent or any Paying 
Agent is not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any 
changes or amendments as contemplated under this Condition 6.4(c), which, in the sole opinion 
of the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant 
Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions. 
(d) 
Notice 
The Issuer shall promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and Alternative Relevant Screen Page and Adjustment Spread (if any) give notice thereof and of 
any changes pursuant to subparagraph (c) above to the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying 
Agent and the Noteholders. 
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this Condition 6.4, the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading.  
No later than the date on which the Issuer notifies the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the 
case may be, the Alternative Rate, (C) any Adjustment Spread and (D) the specific terms 
of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 6.4; and

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 - 
 
 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor or Alternative Rate and any Adjustment Spread.  
The Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders, at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such 
certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified 
in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) and without prejudice to the Agent's or the Calculation Agent's or the Paying Agents' ability 
to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 6.4, if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in 
the Calculation Agent's opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses 
of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 6.4, the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent 
in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not 
promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross 
negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it 
shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(e) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 6.4, the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6.3 and the applicable Final 
Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply unless and until the Calculation Agent has been 
notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment 
Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with this Condition 6.4. 
(f) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 6.4, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative) or a formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
relevant Alternative Rate (as applicable), and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Issuer determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital market transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Original Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
(if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied) the Issuer 
determines, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) ; or

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 - 
 
 
(iv) 
(if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged), 
the Issuer, in its discretion and following consultation with the Independent Adviser, 
and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate, to reduce or eliminate to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6.4(c); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page for 
a period of at least five Business Days, as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be 
calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased, 
or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date") cease, publishing such 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of such 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that such Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a Specified Future Date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that means that such Original Reference Rate will, by a Specified Future Date, be 
prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is or will, by a 
Specified Future Date, be no longer representative of an underlying market and such 
representativeness will not be restored (as determined by such supervisor); or 
(vi) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for 
the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the subparagraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public 
statement within subparagraphs (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above and the Specified Future Date in the 
public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark 
Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future 
Date.   
"Calculation Agent" means the party specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest and/or calculating the Interest Amount in respect 
of the Notes unless (i) where such party is a party other than the Issuer, that party fails to perform 
or notifies the Issuer that it is unable to perform any of its duties or obligations as Calculation 
Agent or (ii) where such party is the Issuer, the Issuer determines in its sole discretion to appoint 
another party as Calculation Agent, in which case the Calculation Agent shall be such other party 
as is appointed by the Issuer to act as Calculation Agent, which party may, as applicable, include 
the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer and shall be a leading bank or financial institution, or 
another party of recognised standing and with appropriate expertise to make the determinations 
and/or calculations to be made by the Calculation Agent; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense;

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 - 
 
 
"Original Reference Rate" means: 
(i) 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified in the applicable Final 
Terms for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) in respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has been determined in relation to such 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 6.4; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser (with the Issuer's agreement) determines is a successor 
to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. 
6.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Note 
has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
7. 
PAYMENTS 
7.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 - 
 
 
7.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 7.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect 
of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at 
the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its 
possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) and save 
as provided in Condition 7.5 (General provisions applicable to payments) should be presented for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this 
purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount 
of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be 
deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 
years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation) in respect of such principal (whether 
or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 10 (Prescription) or, if later, 
five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof.  A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which 
on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable 
thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on 
which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount 
of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Bearer Note. 
7.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment 
of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.  
7.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of each 
Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of 
the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated 
Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note 
appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the "Register") 
(i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 - 
 
 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in 
definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the 
relevant due date.  For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account (which, in the case of 
a payment in Japanese yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a 
holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and "Designated Bank" means (in 
the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of 
the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any 
bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect 
of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer on the due date to the 
Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing 
in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and 
(ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth 
day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the "Record Date").  Payment of the interest due in 
respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the final instalment of principal will be made in the 
same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments 
of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes 
or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
7.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of 
Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest 
in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
7.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these purposes, 
"Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 10 (Prescription) is:

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 - 
 
 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, 
a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open. 
7.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 9 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 9 
(Taxation). 
In this Condition, "Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, (i) its principal amount 
or (ii) such amount per Calculation Amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes will have an original maturity of at least one year from their 
date of effective disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required 
from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable 
MREL Regulations). 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes will have an original maturity of at least five years from their date of effective 
disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be permitted or required from time to time 
by Applicable Banking Regulations.  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
8.2 
Redemption for tax reasons

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 - 
 
 
Subject to Condition 8.8 (Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if, 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 9 (Taxation)) including any treaty to which such Tax Jurisdiction is a party or any change in 
the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, including a decision of any court or 
tribunal, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is 
reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will or would be 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 (Taxation) and such 
obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it; or  
(b) 
the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing its taxation liabilities in any 
Tax Jurisdiction in respect of any payment of interest to be made on the next Interest Payment 
Date or the value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced; or 
(c) 
the applicable tax treatment of the Notes would be materially affected, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer (a) would be obliged to pay such additional amounts (b) would not be entitled to claim 
such deduction or the value of such deduction would be materially reduced or (c) would be obliged to 
apply the materially affected applicable tax treatment. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change 
or amendment and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior 
Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements ("MREL Eligible Ordinary Senior Notes"), a copy 
of the permission of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, to redemption, 
if and as applicable (if such permission is required). 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) will be redeemed at their 
Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 8.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Redemption for taxation reasons in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
MREL Eligible Ordinary Senior Notes, will be subject to the prior permission of the Competent Authority 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority if and as applicable (if such permission is required) therefor 
under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations) and may only take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) in force at the relevant time. 
Article 78(4) of the CRR provides that the Competent Authority may only permit the redemption of Tier 
2 Instruments before the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date for taxation reasons if, in addition to meeting 
one of the conditions referred to in paragraphs (a) or (b) of Article 78(1) of the CRR, there is a change 
in the applicable tax treatment of the instruments and the institution demonstrates to the satisfaction of 
the Competent Authority that such change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue 
Date. 
8.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 8.3 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than under any of the Conditions 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 8.4 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes), 8.5 (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Senior Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes) or 8.6

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 - 
 
 
(Clean-Up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer)), such option being referred to as an "Issuer Call".  
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 8.3 for full information on any Issuer Call.  In particular, the applicable 
Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any 
minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and MREL Eligible Ordinary Senior Notes, to 
compliance with the Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable 
MREL Regulations) then in force and subject to the prior permission of the Competent Authority and/or 
the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as applicable (if such permission is required), having given not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final 
Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding 
on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. In these Conditions, "Optional Redemption Date" means any 
date so specified in the applicable Final Terms and/or any date falling in the Optional Redemption Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the first and last days inclusive. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will (i) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot not more 
than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
(to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion), in either case, in compliance with applicable law.  In 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption.   
8.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are Tier 2 Subordinated Notes and Capital Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, then if a Capital Event occurs and is continuing, the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to such redemption being permitted 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations then in force, and may only take place in accordance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time and subject to the prior permission of the 
Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as applicable (if such permission 
is required) pursuant to such regulations, at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption). 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.4 will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 8.8 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In the Conditions, "Capital Event" means the determination by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Competent Authority that all or part of the outstanding nominal amount of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
is not eligible for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and/or the GCC Group (but, in the case of 
partial ineligibility, only if early redemption of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes in such circumstances is 
permitted under then Applicable Banking Regulations) pursuant to then Applicable Banking Regulations 
(other than as a result of any applicable limitation on the amount of such capital as applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the GCC Group, or as a result of amortisation pursuant to Article 64 of CRR (or equivalent legal 
provision which replaces it in the future)).  
Article 78(4) of the CRR provides that the Competent Authority may only permit the redemption of Tier 
2 Instruments before the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date upon the occurrence of a Capital Event if, in 
addition to meeting one of the conditions referred to in paragraphs (a) or (b) of Article 78(1) of the CRR, 
there is a change in the regulatory classification of the instruments that would be likely to result in their

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 - 
 
 
exclusion from own funds or reclassification as a lower quality form of own funds, the Competent 
Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and the institution demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the regulatory reclassification of those instruments was not 
reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date. 
8.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Eligible Liabilities Event): Senior Subordinated Notes or 
Senior Notes 
If the Notes are Senior Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes and Eligible Liabilities Event is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then if an Eligible Liabilities Event occurs, the relevant Senior 
Notes or Senior Subordinated Notes, as applicable, may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, subject to such redemption being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force, and may only take 
place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Applicable MREL Regulations) in force at the relevant time and subject to the permission of the 
Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as applicable (if such permission 
is required) pursuant to such regulations, at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption). 
Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8.5 will be redeemed 
at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 8.8 below together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
In the Conditions, "Eligible Liabilities Event" means: 
(a) 
in respect of MREL Eligible Ordinary Senior Notes, the determination by the Issuer after 
consultation with the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, that all or 
part of the outstanding principal amount of such Notes will not at any time prior to the Maturity 
Date fully qualify as MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred Instruments of the Issuer and/or the GCC 
Group, except where the non-qualification as MREL Eligible Senior Preferred Instruments is 
due: 
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining maturity where 
the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other 
regulations applicable in Spain) as at the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
to a subordination requirement being applied by the Relevant Resolution Authority for 
such Notes to be eligible to comply with MREL Requirements; or 
(iv) 
there being insufficient headroom for such Notes to qualify as Eligible Liabilities within 
prescribed limits established by Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other regulations applicable 
in Spain);  
(b) 
in respect of Senior Non Preferred Notes, the determination by the Issuer after consultation with 
the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, that all or part of the 
outstanding principal amount of such Notes will not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully 
qualify as MREL-Eligible Senior Non Preferred Instruments of the Issuer and/or the GCC Group, 
except where the non-qualification as MREL-Eligible Senior Non Preferred Instruments is due: 
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining maturity where 
the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other 
regulations applicable in Spain) as at the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer; and

--- Page 111 ---
- 111 - 
 
 
(c) 
in respect of Senior Subordinated Notes, the determination by the Issuer after consultation with 
the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, that all or part of the 
outstanding principal amount of such Notes will not at any time prior to the Maturity Date fully 
qualify to comply with MREL Requirements of the Issuer and/or the GCC Group, except where 
the non-qualification is due: 
(i) 
solely to the remaining maturity of such Notes (or effective remaining maturity where 
the Notes, for example, are subject to an Investor Put) being less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) (or any other 
regulations applicable in Spain) as at the Issue Date; or  
(ii) 
to the relevant Notes being bought back by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
An Eligible Liabilities Event shall, without limitation, be deemed to have occurred where such 
ineligibility for inclusion of Ordinary Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL Requirements and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the Eligible Liabilities or for Senior Subordinated Notes to comply with 
the MREL Requirements arises as a result of (a) any Spanish legislation implementing or giving effect to 
the EU Banking Reforms differing in any respect from the form of the EU Banking Reforms adopted 
(including if the EU Banking Reforms are not implemented in full in Spain), or (b) the official 
interpretation or application of the EU Banking Reforms or the EU Banking Reforms as implemented in 
Spain (including any interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant court, tribunal or authority) 
differing in any respect from the manner in which the EU Banking Reforms have been reflected in the 
Conditions. 
8.6 
Clean-Up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If Clean-Up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if 75 per cent. or any 
higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up Percentage") of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, 
any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular 
Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer 
may, subject in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes 
eligible to comply with MREL Requirements, to compliance with the Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) then in force and subject to the 
prior permission of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required 
therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL 
Regulations), at any time, at its option, and having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 calendar days’ 
notice (the "Clean-Up Redemption Notice"), in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), to the Noteholders, redeem such 
outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, 
with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption identified 
in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where Clean-Up Redemption Option has been specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant this Condition 8.6 only after five years from their date 
of issuance or such other minimum period permitted under Applicable Banking Regulations. 
8.7 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 8.7 applies to Senior Notes and Senior Subordinated Notes, if specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and if allowed under the Applicable Banking Regulations 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations), which are subject to redemption 
prior to the Maturity Date at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an "Investor 
Put".  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 8.7 for full information on any Investor Put.  In particular, the applicable 
Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and the 
applicable notice periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) not less than the minimum period nor more

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 - 
 
 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the 
expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date.  No such redemption option will be applicable to any Subordinated Notes, unless as 
permitted under Applicable Banking Regulations.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the 
notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note 
or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put 
Notice, be held to its order or under its control.  If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in 
definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent 
of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 8.7 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 8.7 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
8.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 8.4 (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Capital Event): Tier 2 Subordinated Notes), 8.5 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Eligible 
Liabilities Event): Senior Subordinated Notes or Senior Notes), 11 (Events of Default) and 8.6 (Clean-
Up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), each Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount. 
8.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive 
Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any 
price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the 
Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and MREL Eligible Ordinary Senior Notes, 
the purchase of the relevant Notes by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall take place in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time and will be subject to the prior 
permission of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as applicable (if 
such permission is required). 
Under the current Applicable Banking Regulations an institution requires the prior permission of the 
Competent Authority (Article 77(b) of the CRR) to effect the repurchase of Tier 2 Instruments. 
8.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured, Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled and 
any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 8.9 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold. 
9. 
TAXATION

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 - 
 
 
All payments in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required 
by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts in respect of interest (but not in respect 
of payments of principal or any premium) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by 
the Noteholders or Couponholders after such withholding or deduction shall equal the amount of interest 
which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in 
the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in Spain; or 
(b) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than 
(i) the mere holding of such Note or Coupon or (ii) the receipt of any payment in respect of such 
Note or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in Condition 7.6 (Payment Day); or  
(d) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom the Issuer does not receive such 
information concerning such Noteholder's identity and tax residence as may be required in order 
to comply with the procedures that may be implemented to comply with the interpretation of 
Royal Decree 1065/2007 eventually made by the Spanish Tax Authorities; or 
(e) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish-resident legal entity subject to Spanish Corporation 
Income Tax if the Spanish Tax Authorities determine that the Notes do not comply with 
applicable exemption requirements including those specified in the Reply to a Non-Binding 
Consultation of the Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 
July 2004 and require a withholding to be made. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax; and  
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, 
the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).  
10. 
PRESCRIPTION 
In the case of Notes governed by English law, claims for payment in respect of Notes (whether in bearer 
or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless made within a period of 10 years (in the case 
of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 
(Taxation)) therefor. In the case of Notes governed by Spanish law, claims for payment in respect of 
Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) will become void unless made within a period of three years 
after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)) therefore. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 7.2 (Presentation of 
definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 7.2 
(Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons). 
11. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
11.1 
Events of Default relating to Ordinary Senior Notes

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 - 
 
 
This Condition 11.1 only applies to Ordinary Senior Notes if so specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If any one or more of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal in respect of the Notes within 14 
days of the due date for payment thereof or fails to pay any amount of interest in respect of the 
Notes within 21 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its 
other obligations under or in respect of the Notes or, as the case may be, the Agency Agreement, 
as the case may be, the Deed of Covenant and such default remains unremedied for 30 days or 
after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered to the 
Issuer; or 
(c) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Relevant Entity: 
(i) 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer or any Relevant Entity is not paid 
when due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; or 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money becomes due and payable prior to its stated 
maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Relevant 
Entity or (provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any 
person entitled to such Indebtedness for Borrowed Money, 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money referred to in subparagraph (i) 
and/or subparagraph (ii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 40,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies); 
(d) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more final judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of any amount 
which individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 40,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies) is rendered against the Issuer or any Relevant Entity and continue(s) 
unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date 
therein specified for payment; or 
(e) 
Security enforced: any Security Interest created or assumed by the Issuer or any Relevant Entity 
becomes enforceable and any steps are taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or 
the appointment of a receiver, administrative receiver, manager or other similar person) provided 
that the Indebtedness for Borrowed Money to which such Security Interest relates either 
individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 40,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency 
or currencies); or 
(f) 
Winding up: any order is made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding 
up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (or any Relevant Entity) (except in any such case for 
the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation); or 
(g) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer (or any Relevant Entity) ceases or threatens to cease to carry 
on the whole or a substantial part of its business (except in any such case for the purpose of a 
Permitted Reorganisation) or the Issuer (or any Relevant Entity) stops or threatens to stop 
payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class thereof) as they fall 
due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, 
or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(h) 
Insolvency proceedings: (i)(A) in respect of the Issuer, an order is made by any competent court 
commencing insolvency proceedings (procedimientos concursales) against it or an order is made 
or a resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution or of the Issuer, and, in 
respect of any Relevant Entity, proceedings are initiated against any such Relevant Entity under 
any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws (except 
in any such case for the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation); or (B) an application made for 
the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is 
appointed, in relation to the Issuer (or any Relevant Entity) or in relation to the whole or any 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them; or (C) an encumbrance takes 
possession of the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer (or any

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 - 
 
 
Relevant Entity); or (D) a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer (or any Relevant Entity); and (ii) in any case is or are not 
discharged within 30 days; or 
(i) 
Arrangements with creditors: the Issuer (or any Relevant Entity) initiates or consents to judicial 
proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or 
enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its 
creditors); or  
(j) 
Failure to take action etc.: any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, 
fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and 
perform and comply with its obligations under and in respect of the Notes and the Deed of 
Covenant, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable and (iii) 
to make the Notes and the Coupons admissible in evidence in the courts of Spain or England is 
not taken, fulfilled or done; or  
(k) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant; or 
(l) 
Regulating Agreement: 
(i) 
the Regulating Agreement is terminated (and is not concurrently therewith substituted 
or replaced, or the commercial benefit thereof for the Issuer is not otherwise replicated 
or continued) or is modified in a manner which is materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
a Member that is a Relevant Entity ceases to be bound by the Regulating Agreement,  
then any Noteholder of the relevant Series in respect of such Notes may, by written notice to the 
Issuer, declare that such Notes or Note (as the case may be) and all interest then accrued but 
unpaid on such Notes or Note (as the case may be) shall be forthwith due and payable, whereupon 
the relevant Notes shall, when permitted by applicable Spanish law, become immediately due 
and payable at their outstanding nominal amount, together with all accrued interest thereon 
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which the Issuer will 
expressly waive, anything contained in such Notes to the contrary. 
For the purpose of this Condition 11:  
"Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" means any money borrowed, liabilities in respect of any 
acceptance credit, note or bill discounting facility, liabilities under any bonds, notes, debentures, 
loan stocks, securities or other indebtedness by way of loan capital. 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means: 
(a) 
with respect to the Issuer, a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation where the entity 
resulting from any such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation is (A) a financial 
institution (entidad de crédito) under article 1 of Law 10/2014, as amended and restated 
and (B) has a rating for long-term senior debt assigned by Standard & Poor's Rating 
Services, Moody's Investors Service or Fitch equivalent to or higher than the rating for 
long-term senior debt of the Issuer immediately prior to such reconstruction, merger or 
amalgamation); and 
(b) 
with respect to a Subsidiary, a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation which is on a 
solvent basis. 
11.2 
Events of Default relating to the Senior Non Preferred Notes, Subordinated Notes and Ordinary 
Senior Notes

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 - 
 
 
This Condition 11.2 applies to Senior Non Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, and to Ordinary 
Senior Notes if so specified in the applicable Final Terms and references to "Notes" shall be construed 
accordingly.  
If any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or liquidation of the 
Issuer  (an "Event of Default") then any Noteholder of the relevant Series in respect of such Notes may, 
by written notice to the Issuer, declare that such Notes or Note (as the case may be) and all interest then 
accrued but unpaid on such Notes or Note (as the case may be) shall be forthwith due and payable, 
whereupon the relevant Notes shall become immediately due and payable at their outstanding nominal 
amount, together with all accrued interest thereon without presentment, demand, protest or other notice 
of any kind, all of which the Issuer will expressly waive, anything contained in such Notes to the contrary. 
11.3 
Green, Social or Sustainability Notes 
In the case of any Notes where the Notes are stated to be "Green", "Social" or "Sustainability" Notes in 
"Reasons for the Offer" in Part B of the applicable Final Terms and/or it is stated that the proceeds from 
the issue of the Notes are intended to be used for "green", "social" or "sustainability" projects as described 
in the "Use of Proceeds" section (the "Green, Social or Sustainability Notes Use of Proceeds 
Disclosure" and the "Green, Social or Sustainability Notes", as appropriate), no Event of Default shall 
occur or other claim against the Issuer or right of a holder of, or obligation or liability of the Issuer in 
respect of, such Green, Social or Sustainability Notes arise as a result of the net proceeds of such Green, 
Social or Sustainability Notes not being used, any report, assessment, opinion or certification not being 
obtained or published, or any other step or action not being taken, in each case as set out and described 
in the Green, Social or Sustainability Notes Use of Proceeds Disclosure. 
12. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at 
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as 
may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer 
may reasonably require and in accordance with applicable law.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
AGENTS 
The names of initial Agents are set out above.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms.  
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other 
Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer 
Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be required 
by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the jurisdiction 
in which the Issuer is incorporated.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in Condition 7.5 (General provisions applicable to payments).  Notice of 
any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders 
promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder.  The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 - 
 
 
with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the 
successor agent. 
14. 
LOSS ABSORBING POWER  
(a) 
Acknowledgement: Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, 
arrangement or understanding between the Issuer and the Noteholders, by its subscription and/or 
purchase and holding of the Notes, each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this Condition 
14 includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents 
and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
- 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
- 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder 
of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
- 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due; 
- 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect 
to, the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority; and  
(iii) 
that the Notes are available to absorb losses of any of the entities within the GCC Group 
and to potentially recapitalise the whole GCC Group. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due: No repayment or payment of the 
Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of the Loss Absorbing 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer if and to the extent such 
amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered as a result of such exercise. 
(c) 
Event of Default: Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the 
conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result 
of the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Issuer, nor the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
with respect to any Notes will be an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 11.  
(d) 
Notice to Noteholders: Upon the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will make available a written notice to 
the Noteholders as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power.  
The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Agents for information purposes. No 
failure or delay by the Issuer to deliver a notice to the Noteholders shall affect the validity or 
enforceability of the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power. 
(e) 
Duties of the Agents: Upon the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, (a) the Agent shall not be required to take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) 
the Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon any of the Agents whatsoever, in each case 
with respect to the exercise of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(f) 
Proration: If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Loss Absorbing Power with respect 
to less than the total Amounts Due, unless any of the Agents is otherwise instructed by the Issuer 
or the Relevant Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect 
of the Notes pursuant to the Loss Absorbing Power will be made on a pro-rata basis.

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 - 
 
 
(g) 
Condition Exhaustive: The matters set forth in this Condition 14 shall be exhaustive on the 
foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
between the Issuer and any holder of a Note. 
(h) 
Definitions: In this Condition 14:  
"Amounts Due" means the principal amount or outstanding amount, together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest, and additional amounts, if any, due on the Notes under Condition 9 
(Taxation).  References to such amounts will include amounts that have become due and payable, 
but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of the Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority; 
"Loss Absorbing Power" means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in 
compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Spain, 
relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to, Law 11/2015, Royal 
Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing regulations) as amended or superseded from time 
to time, (ii) the SRM Regulation, and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, 
pursuant to which, among others, any obligation of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such 
Regulated Entity) can be reduced, cancelled, suspended, modified, or converted into shares, other 
securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity (or affiliate of such Regulated Entity); 
"Regulated Entity" means any entity to which BRRD, as implemented in the Kingdom of Spain 
(including but not limited to, Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing 
regulations) and as amended or superseded from time to time, or any other Spanish piece of 
legislation relating to the Loss Absorbing Power, applies, which includes, certain credit 
institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies; 
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the Fondo de Resolución Ordenada Bancaria 
("FROB"), the Single Resolution Board ("SRB") established pursuant to the SRM Regulation 
and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Loss Absorbing 
Power from time to time. 
15. 
RECOGNITION OF STAY POWERS 
By its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, each Noteholder (which for the purposes 
of this Condition 15, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes), where a resolution measure 
is taken in relation to the Issuer or any member of the same group as the Issuer which is an EU BRRD 
undertaking: 
(a) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Notes may be subject to the exercise of EU BRRD Stay 
Powers; 
(b) 
acknowledges and accepts that it is bound by the application or exercise of any such EU BRRD 
Stay Powers; and 
(c) 
confirms that this Condition 15 (Recognition of Stay Powers) represents the entire agreement 
with the Issuer on the potential impact of EU BRRD Stay Powers in respect of the Notes, to the 
exclusion of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding between parties. 
In accordance with Article 68 (Exclusion of certain contractual terms in early intervention and resolution) 
of Directive 2014/59/EU and any relevant implementing measures in any member state, by its 
subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, each Noteholder further acknowledges and agrees 
that the application or exercise of any such EU BRRD Stay Powers shall not, per se, be deemed to be an 
enforcement event within the meaning of Directive 2002/47/EC or as insolvency proceedings within the 
meaning of Directive 98/26/EC and that Noteholders shall not be entitled to take any of the steps outlined 
under Article 68(3) Directive 2014/59/EU and any relevant implementing measures in any member state 
against the Issuer. 
For the purpose of this Condition 15: 
"EU BRRD Stay Powers" means the powers of a relevant resolution authority to suspend or restrict 
rights and obligations under:

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 - 
 
 
(i) 
Article 33a (Power to suspend payment or delivery obligations); 
(ii) 
Article 69 (Power to suspend payment or delivery obligations);  
(iii) 
Article 70 (Power to restrict the enforcement of any security interest); and  
(iv) 
Article 71 (Power to temporarily suspend any termination right) 
of Directive 2014/59/EU and any relevant implementing measures in any member state; 
"EU BRRD undertaking" means an entity within the scope of Article 71a of Directive 2014/59/EU and 
any relevant implementing measures in any EEA member state; and  
"resolution measure" means "resolution" or the application of a "resolution tool", "crisis prevention 
measure" or "crisis management measure" within the meaning of Directive 2014/59/EU and any relevant 
implementing measures in any member state. 
16. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does 
not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the 
Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 10 (Prescription). 
17. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be the Financial 
Times), or (b) if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of 
Euronext Dublin, on Euronext Dublin's website, https://live.euronext.com/.  The Issuer shall also ensure 
that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been 
admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority if required by those rules.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of 
the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the 
first publication in all required newspapers.   
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their 
respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day 
after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority 
so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted 
for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such mailing the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading 
by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such 
notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the said notice was 
given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in the 
case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in 
the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes).  Whilst any of the Notes are 
represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 - 
 
 
manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
18. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
This Condition contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of these 
Conditions, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement.  The Agency Agreement 
contains certain additional provisions which regulate procedural matters in relation to meetings of 
Noteholders. 
18.1 
Evidence of entitlement to attend and vote 
The following persons (each an "Eligible Person") are entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the 
holders of Notes: 
(a) 
a holder of any Notes in definitive form which is not held in an account with any clearing system; 
(b) 
a bearer of any voting certificate in respect of the Notes; and 
(c) 
a proxy specified in any block voting instruction. 
A Noteholder may require the issue by any Paying Agent of voting certificates and block voting 
instructions in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement. 
The holder of any voting certificate or the proxies named in any block voting instruction shall for all 
purposes in connection with the meeting or adjourned meeting be deemed to be the holder of the Notes 
to which the voting certificate or block voting instruction relates and the Paying Agent with which the 
Notes have been deposited or the person holding the Notes to the order or under the control of any Paying 
Agent shall be deemed for those purposes not to be the holder of those Notes. 
18.2 
Convening of meetings, quorum, adjourned meetings 
(a) 
The Issuer may at any time and, if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall convene a meeting 
of the Noteholders and if the Issuer fails for a period of seven days to convene the meeting the 
meeting may be convened by the relevant Noteholders.  Whenever the Issuer is about to convene 
any meeting it shall immediately give notice in writing to the Principal Paying Agent of the day, 
time and place of the meeting which need not be a physical place and instead may be by way of 
conference call, including by use of a videoconference platform, and of the nature of the business 
to be transacted at the meeting.  Every meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
(b) 
At least 21 clear days' notice specifying the place, day and hour of the meeting shall be given to 
the Noteholders in the manner provided in Condition 17 (Notices).  The notice, which shall be in 
the English language, shall state generally the nature of the business to be transacted at the 
meeting and, in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution only, shall either (i) specify the terms of 
the Extraordinary Resolution to be proposed or (ii) state fully the effect on the holders of such 
Extraordinary resolution, if passed.  The notice shall include statements as to the manner in which 
Noteholders may arrange for voting certificates or block voting instructions to be issued and, if 
applicable, appoint proxies or representatives.  A copy of the notice shall be sent by post to the 
Issuer (unless the meeting is convened by the Issuer). 
(c) 
The person (who may but need not be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer shall be 
entitled to take the chair at each meeting but if no nomination is made or if at any meeting the 
person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time appointed for holding the 
meeting the Noteholders present shall choose one of their number to be Chairman failing which 
the Issuer may appoint a Chairman.  The Chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same 
person as was Chairman of the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
(d) 
At any meeting one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate 
not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding shall

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 - 
 
 
(except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution) form a quorum for the 
transaction of business and no business (other than the choosing of a Chairman) shall be 
transacted at any meeting unless the required quorum is present at the commencement of business.  
The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject as provided 
below) be one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not 
less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding provided 
that at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters ("Basic Terms 
Modifications", each of which shall only be capable of being effected after having been 
approved by Extraordinary Resolution): 
(i) 
modification of the Maturity Date of the Notes or reduction or cancellation of the 
nominal amount payable at maturity; or 
(ii) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or modification of the payment date in 
respect of any interest in respect of the Notes or variation of the method of calculating 
the rate of interest in respect of the Notes (other than any change arising from the 
discontinuation of any interest rate benchmark used to determine the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes); or 
(iii) 
reduction of any Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iv) 
modification of the currency in which payments under the Notes are to be made; or 
(v) 
modification of the Deed of Covenant; or 
(vi) 
modification of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(vii) 
the sanctioning of any scheme or proposal described in Condition 18.3(i)(vi); or 
(viii) 
alteration of this proviso or the proviso to Condition 18.2(e) below, 
the quorum shall be one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the 
aggregate not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. 
(e) 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may 
decide) after the time appointed for any meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of 
any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if 
any) for which a quorum is present, the meeting shall if convened by Noteholders be dissolved.  
In any other case it shall be adjourned for a period being not less than 14 clear days nor more 
than 42 clear days and at a place appointed by the Chairman and approved by the Principal Paying 
Agent).  If within 15 minutes (or a longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may 
decide) after the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the 
transaction of any particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of 
the business (if any) for which a quorum is present, the Chairman may either dissolve the meeting 
or adjourn it for a period, being not less than 14 clear days (but without any maximum number 
of clear days) and to a place as may be appointed by the Chairman (either at or after the adjourned 
meeting) and approved by the Principal Paying Agent, and the provisions of this sentence shall 
apply to all further adjourned meetings. 
(f) 
At any adjourned meeting one or more Eligible Persons present (whatever the nominal amount 
of the Notes so held or represented by them) shall (subject as provided below) form a quorum 
and shall (subject as provided below) have power to pass any Extraordinary Resolution or other 
resolution and to decide upon all matters which could properly have been dealt with at the 
meeting from which the adjournment took place had the required quorum been present provided 
that at any adjourned meeting the business of which includes any of the Basic Terms 
Modifications specified in the proviso to Condition 18.2(d) the quorum shall be one or more 
Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than one-fourth in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 - 
 
 
(g) 
Notice of any adjourned meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be submitted shall 
be given in the same manner as notice of an original meeting but as if 10 were substituted for 21 
in Condition 18.2(b) and the notice shall state the relevant quorum.   
18.3 
Conduct of business at meetings 
(a) 
Every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of hands.  
A poll may be demanded (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands) by the 
Chairman, the Issuer or any Eligible Person (whatever the amount of the Notes so held or 
represented by him). In the case of an equality of votes the Chairman shall both on a show of 
hands and on a poll have a casting vote in addition to the vote or votes (if any) to which he may 
be entitled as an Eligible Person. 
(b) 
At any meeting, unless a poll is duly demanded, a declaration by the Chairman that a resolution 
has been carried or carried by a particular majority or lost or not carried by a particular majority 
shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes 
recorded in favour of or against the resolution. 
(c) 
Subject to Condition 18.3(f), if at any meeting a poll is demanded it shall be taken in the manner 
and, subject as provided below, either at once or after an adjournment as the Chairman may direct 
and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the meeting at which the poll 
was demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll.  The demand for a poll shall not prevent 
the continuance of the meeting for the transaction of any business other than the motion on which 
the poll has been demanded. 
(d) 
The Chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any meeting, adjourn the 
meeting from time to time and from place to place.  No business shall be transacted at any 
adjourned meeting except business which might lawfully (but for lack of required quorum) have 
been transacted at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
(e) 
Any poll demanded at any meeting on the election of a Chairman or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the meeting without adjournment. 
(f) 
Any director or officer of the Issuer and its lawyers and financial advisers and any director or 
officer of any of the Paying Agents may attend and speak at any meeting.  Subject to this, but 
without prejudice to the proviso to the definition of "outstanding" in these Conditions, no person 
shall be entitled to attend and speak nor shall any person be entitled to vote at any meeting of the 
Noteholders or join with others in requiring the convening of a meeting unless he is an Eligible 
Person.  No person shall be entitled to vote at any meeting in respect of Notes which are deemed 
not to be outstanding by virtue of the proviso to the definition of "outstanding" in these 
Conditions.  Nothing contained in this paragraph shall prevent any of the proxies named in any 
block voting instruction from being a director, officer or representative of or otherwise connected 
with the Issuer. 
(g) 
Subject as provided in Condition 18.3(f), at any meeting: 
(i) 
on a show of hands every Eligible Person present shall have one vote; and 
(ii) 
on a poll every Eligible Person present shall have one vote in respect of: 
(A) 
each €1.00; and 
(B) 
in the case of a meeting of the holders of Notes denominated in a currency other 
than Euro, the equivalent of  €1.00 in that currency (calculated as specified in 
subclause 18.3(m)(i) and 18.3(m)(ii)). 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the proxies named in any block voting instruction, any 
person entitled to more than one vote need not use all his votes or cast all the votes to which he 
is entitled in the same way. 
(h) 
The proxies named in any block voting instruction need not be Noteholders.

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 - 
 
 
(i) 
A meeting of the Noteholders shall in addition to the powers set out above have the following 
powers exercisable only by Extraordinary Resolution (subject to the provisions relating to 
quorum contained in Conditions 18.3(d) and 18.3(f)), namely: 
(i) 
power to approve any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the 
Issuer and the Noteholders and Couponholders or any of them; 
(ii) 
power to approve any abrogation, modification, compromise or arrangement in respect 
of the rights of the Noteholders and Couponholders against the Issuer or against any of 
its property whether these rights arise under this Agreement, the Notes or the Coupons 
or otherwise and whether or not involving a reduction or cancellation of all or part of 
the principal, interest or other amounts payable in respect of the Notes or an 
extinguishment of some or all of the rights of the Noteholders in respect of the Notes; 
(iii) 
power to agree to any modification of the provisions contained in the Agency Agreement 
or the Conditions, the Notes, the Coupons or the Deed of Covenant which is proposed 
by the Issuer; 
(iv) 
power to give any authority or approval which under the provisions of this Condition 
and Schedule 6 to the Agency Agreement or the Notes is required to be given by 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
(v) 
power to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or 
committees to represent the interests of the Noteholders and to confer upon any 
committee or committees any powers or discretions which the Noteholders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(vi) 
power to approve any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Notes for, or 
the conversion of the Notes into, or the cancellation of the Notes in consideration of, 
shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or 
securities of the Issuer or any other company formed or to be formed, or for or into or 
in consideration of cash, or partly for or into or in consideration of shares, stock, notes, 
bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or securities as stated 
above and partly for or into or in consideration of cash; and 
(vii) 
power to approve the substitution of any entity in place of the Issuer (or any previous 
substitute) as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the Coupons. 
(j) 
Any resolution (including an Extraordinary Resolution) (i) passed at a meeting of the 
Noteholders duly convened and held (ii) passed as a resolution in writing or (iii) passed by way 
of electronic consents given by Noteholders through the relevant clearing system(s), in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition and Schedule 6 to the Agency Agreement, shall 
be binding upon all the Noteholders whether present or not present at the meeting referred to in 
(i) above and whether or not voting (including when passed as a resolution in writing or by way 
of electronic consent) and upon all Couponholders and each of them shall be bound to give effect 
to the resolution accordingly and the passing of any resolution shall be conclusive evidence that 
the circumstances justify its passing.  Notice of the result of voting on any resolution duly 
considered by the Noteholders shall be published in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) by 
the Issuer within 14 days of the result being known provided that non-publication shall not 
invalidate the resolution. 
(k) 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting shall be made and duly entered in 
books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and any minutes signed by 
the Chairman of the meeting at which any resolution was passed or proceedings had shall be 
conclusive evidence of the matters contained in them and, until the contrary is proved, every 
meeting in respect of the proceedings of which minutes have been made shall be deemed to have 
been duly held and convened and all resolutions passed or proceedings had at the meeting to 
have been duly passed or had. 
(l) 
Subject to all other provisions contained in this Condition and Schedule 6 to the Agency 
Agreement the Principal Paying Agent may without the consent of the Issuer, the Noteholders or

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 - 
 
 
the Couponholders prescribe any other regulations regarding the calling and/or the holding of 
meetings of Noteholders and attendance and voting at them as the Principal Paying Agent may 
in its sole discretion think fit (including, without limitation, the substitution for periods of 24 
hours and 48 hours referred to in this Condition and Schedule 6 to the Agency Agreement of 
shorter periods).  Any regulations prescribed by the Principal Paying Agent may but need not 
reflect the practices and facilities of any relevant clearing system.  Notice of any other regulations 
may be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and/or at the time of 
service of any notice convening a meeting. 
(m) 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Notes which are not denominated in Euro, the 
nominal amount of such Notes shall: 
(i) 
for the purposes of Condition 18.2(a) above, be the equivalent in Euro at the spot rate of 
a bank nominated by the Principal Paying Agent for the conversion of the relevant 
currency or currencies into Euro on the seventh dealing day before the day on which the 
written requirement to call the meeting is received by the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
for the purposes of Condition 18.2(d), 18.2(f) and 18.3(g) above (whether in respect of 
the meeting or any adjourned meeting or any poll), be the equivalent at that spot rate on 
the seventh dealing day before the day of the meeting, 
and, in all cases, the equivalent in Euro of any Notes issued at a discount or a premium shall be 
calculated by reference to the original nominal amount of those Notes. 
In the circumstances set out above, on any poll each person present shall have one vote for each 
€1.00 in nominal amount of the Notes (converted as above) which he holds or represents. 
18.4 
Modifications 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required 
as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement 
which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Deed of Covenant or the Agency Agreement 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply 
with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
18.5 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"block voting instruction" means an English language document issued by a Paying Agent and dated: 
(a) 
which relates to a specified nominal amount of Notes and a meeting (or adjourned meeting) of 
the holders of the Series of which those Notes form part; 
(b) 
in which it is certified that on the date thereof Notes (whether in definitive form or represented 
by a Global Note) (not being Notes in respect of which a voting certificate has been issued and 
is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such block voting instruction) have been 
deposited with such Paying Agent or (to the satisfaction of such Paying Agent) are held to its 
order or under its control or are blocked in an account with a Clearing System and that no such 
Notes will cease to be so deposited or held or blocked until the first to occur of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such block voting instruction; and

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 - 
 
 
(ii) 
the surrender to the Paying Agent, not less than 48 hours before the time for which 
such meeting is convened, of the receipt issued by such Paying Agent in respect of 
each such deposited Note which is to be released or (as the case may require) the Notes 
ceasing with the agreement of the Paying Agent to be held to its order or under its 
control or so blocked and the giving of notice by the Paying Agent to the Issuer in 
accordance with subclause 3.4 of Schedule 6 to the Agency Agreement of the 
necessary amendment to the block voting instruction; 
(c) 
states that the Paying Agent has been instructed (either by the holders of the Notes or by a 
relevant clearing system) that the votes attributable to the Notes so blocked should be cast in 
accordance with the instructions given in relation to the resolution(s) to be put to such meeting 
and that all such instructions are, during the period commencing 48 hours prior to the time for 
which such meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion or adjournment thereof, neither 
revocable nor capable of amendment; 
(d) 
which identifies with regard to each resolution to be proposed at the meeting the nominal 
amount of Notes so blocked, distinguishing with regard to each such resolution between those 
in respect of which instructions have been given that the votes attributable to them should be 
cast in favour of the resolution and those in respect of which instructions have been given that 
the votes attributable to them should be cast against the resolution; and 
(e) 
which states that one or more named persons (each a proxy) is or are authorised and instructed 
by the Paying Agent to cast the votes attributable to the Notes identified in accordance with the 
instructions referred to in (d) above as set out in the block voting instruction; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means; 
(a) 
a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition and Schedule 6 to the Agency Agreement by a majority 
consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the persons voting on the resolution upon a show of 
hands or, if a poll was duly demanded, by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of 
the votes given on the poll;  
(b) 
a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, which resolution in writing may 
be contained in one document or in several documents in similar form each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more of the Noteholders; or 
(c) 
consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form 
satisfactory to the Principal Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than: 
(a) 
those Notes which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to the Conditions; 
(b) 
those Notes in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with the Conditions has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to the date for 
redemption and any interest (if any) payable under the Conditions after that date) have been 
duly paid to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent in the manner provided in the Agency 
Agreement (and where appropriate notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with the Conditions) and remain available for payment of the relevant Notes and/or 
Coupons; 
(c) 
those Notes which have been purchased and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions; 
(d) 
those Notes in respect of which claims have become prescribed under the Conditions; 
(e) 
those mutilated or defaced Notes which have been surrendered and cancelled and in respect of 
which replacements have been issued under the Conditions;

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 - 
 
 
(f) 
(for the purpose only of ascertaining the nominal amount of the Notes outstanding and without 
prejudice to the status for any other purpose of the relevant Notes) those Notes which are alleged 
to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacements have been issued 
under the Conditions;  
(g) 
any Temporary Bearer Global Note to the extent that it has been exchanged for Definitive Bearer 
Notes or a Permanent Bearer Global Note and any Permanent Bearer Global Note to the extent 
that it has been exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes in each case under its provisions; and 
(h) 
any Registered Global Note to the extent that it has been exchanged for Definitive Registered 
Notes and any Definitive Registered Note to the extent it has been exchanged for an interest in 
a Registered Global Note, 
provided that for the purpose of: 
(i) 
attending and voting at any meeting of the Noteholders of the Series, passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution in writing or an Extraordinary Resolution by way of electronic consents given 
through the relevant clearing systems as envisaged by these Conditions and the terms of the 
Agency Agreement; and 
(ii) 
determining how many and which Notes of the Series are for the time being outstanding for the 
purposes of Condition 18, 
those Notes (if any) which are for the time being held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or any Subsidiary 
of the Issuer shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding; 
"a relevant clearing system" means, in respect of any Notes, any clearing system on behalf of which 
such Note is held or which is the bearer or (directly or through a nominee) registered owner of a Note, in 
each case whether alone or jointly with any other clearing system(s); 
"voting certificate" means an English language certificate issued by a Paying Agent and dated in which 
it is stated:  
(a) 
that on the date thereof Notes (whether in definitive form or represented by a Global Note) (not 
being Notes in respect of which a block voting instruction has been issued and is outstanding in 
respect of the meeting specified in such voting certificate) where deposited with such Paying 
Agent or (to the satisfaction of such Paying Agent) are held to its order or under its control or 
are blocked in an account with a Clearing System and that no such Notes will cease to be so 
deposited or held or blocked until the first occur of:  
(i) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such voting certificate; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of the voting certificate to the Paying Agent who issued the same; and  
(b) 
that the bearer of the voting certificate is entitled to attend and vote at the meeting and any 
adjourned meeting in respect of the Notes represented by the certificate; 
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are open for business 
both in the place where the meeting is to be held and in each of the places where the Paying Agents have 
their specified offices (disregarding for this purpose the day on which the meeting is to be held) and that 
period shall be extended by one period or, to the extent necessary, more periods of 24 hours until there is 
included all or part of a day on which banks are open for business in all of the places where the Paying 
Agents have their specified offices; and 
"48 hours" means a period of 48 hours including all or part of two days on which banks are open for 
business both in the place where the meeting is to be held and in each of the places where the Paying 
Agents have their specified offices (disregarding for this purpose the day on which the meeting is to be 
held) and that period shall be extended by one period or, to the extent necessary, more periods of 24 hours 
until there is included all or part of two days on which banks are open for business in all of the places 
where the Paying Agents have their specified offices.

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 - 
 
 
References in this Condition 18 to the Notes are to the Series of Notes in respect of which the meeting is, 
or is proposed to be, convened. 
For the purposes of calculating a period of clear days, no account shall be taken of the day on which a 
period commences or the day on which a period ends. 
19. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
To the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations and subject to the approval of relevant 
governmental authority or agency (if any), the Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and 
conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
20. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
(a) 
The Issuer (or any previous substitute under this Condition) may, with respect to any Series of 
Notes issued by it (the "Relevant Notes"), without the further consent of the Noteholders but, 
subject to such substitution being in compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) and subject to the prior permission 
of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as applicable (if 
such permission is required), be replaced and substituted by any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries 
or by any other entity which is a Member to whom the Issuer shall have transferred the whole or 
a substantial part of its assets and liabilities pursuant to a Permitted Reorganisation (a 
"Transferee") as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes, Coupons, Talons and the Deed of 
Covenant (the "Substituted Debtor"), provided that: 
(i) 
the Issuer is not in default in respect of any amount payable under any of the Relevant 
Notes;  
(ii) 
the Issuer (or any previous substitute under this Condition 20) and the Substituted 
Debtor have granted or entered into a deed poll and/or such other documents (the 
"Documents") as are necessary to give effect to the substitution and in which the 
Substituted Debtor has undertaken in favour of each Noteholder of the Relevant Notes 
to be bound by these Conditions and the provisions of the Agency Agreement and (in 
the case of English Law Notes) the Deed of Covenant as the debtor in respect of such 
Notes in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 20) and 
pursuant to which the Issuer (except where the Substituted Debtor is a Transferee) shall 
unconditionally and irrevocably guarantee (the "New Guarantee") in favour of each 
Noteholder the payment of all sums payable by the Substituted Debtor as such principal 
debtor with the Issuer's obligations under the New Guarantee ranking pari passu with 
the Issuer's obligations under the Notes prior to the substitution becoming effective; 
(iii) 
if the Substituted Debtor is resident for tax purposes in a territory (the "New Residence") 
other than that in which the Issuer prior to such substitution was resident for tax purposes 
(the "Former Residence") the Documents contain an undertaking and/or such other 
provisions as may be necessary to ensure that each Noteholder of the Relevant Notes 
has the benefit of an undertaking in terms corresponding to the provisions of Condition 
9 (Taxation), with, where applicable, the substitution of references to the Former 
Residence with references to the New Residence. The Documents also contain a 
covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer (except where the Substituted Debtor 
is a Transferee) to indemnify and hold harmless each Noteholder against all taxes or 
duties which arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in 
reasonable contemplation thereof on the date such substitution becomes effective, which 
may be incurred or levied against such holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to 
this Condition 20 and which would not have been so incurred or levied had such 
substitution not been made (and, without limiting the foregoing, any and all taxes or 
duties which are imposed on any such Noteholder by any political subdivision or taxing 
authority of any country in which such Noteholder resides or is subject to any such tax 
or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such substitution not been made);

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 - 
 
 
(iv) 
the Documents contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and the 
Issuer that the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer have obtained all necessary 
governmental approvals and consents for such substitution and (except where the 
Substituted Debtor is a Transferee) for the giving by the Issuer of the New Guarantee in 
respect of the obligations of the Substituted Debtor and for the performance by each of 
the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer of their respective obligations under the 
Documents and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect; 
(v) 
each stock exchange on which the Relevant Notes are listed has confirmed that, 
following the proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor, the Relevant Notes will 
continue to be listed on such stock exchange (of the Issuer or the Substituted Debtor is 
otherwise satisfied of the same); 
(vi) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Principal Paying Agent (from whom 
copies will be available for viewing at its offices on a non-reliance basis) from lawyers 
of recognised standing in the country of incorporation of the Substituted Debtor and the 
country which laws governs the relevant Notes, confirming, as appropriate, that upon 
the substitution taking place the Notes, Coupons and Talons are legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor enforceable in accordance with their terms; 
(vii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Principal Paying Agent (from whom 
copies will be available for viewing at its offices on a non-reliance basis) from lawyers 
of recognised standing in the country which law governs the Documents that upon the 
substitution taking place the Documents (including the New Guarantee given by the 
Issuer in respect of the Substituted Debtor) constitute legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Issuer enforceable in accordance with their terms; 
(viii) 
a legal opinion shall have been delivered to the Principal Paying Agent (from whom 
copies will be available for viewing at its offices on a non-reliance basis) from lawyers 
of recognised standing in the relevant jurisdiction that upon the substitution taking place 
the Documents (including the New Guarantee given by the Issuer in respect of the 
Substituted Debtor) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the parties thereto 
under the relevant applicable law; 
(ix) 
any rating agency which has issued a rating in connection with the Relevant Notes shall 
have confirmed to the Issuer that following the proposed substitution of the Substituted 
Debtor, the credit rating of the Relevant Notes will remain the same or be improved; 
(x) 
if applicable, the Substituted Debtor has appointed a process agent as its agent in 
England to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Relevant Notes and any Coupons and the 
Documents; and 
(xi) 
the substitution complies with all applicable requirements established under the laws of 
jurisdiction of the Substituted Debtor. 
(b) 
Upon the execution of the Documents and the delivery of the legal opinions, the Substituted 
Debtor shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power, of the 
Issuer (or any previous substitute under this Condition 20) under the Relevant Notes and any 
related Coupons or Talons and the Agency Agreement and (in the case of English Law Notes) 
the Deed of Covenant with the same effect as if the Substituted Debtor had been named as the 
principal debtor in place of the Issuer herein, and the Issuer or any previous substitute under these 
provisions shall, upon the execution of the Documents be released from its obligations under the 
Relevant Notes and any related Coupons or Talons and under the Agency Agreement and the 
Deed of Covenant. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 20(a), the Substituted Debtor may, without the further 
consent of any Noteholder, effect a further substitution.  All the provisions specified in Condition 
20(a) and 20(b) shall apply, mutatis mutandis, and references in these Conditions to the Issuer 
shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such further 
Substituted Debtor.

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 - 
 
 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to Condition 20(a) or 20(c) any Substituted Debtor may, without 
the further consent of any Noteholder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
The Documents shall be delivered to, and kept by, the Principal Paying Agent for so long as any 
Note remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Debtor by 
any Noteholder in relation to the Notes or the Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated 
or settled or discharged.  Copies of the Documents will be available free of charge at the specified 
office of each of the Agents. 
(f) 
Not later than 15 Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor 
shall give notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
21. 
SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION 
21.1 
This Condition 21.1 applies to MREL Eligible Ordinary Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes and 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and references to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly.  
If a Capital Event, an Eligible Liabilities Event or circumstance giving rise to the right of the Issuer to 
redeem the MREL Eligible Ordinary Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes or Senior Non Preferred Notes 
under Condition 8.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) (a "Tax Event") occurs and is continuing, the Issuer 
may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the 
Notes (including changing the governing law of the Notes from English law to Spanish law), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they are substituted for, or varied to 
become or remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and the Agent (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and specify the date for substitution or, as applicable, variation), and subject to obtaining 
the prior permission of the Competent Authority and/or Relevant Resolution Authority if and as 
applicable (if such permission is required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations)) and in accordance with Applicable Banking 
Regulations (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Applicable MREL Regulations) in force at the 
relevant time.  
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation 
shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions 
of the relevant Notes.  Such substitution or variation shall be effected without any cost or charge to the 
Noteholders.  
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing the relevant Notes, be deemed to accept the 
substitution or variation of the terms of such Notes and to grant the Issuer full power and authority to take 
any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on behalf of the Noteholder which 
is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes.  
In the Conditions: 
"Qualifying Notes" means, at any time, any securities denominated in the Specified Currency and issued 
directly by the Issuer that have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than 
the terms of the MREL Eligible Ordinary Senior Notes, the Subordinated Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes (as applicable) provided that the Issuer shall have delivered a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories to that effect to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) and 
the Agent not less than five Business Days prior to (x) in the case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue 
date of the relevant securities or (y) in the case of a variation of the Notes, the date such variation becomes 
effective, provided that such securities shall: 
(a) 
in the case of MREL Eligible Ordinary Senior Notes, contain terms that comply with the then 
current requirements for MREL-Eligible Senior Preferred Instruments of the Issuer and/or the 
GCC Group; (ii) in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, contain terms that comply with the 
then current requirements for MREL-Eligible Senior Non Preferred Instruments of the Issuer 
and/or the GCC Group; (iii) in the case of Senior Subordinated Notes contain terms which 
comply with the then current MREL Requirements, in each case as embodied in the Applicable 
MREL Regulations; and (iv) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, contain terms which

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 - 
 
 
comply with the then current requirements for their inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer 
and/or the GCC Group, as embodied in the Applicable Banking Regulations; and 
(b) 
carry the same rate of interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(c) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(d) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the Notes prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation; and 
(e) 
have a ranking which is the same as or higher than the ranking of the Notes set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(f) 
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to (i) in the case of Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes, an Eligible Liabilities Event or an early redemption right for 
taxation reasons according to Condition 8.2; and (ii) in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, 
a Capital Event or an early redemption right for taxation reasons according to Condition 8.2; 
and 
(g) 
be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the Issuer, if Notes were 
listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange immediately prior to the relevant substitution 
or variation. 
For the purposes of the definition of Qualifying Notes, (i) any change in the governing law of the Notes 
from English law to Spanish law so that the English Law Notes become or remain Qualifying Notes shall 
not be subject to the requirement not to be materially less favourable to the interests of the Noteholders 
of the English Law Notes, and (ii) any variation in the ranking of the relevant Notes as set out in Condition 
3 (Status of the Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) resulting from any such substitution or 
modification shall be deemed not to be materially less favourable to the interests of the Noteholders where 
the ranking of such Notes following such substitution or modification is at least the same ranking as is 
applicable to such Notes as set out in the applicable Final Terms on the Issue Date of such Notes. 
22. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. 
23. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
The governing law of the Notes will be specified in Part A of the applicable Final Terms. 
23.1 
English Law 
This Condition 23.1 applies to English Law Notes. 
(a) 
Governing law: 
The Notes (except for Conditions 3 and 14), the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes (except for Conditions 3 and 14), and the Coupons 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. Conditions 3 and 14 
(and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with either of them) are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Spanish law. The Notes are issued in 
accordance with the formalities prescribed by Spanish company law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction: 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 23.1(b)(iii) and (iv) below, the English courts have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or 
the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 - 
 
 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes 
and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute") and accordingly each of the Issuer and any 
Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(ii) 
For the purposes of this Condition 23.1, the Issuer waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute.  
(iii) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect 
of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and 
(ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(iv) 
Notwithstanding the above, each of the Issuer and any Noteholder submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the Spanish courts, in particular, to the venue of the city of 
Madrid, in relation to any dispute arising out of or in connection with the application of 
any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority (a "Bail-in Dispute"). 
Each of the Issuer and any Noteholder or Couponholder in relation to a Bail-in Dispute 
further waives any objection to the Spanish courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Bail-in Dispute.  
(c) 
Appointment of Process Agent: 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at Fifth Floor, 100 
Wood Street, London EC2V 7EX as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before 
the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Law Debenture 
Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will 
immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of 
any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not 
invalidate service.  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
23.2 
Spanish Law 
This Condition 23.2 applies to Spanish Law Notes. 
(a) 
Governing law: 
The Notes, any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and 
the application of any Loss Absorbing Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, Spanish law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction: 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the Noteholders that the courts of Spain 
in the city of Madrid, Spain are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of 
or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes) and that accordingly any suit, action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes (together referred to as "Proceedings") 
may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it may have 
now or hereinafter to the laying of the venue of any Proceedings in the courts of the city of 
Madrid, Spain. To the extent permitted by law, nothing contained in this Condition 23.2 shall 
limit any right of any Noteholders or Couponholders (other than in relation to any Bail-in Dispute) 
to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any 
other competent jurisdictions, whether concurrently or not. 
In addition, the courts of Spain in the city of Madrid have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
Bail-in Dispute and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in 
relation to any Bail-in Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Spain in the 
city of Madrid. Each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Bail-

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 - 
 
 
in Dispute further waives any objection to the Spanish courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Bail-in Dispute. 
23.3 
Other documents  
The Issuer has in the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out 
above.

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 - 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds from each issue of Notes (including Senior Notes and Subordinated 
Notes) will be applied by the Issuer: 
(i) 
for its general corporate purposes; or 
(ii) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing Eligible Green Projects meeting the Eligibility 
Criteria, in which case the relevant Notes will be identified as "Green Notes" in the applicable Final 
Terms; or  
(iii) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing Eligible Social Projects meeting the Eligibility 
Criteria, in which case the relevant Notes will be identified as "Social Notes" in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(iv) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, a combination of new or existing Eligible Green Projects and 
Eligible Social Projects, in each case meeting the Eligibility Criteria, in which case the relevant Notes 
will be identified as "Sustainability Notes" in the applicable Final Terms. 
If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Eligible Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the GCC Group as set out in the Sustainable Bond Framework 
and in the Social Bonds Framework, as the case may be.  
"Eligible Green Projects" means projects falling under the green categories set out in the Sustainable Bond 
Framework and any other "green" projects set out in the ICMA Green Bond Principles. 
"Eligible Social Projects" means projects falling under the social categories set out in the Sustainable Bond 
Framework and any other "social" projects set out in the ICMA Social Bond Principles. 
"ICMA Green Bond Principles" means the Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association, as updated from time to time. 
"ICMA Social Bond Principles" means the Social Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association, as updated from time to time. 
"ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines" means the Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the 
International Capital Markets Association, as updated from time to time. 
"Sustainable Bond Framework" means the latest Sustainable Bond Framework published by the GCC Group 
available for viewing on the Issuer's website (https://www.bcc.es/en/responsabilidad-corporativa/marco-de-
bonos-sostenibles/) (including as amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise updated on such website from 
time to time). 
The current Sustainable Bond Framework of the Issuer dated 21 December 2021 is in alignment with the: Green 
Bond Principles (GBP-2021), Social Bond Principles (SBP-2021), and Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG-
2021), established by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA). This alignment has been ratified by 
a Second Party Opinion (SPO) provided by a renowned independent organisation. 
The following four key pillars are addressed: (i) use of proceeds, (ii) process for project evaluation and selection, 
(iii) management of proceeds and (iv) reporting. 
Neither the Sustainable Bond Framework nor any of the above websites are incorporated in or form part of this 
Offering Circular.

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 - 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GCC GROUP 
INTRODUCTION  
Banco de Crédito Social Cooperativo, S.A. is the management company of, as well as a member of, a group of 
Spanish financial institutions (all credit cooperatives (cajas rurales) other than BCC itself which is a bank), each 
of which operates under their own brand but carry out their activities as a cooperative group within an agreed 
common framework and subject to a set of common rules and policies under the name Grupo Cooperativo Cajamar 
(the GCC Group). The shareholders of BCC are comprised of all of the members of the GCC Group as well as a 
number of other institutional and non-institutional investors who are not members of the GCC Group.  
Nature of BCC 
The Issuer is a duly registered private bank incorporated on 28 January 2014 under a public deed executed before 
Mr. José Enrique Cachón Blanco, Notary of Madrid, under number 293 of his record, registered with the Madrid 
Mercantile Register in Volume 31,884, Folio 131, Page M-573805, Entry 1 on 10 February 2014. The 
authorisation of the Bank of Spain for the shareholders to grant the deed was issued on 27 January 2014 by 
the Directorate General for Financial Regulation and Stability, in the terms laid down in Royal Decree 1245/1995 
of 14 July (Real Decreto 1245/1995, de 14 de julio, sobre creación de Bancos, actividad transfronteriza y otras 
cuestiones relativas al régimen jurídico de las entidades de crédito), currently repealed by Royal Decree 84/2015, 
of 13 February. On 18 February 2014 the Issuer was registered with the Register of Banks and Bankers of the 
Bank of Spain under code number 0240 and has tax ID number A86853140.  
BCC's registered office is Paseo de la Castellana 87, 28046, Madrid, Spain and its contact telephone number is    
+ 34 914 364 703. The Issuer may establish branches, agencies and representative offices anywhere in Spain and 
abroad, in accordance with applicable legislation.  
The Issuer is a Spanish company with legal status as a public limited company (sociedad anónima) and is governed 
by the Spanish Companies Act (Texto Refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital), approved by Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio, por el que se aprueba el 
texto refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital). The Issuer is subject to special legislation applicable to credit 
entities and private banking in general, and the supervision, control and regulation of the ECB. 
Incorporation and status of BCC 
BCC started its operations in July 2014 and was initially founded by 19 shareholders (all the Spanish credit 
cooperatives (cajas rurales) which originally formed the Cajas Rurales Unidas Cooperative Group together with 
13 other external shareholders). 
The GCC Group was formed in February 2014 following prior authorisation by means of a resolution of the 
Executive Committee of the Bank of Spain, which recognised the GCC Group (i) as a consolidated group of credit 
institutions and (ii) as an institutional protection scheme (GCC IPS). The objective of this structure was to 
strengthen these credit cooperatives by forming a consolidated group and a common business strategy, with a 
parent entity, that is a private bank, thus improving access to financial markets and enabling the GCC Group to 
raise capital from sources other than member contributions. This structure is also intended to enable a better 
understanding of the GCC Group by investors, supervisors and rating agencies. 
As of 31 December 2021, the share capital of BCC was €1,059 million (same figure as of 31 December 2020), 
being its shareholders the 18 credit cooperatives of the GCC Group (as Caixa Rural Albalat dels Sorells, 
Cooperativa de Crèdit Valenciana was absorbed by Cajamar Caja Rural, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
("Cajamar") in 2018) and having 24 entities and 24 individuals as external shareholders (See " – Capital Structure 
and Major Shareholders of BCC" for a list of the shareholders at the date of this Offering Circular and their 
percentage participation in the share capital of BCC at such date).  
BCC develops this common strategy as well as these common policies on behalf of, and for implementation by, 
the members of the GCC Group. As of the date of this Offering Circular, the majority of the GCC Group's assets 
are owned by Cajamar. 
Grupo Cooperativo Cajamar 
The GCC Group was formed as a cooperative group in accordance with Spanish law. In summary, a cooperative 
group under Spanish law is a group comprised of various cooperative companies, regardless of type, and of a

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 - 
 
 
group company leader with power to act on behalf of, and who is responsible for directing, the group entities. The 
GCC Group is composed of 18 cooperative credit entities (cajas rurales) and one public limited company 
(sociedad anónima) (Banco de Crédito Social Cooperativo S.A.) acting as the parent company (the "Parent 
company"). The Members are obliged to comply with the directions of the Parent company, such that there is 
decision-making unity within the exercise of the powers of the Parent company. 
The Members have set out their rights and obligations, as well as the competencies delegated to BCC, in the 
regulating agreement (the "Regulating Agreement"), the current wording of which was unanimously approved 
by the General Meeting of the Members on 12 December 2018. In the Regulating Agreement the Members waive 
their own decision-making powers in BCC's favour to ensure the existence of a single decision-making unit. As 
BCC oversees and manages the GCC Group's policies and has been granted the necessary powers, its instructions 
are mandatory for all Members. 
In accordance with the requirements laid down in Circular 3/2008 and Circular 2/2016, the Regulating Agreement 
establishes solvency commitments that are reciprocal, direct and unconditional. They are designed to avoid 
situations of insolvency on the one hand, and to assess the GCC Group's capital requirements on a common basis 
and set a solvency objective for the GCC Group that all Members undertake to fulfil, on the other. Additionally, 
a mandatory capitalisation plan and/or support plans is/are established for Members in the event any of them 
report a shortfall in funds with respect to the agreed objective.  
Similarly, the Regulating Agreement includes a liquidity commitment and, in the event any Members have 
insufficient liquidity, a liquidity plan and financial assistance plans in order to return to normality. 
All of the aforementioned commitments, and the pooling of profits and losses, do not represent an obstacle, in 
accordance with the applicable legislation, for each of the Members to retain full legal status; have their own 
management, administration and governance structures (except where such activities are delegated to the Parent 
company), governing and management bodies, employees and employment framework and brand; and manage 
their education and development fund. 
Pursuant to the Regulating Agreement, BCC is responsible for monitoring the solvency and liquidity of the GCC 
Group and of all Members, and for deciding any support measures to be adopted in order to provide support to 
any Member. In such an event, BCC's Board of Directors would issue binding instructions aimed at ensuring the 
solvency and liquidity of the GCC Group and the Members, if so required by the Bank of Spain or the single 
European supervisor in accordance with prevailing legislation. 
The participating credit cooperatives (cajas rurales) that form the GCC Group together with BCC as well as the 
dates on which their respective general assemblies approved their membership of the GCC Group are set out in 
the following table: 
Entity 
Assembly Date 
Banco de Crédito Social Cooperativo, S.A. 
28/01/2014 
Cajamar Caja Rural, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito (1) 
28/11/2013 
Caixa Rural de Altea, Cooperativa de Credit Valenciana 
27/11/2013 
Caja Rural San José de Burriana, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
28/11/2013 
Caja Rural de Callosa d'en Sarriá, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
28/11/2013 
Caja Rural San José de Nules, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
28/11/2013 
Caja Rural de Cheste, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
28/11/2013 
Caja Rural de Alginet, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
28/11/2013 
Caja Rural San Jaime de Alquerias del Niño Perdido, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
28/11/2013 
Caja Rural de Villar, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
28/11/2013 
Caja Rural San José Vilavella, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito(1) 
28/11/2013 
Caja Rural San Roque de Almenara, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
28/11/2013 
Caja Rural La Junquera de Chilches, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
28/11/2013 
Caja Rural San Isidro de Vilafamés, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
28/11/2013 
Caja Rural Católico Agraria, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
28/11/2013 
Caja Rural Sant Vicente Ferrer de la Vall D'Uixo, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
28/11/2013 
Caja de Crédito de Petrel, Caja Rural, Cooperativa de Crédito Valenciana 
29/11/2013 
Caixa Rural de Turis, Cooperativa de Crédito Valenciana 
28/11/2013 
Caixa Rural de Torrent, Cooperativa de Credit Valenciana 
28/11/2013 
(1) 
Formerly, Cajas Rurales Unidas, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito. Cajas Rurales Unidas, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito was 
renamed to Cajamar Caja Rural, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito in December 2015. 
Membership of the GCC Group 
Only legally recognised credit cooperatives which have been duly formed in accordance with applicable 
legislation, which have received all legally required authorisations, and which assume the commitments set out in

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 - 
 
 
the Regulating Agreement, can become Members of the GCC Group. The one exception to this is the management 
company of the GCC Group, BCC, which is a private bank.  
Admission of a credit cooperative as a new Member must be preceded by an application approved by its governing 
bodies and will involve a necessary acquisition of the Parent company's share capital, either by subscribing shares 
in a capital increase or by purchasing shares from one of the Parent company's shareholders. 
Members are required at all times to retain full ownership of their shares in the Parent company and any 
preferential subscription rights they may hold, free of charges and encumbrances and with all relevant dividend 
and voting rights.  
Members may only transfer their shares in the Parent company to other Members and third parties with the prior 
consent of the Parent company. In this event, an adjustment must be agreed and made to the corporate governance 
rules included in the Regulating Agreement based on the new percentage holdings in the Parent company's share 
capital. 
Objectives and Operating Structure of the GCC Group 
Under the Regulating Agreement, the Members waive their own decision-making powers in favour of BCC which 
was formed as the central decision-making entity of the GCC Group.  
BCC oversees and manages the GCC Group's policies and its powers in respect of the GCC Group include: 
strategic management of the GCC Group, preparation of budgets, decisions concerning the issuance of instruments 
qualifying as own funds, except contributions to Members' capital by their partners (however Members have to 
obtain authorisation from the Parent company before redeeming capital contributions, so as to safeguard the GCC 
Group's liquidity and/or solvency, and in particular Cajamar has delegated powers to the Parent company to 
authorise the redemption of capital contributions in order to safeguard the GCC Group's solvency), policies, 
procedures and risk controls, cash management, business plan, geographical expansion and determining the size 
of the network, internal control and audit, personnel policies, including all aspects of the fixed and variable 
remuneration policy and, if appropriate, the possible existence of senior management contracts, the terms of their 
dismissal and pension or similar commitments, information and technology platforms and levels of in-house and 
out-of-house services (Service Level Agreements), establishment of the remuneration framework for capital 
contributions, decisions on the distribution or application of results, and indication of agreements Members must 
adopt through their respective and pertinent governing bodies to comply with any obligatory instructions issued 
by the Parent company on the date special powers are delegated. The Parent company must lay down guidelines 
and, where appropriate, issue mandatory instructions in the above areas. BCC's instructions and decisions are 
binding for all Members. 
Each Member operates under its own trademark but must identify itself clearly as a member of the GCC Group 
and comply with the communication policy set out by BCC as well as all other obligations deriving from the 
Regulating Agreement. 
Thus, BCC has the power to represent the GCC Group and its Members, but each Member maintains its own full 
legal personality, autonomous management, administration and governance (barring matters specifically 
delegated to BCC), governance and management bodies, workforce and labour relations framework, image and 
management of its education and development fund. 
Consolidation of annual accounts 
Pursuant to the Regulating Agreement, BCC is responsible for preparing, in addition to its own annual accounts, 
the consolidated annual accounts of the GCC Group (including the financial information of each of the Members).  
Thus, the consolidated audited annual accounts of BCC reflect the assets, liabilities and business of the various 
Members comprising the GCC Group. 
Profit and Loss Pooling of GCC Group results 
The pooling of profit and loss is a mechanism for group integration in order to strengthen economic unity, which 
is the basis of the GCC Group's consolidation.

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 - 
 
 
Positive amounts derived from such pooling are recorded on the Profit and Loss Account under "Other operating 
income – Other recurring income". If the result is negative, it is recognised under "Other operating expenses – 
Other items". 
The current pooling mechanism is as defined in the current wording of the Regulatory Agreement. The key aspects 
of the mechanism are as follows: 
a) 
General pooling rules 
Each year the Members are required to contribute 100% of their respective Adjusted Gross Result (as 
defined below) to a fund to be distributed in its entirety to Members in proportion to their respective 
interest in the GCC Group's own funds. 
Each Member's interest in total GCC Group equity is calculated taking into consideration the following 
definitions: 
I. 
Gross Result: This is the profit or loss generated in the financial year or calculation period by 
each Member as per its separate financial statements, before tax, excluding: (i) amount 
recognised for previous pooling in the same calculation period; (ii) dividends or any other type 
of partner remuneration for holding an equity stake in another GCC Group entity; 
(iii) impairment losses of equity stakes in GCC Group entities; (iv) mandatory contributions to 
the education and development fund; (v) losses from penalties imposed under the penalty system 
set out in the current agreement; and (vi) losses that entities are required to assume individually 
to comply with the obligations established by the Parent company on the date special powers 
were delegated or as a result of other Members contributing, for nothing in return, to the own 
funds of a Member in accordance with the Regulatory Agreement. 
II. 
Adjustments to the Gross Result to Guarantee Maximum Internal Fairness in the GCC Group: 
• 
Any revenue that is exempt from corporate income tax and non-deductible expenses 
vis-à-vis corporate income tax generated in circumstances where one or several 
Members assume 100% of the burden that the GCC Group as a whole should bear. For 
example, but not exhaustively: (i) tax-free dividends received by an entity as a result 
of holding an equity stake on behalf of the GCC Group; (ii) non-deductible write-
downs of equity stakes in holding companies; and (iii) the impacts on results with no 
tax effect of goodwill or negative goodwill generated in business combinations and 
any other impact with similar effects. 
• 
Any direct impacts on an entity's equity not recognised through profit or loss and 
therefore never pooled. For example, but not exhaustively: (i) payment of interest on 
any Additional Tier 1 instruments issued to bolster the GCC Group's solvency; and 
(ii) gains/losses on disposal of equity instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income and any other similar impacts. 
The affected entity's Gross Result will be adjusted to obtain a result that is as close as possible 
to that which would have been obtained if the event giving rise to the adjustment had been 
allocated among all GCC Group entities as per their pooling share. 
Adjustments to the Gross Result may be deferred over the year taking into account any known 
adjustments and their expected impact, provided they reflect the true picture at year-end. 
The Parent company is expressly authorised to make any necessary adjustments as set out in this 
section. 
III. 
Adjusted Gross Result: is the result of applying the adjustments to the Gross Result described 
in point II. to the Gross Result stipulated in point I. 
IV. 
Pooling Fund: this will be established using the sum of the Adjusted Gross Result of all the 
Members. 
V. 
Member's Own Funds: Amount shown under the same heading in the published financial 
statements of each Member, less the book value of equity interests held in any other Member.

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 - 
 
 
VI. 
Group Own Funds: Sum of the own funds of all GCC Group entities, as defined above. 
The pooling rate applicable to each Member is calculated annually following the end of the 
financial year and is effective and applicable during the following year, although the calculation 
period may be shorter in certain circumstances. 
b) 
Pooling rules in the event of an accumulation of losses 
If a GCC Group credit cooperative's equity falls below its capital as a result of the pooling of accumulated 
losses by applying the general pooling rules, pooling adjustments for the year must be recalculated to 
ensure the accumulated losses are allocated as follows: 
• 
Losses will be allocated to each Member in proportion to the percentage of their reserves relative 
to the total reserves of Members in the pooling scheme. This allocation criterion will be applied 
until all the Members' reserves are exhausted.  
• 
If the losses to be pooled exceed the total reserves of Members in the pooling scheme, the surplus 
losses will be allocated as per the percentages applicable under the general pooling rules. This 
allocation criterion will be applicable for losses exceeding total reserves and until the equity of 
all Members is used up. 
• 
If any losses remain unallocated, they will be assigned based on the percentage of lowest-
ranking debt each entity still has as defined in Law 11/2015, RD 1012/2015, Law 27/1999, of 16 
July, on Cooperatives, the Insolvency Law, and any other legislation implementing or replacing 
the aforementioned, until this lowest-ranking debt is used up. In such cases, the percentages of 
next lowest-ranking debt will be used and so on, until the remaining losses have been fully 
allocated. 
As of 31 December 2021, the pooling rate of BCC was 32.17%, compared with 32.75% as of 31 December 2020. 
GCC Group Liquidity Commitment  
Members agree to make all their liquidity available to the Parent company through treasury accounts or any other 
liquidity mechanism established in the GCC Group.  
Members cannot obtain wholesale funding, unless expressly authorised by the Parent company. 
The Parent company is responsible for providing liquidity to all Members through treasury accounts or any other 
liquidity mechanism established in the GCC Group. 
The Parent company is responsible for ensuring the GCC Group's liquidity and guaranteeing complete compliance 
with the liquidity requirements and thresholds established internally and by the regulatory and supervisory 
authorities. 
In order to meet these internal and external requirements, the Parent company may:  
• 
Raise finance on wholesale markets. 
• 
Call on any Member to realise assets, carry out securitisations, transfer assets within or outside the GCC 
Group or implement any other measures it deems necessary. 
• 
Manage liquidity for the whole GCC Group, establishing where necessary to achieve the required values 
at consolidated level, internal liquidity objectives at individual level that must be met. 
All Members provide each other with mutual guarantees to ensure all their liquidity at all times.  
The Parent company will be responsible for centrally managing all the treasury services needed to ensure the GCC 
Group can perform properly, especially minimum capital ratio management. 
The Parent company will open treasury accounts with each Member in each of the currencies in which each entity 
has to operate.

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 - 
 
 
All settlements deriving from the management of treasury services and any other dealings between Members and 
the Parent company will be made through the treasury accounts, unless the Parent company defines another 
mechanism for this purpose. 
Interest on the treasury accounts will be determined by the Parent company's Assets and Liabilities Committee 
(ALCO). 
GCC Group Solvency Commitment 
Members make up a consolidated group of credit institutions with direct, reciprocal unconditional commitments 
to provide capital injections to avoid any non-fulfilment of any mercantile or prudential capital adequacy 
requirements, on the one hand, and to evaluate their capital needs on a common basis, on the other.  
The Parent company is responsible for the GCC Group's capital planning. It establishes the capital target for the 
GCC Group and is able to determine the individual requirements for each Member. 
The Parent company is also responsible for ensuring compliance with the GCC Group's minimum capital 
requirements laid down in applicable legislation and internally established capital targets. 
In order to meet these internal and external requirements, the Parent company may: 
• 
Obtain instruments eligible as own funds, directly or through another Member; 
• 
Establish capitalisation plans for Members; 
• 
Establish plans to dispose of assets and/or transfer the business, calling on the collaboration of Members. 
The Parent company must ensure that Members individually comply with the own fund requirements established 
in company law and any other individual internal and external capital adequacy requirements that may exist. 
If a Member is unable or expects to be unable to fulfil a statutory or individual capital adequacy requirement, the 
Parent company must put a recapitalisation plan in place for that entity. 
Compliance with this recapitalisation plan will be mandatory and it may include: 
• 
Where possible, subscription of capital by other Members, who will be required to obtain a percentage 
of the new capital equal to their share in the pooling mechanism balance after stripping out the affected 
entity's result; 
• 
Transfer of assets within or outside the GCC Group, at fair value; 
• 
Takeover of the entity by another Member; and 
• 
Any other measures that are feasible and appropriate given the entity's position. Depending on the nature 
of the action to be taken, the Parent company will establish a reasonable criterion for allocation among 
the other Members. 
If a recapitalisation plan is required for a Member, the Parent company may establish restrictions on how the 
affected entity's results can be distributed. 
If a Member is in a position or expects to be in a position where its equity is less than its capital, the Parent 
company may decide that the other Members will have to make a capital injection, without receiving anything in 
return, or that other appropriate and feasible steps be taken to redress the affected Member's equity including, for 
information purposes but not restricted to, the transfer of assets or takeover of the affected entity. Members will 
be required to participate if contributions are deemed necessary, and these will be calculated based on their share 
in the pooling mechanism after stripping out the affected entity. 
All Members provide each other with mutual guarantees to ensure all their solvency at all times. 
Mutual Guarantee 
The GCC Group guarantees the solvency and liquidity of Members in the terms set out in the Regulatory 
Agreement. To achieve this, Members are mutual joint and several guarantors.

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 - 
 
 
The mutual guarantee implies that the GCC Group must meet, if necessary, all the Members' payment obligations 
towards creditors, in any circumstances, fully and without restriction. 
The responsibility for honouring payment obligations with third parties and for the financing of the GCC Group 
that each Member acquires is joint and several. Members expressly waive the benefits of exclusion, seniority and 
division. In particular, if any events triggering special delegation of powers occur, all the Members and creditors 
will be subject to the general principle of equal treatment, irrespective of the Member to which the direct creditors 
or partners pertain. 
Duration of GCC Group and rules governing separation from the GCC Group 
The GCC Group was created with the aim to be a stable organisation, within its foundations based on the 
cooperative credit system. In this respect, the duration of the GCC Group is unlimited, although a mandatory 
minimum period of ten consecutive years is laid down as from the date of the incorporation of each Member into 
the GCC Group and its associated institutional protection scheme regulated by the Regulating Agreement. 
During the six months prior to the fulfilment of this mandatory minimum period, and having obtained 
authorisation from the supervisory authorities, Members may submit a formal request to the Parent company to 
voluntarily withdraw from the GCC Group. The withdrawal shall be effective within two years from the date on 
which the mandatory minimum membership period elapses. 
Once the mandatory minimum membership period has elapsed without the Member having requested the 
voluntary withdrawal of the GCC Group, a new ten-year mandatory minimum period starts automatically. 
Members will still be entitled to apply for voluntary withdrawal as per the procedure and deadlines indicated in 
the previous paragraph. 
As an exception, Cajamar assumes the indefinite character of the cooperative group and undertakes not to request 
its voluntary separation from the GCC Group or to exercise the right of separation at any time without first 
obtaining the prior express authorisation of BCC. 
During the transitional period from notice being given of voluntary withdrawal and the date on which this actually 
takes effect, the Member concerned will lose all their voting rights as a Member of the GCC Group and the voting 
and dividend rights attached to the shares representing the Bank's capital held by the Member. The Member's 
obligations to contribute own funds to the GCC Group and its solvency commitments will remain. 
If so decided by BCC, the Member may be required to sell and transfer the shares it owns to BCC or other 
Members (as decided by BCC), free of all charges and encumbrances and with all related voting and dividend 
rights at a price equal to the lower of (i) the fair value of the shares at the time of transfer and (ii) the acquisition 
value of the shares. 
Each of the Members has accepted that it does not have any rights to the assets or liabilities that might figure on 
the balance sheet of BCC or to BCC's business if such Member exits the GCC Group.  
Voluntary separation from the GCC Group is penalised by way of damages in an amount equivalent to 2% of the 
total average assets of the Member requesting separation. Additionally, the voluntary separation of a Member 
must be authorised by the Bank of Spain. 
Any amendment of certain aspects of the Regulating Agreement may give rise to a right of Members to apply for 
separation provided that this is authorised by the Bank of Spain, with the same effects as described above for 
voluntary separation. This is an exceptional right of separation and may only be exercised in the event of an 
amendment to the Regulating Agreement which the Member in question had voted against, and which necessarily 
involved a significant increase in the powers delegated by Members to BCC, provided that this does not result 
from a regulatory change or is not supported by at least half of the Members (excluding BCC). 
The forced departure of members will occur when they cease to meet the requirements for GCC Group 
membership, subject to approval by BCC's Board of Directors or a very serious breach occurs that, given its nature, 
results in expulsion from the GCC Group. In this event the Member will be required to sell or transfer its shares 
in BCC, free of all charges and encumbrances and with all related voting and dividend rights, for an overall price 
of €1 and will bear an additional penalty for damages equivalent to 5% of its average total assets, regardless of 
the grounds for its expulsion from the GCC Group.

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 - 
 
 
During the transitional period between the notification of exit and the actual separation (12 months in the case of 
forced departure), the Member concerned will lose all of its voting rights as a Member of the GCC Group and the 
voting and dividend rights arising from its equity interest in BCC. However, it will maintain its obligations to 
contribute capital to the GCC Group even though it will lose its right to obtain financial assistance from other 
Members. Furthermore, the relevant Member will continue to be bound during the transitional period by the 
financial commitments undertaken by it while a member of the GCC Group. 
Institutional Protection Scheme  
An institutional protection scheme ("IPS") is defined in CRR as a contractual or statutory liability arrangement 
which protects its member institutions and in particular ensures that they have the liquidity and solvency needed 
to avoid insolvency where necessary. The competent authorities may, in accordance with the conditions laid down 
in the CRR, waive selected prudential requirements or allow certain derogations for IPS member institutions. 
Currently, IPSs are recognised for CRR purposes in five countries participating in the SSM: Austria, Germany, 
Poland, Italy and Spain. In most cases, both significant institutions and less significant institutions subject to ECB 
supervision are members of the same IPS. The two main sectors covered by IPSs in the three relevant Euro area 
countries are cooperative and savings banks. One of the main features of those sectors is the high degree of 
autonomy and independence of the individual credit institutions. This means that IPSs – notwithstanding the fact 
that they ensure the liquidity and solvency of their member institutions – are not the same as consolidated banking 
groups (source: ECB Guide on the approach for the recognition of institutional protection schemes (IPS) for 
prudential purposes).  
The GCC IPS is the institutional protection scheme comprised of the 18 credit cooperatives that have adhered to 
it (the largest of which is Cajamar) and BCC as the head of the GCC Group. The GCC IPS has been recognised 
as an IPS by the Bank of Spain. 
BCC manages the GCC IPS in its role as the controlling and decision-making entity. The instructions of BCC in 
respect of management, administration and governance of the GCC IPS are binding and should be observed by 
all the Members that participate. BCC provides all central services and functions for the existing Members as well 
as any other credit cooperatives that may become shareholders of BCC in the future. BCC is also responsible for 
preparing the consolidated financial statements of GCC IPS. 
Spanish Royal Decree-law 11/2017, of 23 June, amended Law 13/1989, of 26 May, on credit cooperatives, 
explicitly allowing credit cooperatives to be integrated in two different types of IPSs, either reinforced IPSs or 
full mutualisation IPSs, which are regulated by the Fifth Additional Provision of Law 10/2014, or regulatory IPSs, 
which are regulated by Article 113.7 of CRR. GCC is considered a reinforced IPS regulated by the Fifth Additional 
Provision of Law 10/2014.  
The General Assembly of Cajamar and the General Shareholders Meeting of BCC held on 25 April 2019 and 7 
May 2019 respectively, approved the modification of the Regulating Agreement in order to reinforce the 
commitments and guarantees among the members of the GCC Group, adapting it to the new European banking 
resolution rules. The other remaining entities within the GCC Group have approved the modified Regulating 
Agreement in their respective assemblies. The main changes seek to improve the losses pooling system through 
the following mechanisms: 
• 
Mutual guarantees are reinforced among its members, reaching all creditors of any entity in the GCC Group, 
including subordinated ones. 
• 
Delegations to BCC for recovery and resolution are strengthened. 
• 
The GCC Group is presented as a single functional entity, where the interests of the group prevail over those 
of the Members. 
• 
BCC is granted the capacity to limit both the refund of the cooperative capital of the Members and their 
remuneration. 
BUSINESS ACTIVITIES OF THE ISSUER AND THE GCC GROUP 
Business and activities of the Issuer 
BCC is a private bank governed by applicable regulations governing credit institutions and private banking and 
its corporate purpose is to carry out typical banking activities such as lending and investment services or other

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 - 
 
 
related banking services in accordance with applicable law. BCC's banking activities (on an individual basis) are, 
among others, on the asset side, managing investment portfolios, taking deposits with credit institutions (which 
may or may not be Members of the GCC Group) and an increasing portfolio of loans and receivables to debtors, 
while on the liabilities side its activities are mainly holding deposits of central banks, deposits of credit institutions 
and of other debtors (which may or may not be Members of the GCC Group) and also, temporary assignments of 
shares (repurchase agreements). 
On 1 September 2016, BCC entered into an agency agreement with Cajamar pursuant to which the former 
appointed the latter as its credit institution agent for the whole of Spain. Cajamar will act as BCC's independent 
intermediary in the promotion, negotiation and formalisation, in the name and on behalf of BCC, of the operations 
comprising its business, specifically of financial products and services. In accordance with this agreement, 
corporate loan transactions for a term of more than three years and amount over €500,000 generated through any 
branch of Cajamar in which Cajamar acts as managing entity, will be booked through BCC. 
In addition, BCC is the parent entity of the GCC Group, and the Members have delegated certain functions and 
competencies to BCC in accordance with the Regulating Agreement. The principal activities of BCC in respect 
of this role include the preparation and filing of the consolidated annual accounts of the GCC Group, liaising on 
behalf of the GCC Group and each of the Members with the ECB, the Bank of Spain, the CNMV and any other 
supervisory authorities, administrative authorities or other related entities such as auditors or credit rating agencies, 
setting the framework for corporate governance and the remuneration policy of the GCC Group, monitoring 
regulatory compliance for all Members and the GCC Group as a whole and exercising all other powers delegated 
by the Members under the Regulating Agreement. BCC is also responsible for monitoring the solvency and 
liquidity of the GCC Group and each of the Members and the distribution of the profits of the Members. 
Business activities of the GCC Group 
The Members of the GCC Group are governed by applicable law governing credit cooperatives and are also 
subject to the general regulations covering credit institutions. The activities of the Members comprise those aimed 
at providing financial services to members and third parties through their own individual activities as credit 
cooperatives. Such activities include asset and liability transactions and permitted services. 
On a consolidated basis, as of 31 December 2021, the GCC Group had total assets of €58,513 million, compared 
with €53,617 million on 31 December 2020. Customer loans and credit institutions loans (under loans and 
advances at amortised cost) represented €33,809 million and €153 million in 2021, respectively (compared 
with €32,436 million and €330 million in 2020, respectively) and debt securities at amortised cost 
represented €14,599 million in 2021 (compared with €11,480 million in 2020). In terms of the GCC Group's 
liabilities, on 31 December 2021 it held €10,270 million in deposits from central banks (€9,450 million in 2020), 
€840 million deposits from credit institutions (€864 million in 2020), €39,733 million customer deposits from 
other creditors (€37,136 million in 2020) and €2,389 million debt securities issued (€1,659 million in 2020). 
The Members offer a wide range of financial services, including deposit taking, asset management, retail banking 
through their branches, corporate banking and financing, personal loans, financial transactions with non-residents, 
mortgage lending, brokerage, leasing, telephone and electronic banking, fund management, insurance and other 
related secondary products and services. The main activity of the GCC Group is retail commercial banking, 
although the GCC Group also provides private banking services and has increased its marketing activity in respect 
of insurance, pension plans and investment funds. Since its core activity is retail commercial banking, the GCC 
Group does not present segment information in its consolidated annual accounts. 
Within its retail commercial banking activity, the GCC Group carries out activities within three basic areas: 
deposit taking, lending and other products and services. 
Deposit Taking Activities 
The main types of deposits offered by the GCC Group consist of current accounts and term deposits, whether 
denominated in euros or in other currencies. 
These are the traditional services offered by Spanish credit cooperatives and are, in essence, contracts for the 
deposit of client money with varying terms and liquidity and which offer clients an agreed rate of return. 
The following table sets out the breakdown of deposits on a consolidated basis for the GCC Group as of 31 
December 2021 and 2020:

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 - 
 
 
 
 
(Thousands of euros) 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 
Deposits from central banks 
10,269,833 
9,449,530 
Deposits from credit institutions 
840,295 
863,923 
Deposits from customers 
39,732,717 
37,136,481 
Total 
50,842,845 
47,449,934  
The following table sets out the breakdown of customer deposits(1) on a consolidated basis for the GCC Group as 
of 31 December 2021 and 2020: 
(Thousands of euros) 
31/12/2021 
 
31/12/2020 
Sight deposits 
34,646,898 
29,709,858 
Term deposits  
4,092,192 
5,542,835 
Other accounts 
3,626 
4,325 
Valuation adjustments - Accrued interest 
(2,486) 
(1,508) 
Total (1) 
38,740,230 
35,255,510 
(1) 
It does not include repurchase agreements through central counterparties of €544,695 in 2021 (€1,281,314 in 2020) neither cash 
received from participation mortgages issued of €447,792 in 2021 (€599,657 in 2020). 
Lending Activities 
The lending activity of the GCC Group is comprised primarily of loans backed by personal guarantees, mortgage-
backed loans, secured loans, factoring (descuento comercial), the provision of third-party guarantees, leasing, 
confirming and renting. 
The following table sets out a breakdown of the consolidated credit portfolio of the GCC Group as of 31 
December 2021 and 2020 by type of customer and portfolio: 
 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 
Thousands of euros 
Exposure 
Distribution 
Exposure 
Distribution 
Retail 
23,990,162 
60.11% 
23,908,334 
62.69% 
Home mortgage 
13,032,421 
32.65% 
12,546,419 
32.90% 
Other household financing 
1,020,584 
2.56% 
1,450,175 
3.80% 
Automatically renewable 
684,797 
1.72% 
678,367 
1.78% 
Small businesses 
5,508,924 
13.80% 
5,616,332 
14.73% 
Retail agro-food 
3,743,436 
9.38% 
3,617,041 
9.48% 
Corporate 
11,871,060 
29.75% 
10,987,240 
28.81% 
Developers 
736,940 
1.85% 
898,773 
2.36% 
Corporate agro-food 
4,290,315 
10.75% 
3,955,825 
10.37% 
SMEs 
2,569,330 
6.44% 
2,484,817 
6.52% 
Large companies 
4,274,475 
10.71% 
3,647,825 
9.57% 
Public administrations 
3,014,009 
7.55% 
2,290,232 
6.01% 
Non-profits 
146,047 
0.37% 
157,803 
0.41% 
Financial intermediaries 
887,693 
2.22% 
792,433 
2.08% 
 
  
  
  
  
Total Loan Portfolio 
39,908,971 
100.00% 
38,136,042 
100.00% 
Of which: 
  
  
  
  
Structured transactions 
2,252,608 
5.64% 
1,723,417 
4.52% 
Note: the figures presented in the table above correspond to the information managed by the Loan Book Control Area and not the balance 
sheet figures. They include customer loans and advances, contingent liabilities, undrawn balances drawable by third parties (with the exception 
of developer loans which exclude amounts drawable due to subrogations), assets in delinquency and loans securitised and derecognised; they 
do not include valuation adjustments. 
Other Products and Services

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 - 
 
 
The other products and services of the GCC Group can be divided into six groups, namely, payment services, 
insurance products, extra-territorial services, virtual office, funds and other services. 
Payment services include credit and debit cards, pre-payment cards, instant-cash services (via networked cash 
machines and the customer's mobile telephone), point-of-sale terminals, toll-road payment services and a new 
money transfer application for smartphones. 
The GCC Group offers a range of insurance products including home, transportation, accident, life (including 
savings and pension plans), business and civil liability insurance. 
The extra-territorial services offered by the GCC Group include, among others, import and export guarantees, 
import and export finance, foreign currency loans, foreign currency swaps, payment transfer services, remittance 
services and foreign pension services. 
The GCC Group's virtual office services include electronic and telephone banking, on-line broker services, e-
billing services, web-based remittance and financial services and mobile banking applications for tablets and 
smartphones. 
The GCC Group promotes a number of mutual funds managed by TREA Asset Management SGIIC, S.A. as well 
as by other asset managers. These include, among others, diversified euro fixed income funds, mixed defensive 
funds, mixed moderate funds, equity funds and global income funds. 
Other services offered by the GCC Group include interest rate swaps, services targeted specifically at agriculture 
sector clients (such as sector-specific insurance and payment services) as well as invoicing and payment 
management services, safe deposit box rentals, tax collection services and cash pooling. 
New Products and Services 
Since it began operations, the GCC Group has been expanding the products and services that it offers and to this 
end has introduced: 
• 
New savings and cash deposit accounts targeted at individuals and self-employed workers. 
• 
Centralised cash management systems, new credit lines and pre-approved loans for SMEs and companies. 
• 
Service portfolios and platforms in order to assist SMEs in expanding their business internationally. 
• 
Digital banking and applications for use on smartphones.  
• 
New insurance and pension products. 
The GCC Group network 
The GCC Group has in recent years been making steps to consolidate and optimise the network of branches in 
order to adapt its commercial structure to the current environment of economic slowdown and to curb the growth 
in its operating expenses. In 2020, the number of branches was 910, and as of 31 December 2021 the GCC Group 
operates in the market through 873 branches. The following table details these branches by province and 
autonomous community across Spain: 
  
Number of GCC Group branches 
Province 
2021 
2020 
ANDALUCÍA 
238 
247 
Almeria 
106 
109 
Cádiz 
9 
9 
Córdoba 
8 
8 
Granada 
19 
20 
Huelva 
5 
5 
Jaén 
7 
7 
Málaga 
74 
80 
Sevilla 
10 
9

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 - 
 
 
  
Number of GCC Group branches 
Province 
2021 
2020 
ARAGÓN 
5 
5 
Zaragoza 
3 
3 
Huesca 
2 
2 
ASTURIAS 
3 
3 
BALEARES 
21 
22 
CANARIAS 
45 
49 
Las Palmas 
31 
34 
Santa Cruz de Tenerife 
14 
15 
CANTABRIA 
2 
2 
CASTILLA LA MANCHA 
15 
15 
Albacete 
6 
6 
Ciudad Real 
4 
4 
Cuenca 
3 
3 
Guadalajara 
1 
1 
Toledo 
1 
1 
CASTILLA LEÓN 
61 
62 
Ávila  
4 
4 
Burgos 
3 
3 
León 
10 
10 
Palencia 
10 
11 
Salamanca 
2 
2 
Segovia 
2 
2 
Soria 
1 
1 
Valladolid 
26 
26 
Zamora 
3 
3 
CATALUÑA 
34 
37 
Barcelona 
25 
28 
Gerona 
3 
3 
Lérida 
1 
1 
Tarragona 
5 
5 
COMUNIDAD VALENCIANA 
280 
290 
Alicante 
71 
75 
Castellón 
52 
54 
Valencia 
157 
161 
EXTREMADURA 
4 
4 
Badajoz 
3 
3 
Cáceres 
1 
1 
GALICIA 
6 
5 
La Coruña 
3 
3 
Orense 
1 
1 
Lugo 
1 
1 
Pontevedra 
1 
- 
LA RIOJA 
2 
2 
MADRID 
35 
36 
MURCIA 
115 
124 
NAVARRA 
4 
4 
PAÍS VASCO 
1 
1 
Álava 
1 
1 
CEUTA 
1 
1 
MELILLA 
1 
1 
 
873 
910

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 - 
 
 
The GCC Group's core regions are the Community of Valencia and the provinces of Almería, Málaga and Murcia. 
The GCC Group has its business centre in these provinces where it has a significant market share. Also, through 
the process of merger by absorption of Caja Rural del Duero, the GCC Group also has a significant presence in 
Valladolid and Palencia. 
DIRECTORS AND MANAGEMENT OF BCC 
Composition of the Board of BCC  
At date of this Offering Circular the Board of Directors of BCC is comprised of 13 members. The business address 
for each member of its Board of Directors listed below is Paseo de la Castellana, nº 87, 28046, Madrid, Spain. 
The current composition derives from the agreements adopted at the General Shareholders' meeting of BCC, held 
on 28 April 2022, which unanimously approved the appointment of Mr. Antonio de Parellada Durán, former CFO 
of GCC, as proprietary director, replacing Mr. Juan Carlos Rico Mateo, position that will be official once listed 
in the Senior Officers Register. This led to a Board of Directors composed of 10 members, plus the Chairman, 
Deputy Chairwoman and CEO. 
Name of the Director 
Current position in the Board 
Mr. Luis Rodríguez González (1) 
Chairman 
Ms. Marta de Castro Aparicio (2) 
Deputy Chairwoman  
Mr. Manuel Yebra Sola (3) 
Chief Executive Officer  
Mr. Antonio de Parellada Durán(1) 
Member 
Mr. Joan Bautista Mir Piqueras (1) 
Member 
Mr. Bernabé Sánchez-Minguet Martinez (3) 
Member 
Ms. María Teresa Vázquez Calo (2) 
Member 
Mr. Rafael García Cruz (3) 
Member 
Mr. Antonio Cantón Góngora (2) 
Member 
Mr. Antonio José Carranceja López de Ochoa (2) 
Member 
Ms. Ana Nuñez Álvarez (2) 
Member 
Mr. Luis Francisco Fernández-Revuelta Pérez (2) 
Member 
Ms. María López Fernández (1) 
Member 
(1) Proprietary director representing Cajamar. 
(2) Independent director 
(3) Executive director 
Mr. Francisco de Borja Real de Asúa Echavarría is the Secretary (non-director) of the Board of Directors and 
Ms. María Del Mar Pérez Gálvez is the Vice secretary (non-director) of the Board of Directors.  
The following Directors of the board of BCC are also members of the following boards: 
Name of the Director 
Activity outside of BCC 
Mr. Antonio de Parellada Durán 
• 
Board member of Grupo CIMD 
Mr. Joan Bautista Mir Piqueras 
• 
Counselor of Agricultura y Conservas, S.A. 
 
• 
Chairman of Agrikoop 
 
• 
Individual representative of Fesa UK, LTD designated by ANECOOP 
S.COOP (in their capacity as Counselor) 
Ms. María Teresa Vázquez Calo 
• 
Joint and several administrator of VC Biolaw, SLP 
Mr. Antonio Cantón Góngora 
• 
Chairman of Maintenance Development S.A. 
• 
Chairman of Medbuying Technologies Group S.L. 
• 
Manager of Paericas, S.L. 
Corporate Governance 
BCC's Board of Directors has implemented a defined and transparent set of rules and regulations for corporate 
governance, which is compliant with all applicable Spanish corporate governance standards.  
The Board has delegated some of its powers to the following committees, in compliance with best practices.

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 - 
 
 
The composition of these committees as of date of this Offering Circular is shown in the table below.  
Position 
Executive 
Committee 
Audit 
Committee 
Appointments 
Committee 
Risk 
Committee 
Strategy and 
Sustainability 
Committee 
Remunerations 
Committee 
IRB 
Monitoring 
Committee 
Chairman 
Mr. 
Luis 
Rodríguez 
González 
Mr. 
Antonio 
Cantón 
Góngora 
Ms. Marta de 
Castro 
Aparicio 
Mr. 
Antonio 
José 
Carranceja 
López 
de 
Ochoa 
Mr. 
Joan 
Bautista 
Mir 
Piqueras 
Mrs. Ana Núñez 
Álvarez 
Mr. 
Rafael 
García Cruz 
Vice-Chair 
Ms. Marta de 
Castro 
Aparicio 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Member 
Mr. 
Manuel 
Yebra Sola 
Ms. 
María 
Teresa 
Vázquez Calo 
Ms. 
María 
Teresa 
Vázquez Calo 
Ms. Marta de 
Castro 
Aparicio 
Mr. 
Luis 
Rodríguez 
González 
Mr. 
Luis 
Francisco 
Fernández-
Revuelta Pérez 
Mr. 
Manuel 
Yebra Sola 
Member 
Mr. 
Bernabé 
Sánchez-
Minguet 
Martínez 
Ms. 
Ana 
Nuñez Alvarez 
Mr. 
Luis 
Francisco 
Fernández-
Revuelta Pérez 
Mr. Antonio de 
Parellada 
Durán 
Mr. Antonio de 
Parellada 
Durán 
Mr. Antonio de 
Parellada Durán 
Mr. 
Antonio 
José 
Carranceja 
López 
de 
Ochoa 
Member 
Mr. 
Antonio 
José 
Carranceja 
López 
de 
Ochoa 
Mr. 
Luis 
Francisco 
Fernández-
Revuelta Pérez 
Mrs. 
María 
López 
Fernández 
Mrs. 
Ana 
Núñez Álvarez 
Mrs. 
María 
López 
Fernández 
Mr. 
Antonio 
José Carranceja 
López de Ochoa 
Mr. 
Antonio 
Cantón 
Góngora 
Member 
Mr. 
Antonio 
Cantón 
Góngora 
Ms. Marta de 
Castro 
Aparicio 
- 
Ms. 
Maria 
Teresa 
Vázquez Calo 
- 
- 
 - 
Member 
Mr. 
Rafael 
García Cruz 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 - 
Secretary 
Mr. Francisco 
de Borja Real 
de 
Asúa 
Echavarría(*) 
Mr. Francisco 
de Borja Real 
de 
Asúa 
Echavarría(*) 
Mr. Francisco 
de Borja Real 
de 
Asúa 
Echavarría(*) 
Mr. Francisco 
de Borja Real 
de 
Asúa 
Echavarría(*) 
Mr. Francisco 
de Borja Real 
de 
Asúa 
Echavarría(*) 
Mr. 
Francisco 
de Borja Real de 
Asúa 
Echavarría(*) 
  
Vice 
secretary  
Mrs. 
María 
Del Mar Pérez 
Gálvez (*) (**) 
 Mrs. 
María 
Del Mar Pérez 
Gálvez(*) 
Mrs. María Del 
Mar 
Pérez 
Gálvez (*) 
Mrs. María Del 
Mar 
Pérez 
Gálvez(*) 
Mrs. María Del 
Mar 
Pérez 
Gálvez(*) 
Mrs. María Del 
Mar 
Pérez 
Gálvez (*) 
  
(*) Non-director 
(**) In the rest of the Committees, in the event of the Secretary's inability to act, the Vice secretary shall act on his behalf. 
Executive Committee 
The day-to-day management of BCC is carried out by members of the Executive Committee and its executive 
officers. The Executive Committee is responsible for the coordination of BCC's executive management, adapting 
to this end any resolutions and decisions within the scope of the powers vested in it by the Board of Directors. 
Decisions adopted by the Executive Committee are reported to the Board of Directors. 
Audit Committee 
BCC's Audit Committee supervises aspects in relation to the maintenance of an effective internal supervision 
system, using (among others) the internal and external audit services for this purpose.

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
 
 
Appointments Committee 
The Appointments Committee (among other functions) is responsible for advising on the appointment and 
suitability of the board members. 
Risk Committee 
The Risk Committee is responsible for ensuring the proper management and supervision of the risks affecting 
BCC. Risks falling under the Committee's competency include those involving credit, the market, interest, 
liquidity, as well as operational, legal and reputational risks. 
Strategy and Sustainability Committee 
The Strategy and Sustainability Committee is responsible for calibrating the level of compliance with the 
commercial targets of each Member. In addition, it will monitor the performance of the GCC Group in all matters 
related to sustainability (including environmental, social and governance aspects). In particular, it will specifically 
monitor compliance with the Sustainable Bond Framework. 
Remunerations Committee  
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for dealing with aspects in relation to establishing, monitoring and 
supervising BCC's general remuneration system, and in particular that of its management bodies and senior 
executives. 
IRB Monitoring Committee 
The IRB Monitoring Committee is responsible for monitoring the GCC Group's candidacy for IRB models 
regarding capital calculation. 
Conflicts of Interest 
BCC believes that no conflicts of interest exist between the duties of its Board of Directors and senior management 
and their private interests or other duties. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The GCC Group comprises 18 credit cooperatives9 and one bank (BCC). 
As of 31 December 2021, the shareholders of BCC are comprised of 18 credit cooperatives that form part of the 
GCC Group (the Members), together with 13 other credit cooperatives from Extremadura, Andalucía, Castilla-La 
Mancha, Catalonia and the Community of Valencia that do not form part of the GCC Group, 11 other institutions 
and 24 individuals as further described under "– Capital Structure and Major Shareholders of BCC". 
Save as expressly set out in the Regulating Agreement, the Members each maintain their respective full legal 
personality, autonomous management, administration and governance (barring matters specifically delegated to 
BCC), governing and management bodies, workforce and labour relations framework, image and management of 
its education and promotion funds. BCC as the parent entity of the GCC Group, exercises all of the delegated 
competencies and powers under the Regulating Agreement on behalf of the GCC Group and its Members. The 
instructions and decisions of BCC are binding on the Members. 
 
9  
Caixa Rural Albalat dels Sorells, Cooperativa de CrèditValenciana merged into Cajamar during 2018 (See 
"History and Development of BCC and the GCC Group").

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 - 
 
 
The following structure chart sets out the structure of the GCC Group as of March 2022:  
 
 
 
The remaining 7.71% of the participation up to the 100% is composed by entities that are not part of the GCC Group, as well as by members 
of the Board of Directors of the entity. 
CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS OF BCC 
The Issuer's issued share capital as of the date of this Offering Circular is €1,059 million made up of 1,059 million 
registered shares with a par value of €1 each. All shares are of the same class and series, fully subscribed and paid 
in. The shares issued by BCC are the same class for all Members of the GCC Group and the other shareholders. 
Banco de Crédito Social Cooperativo, S.A. (Parent Company)
Grupo Cooperativo Cajamar
C.R. de Alginet
C.R. de Vilavella
C.R. de Torrent 
C.R. de Villar 
C.R. de Nules
C.R. de Petrer
C.R. de Vilafamés
C.R. de Callosa
Cajamar Caja Rural, S.C.C.
C.R. de Cheste
C.R. de Alquerías
C.R. de Chilches
C.R. de Turis
C.R. de Altea
C.R. de Burriana
C.R. de Almenara
C.R. de Villarreal
C.R. de Vall de Uixó
BCC Eurovia Informática, A.I.E.
Cajamar Mediación, O.B.S.V., 
S.L.U.
Agrocolor, S.L.
Balsa de Insa, S.L.
Renovables la Unió, S.C.P.
BCC Gestión Integral de 
Infraestructuras, A.I.E.
Alquileres Alameda 34, S.L.U.
Parque Científico-Tecnológico de 
Almeria, S.A.
Cimentados3, S.A.U.
Inmuebles Alameda 34, S.L.U.
Murcia Emprende S.C.R., S.A.
Cimenta Desarrollos Inmobiliarios, 
S.A.U.
  Cimenta2 Gestión e Inversiones, 
S.A.U.
GIESMED Parking, S.L.
CIM-MED I, S.A.U.
Habitat Utiel, S.L.
Promontoria Jaguar, S.A.
Plataforma Tierra, S.A.U.
Sunaria Capital, S.L.U.
BCC Operaciones y Servicios 
Administrativos, S.L.U.
Cajamar Vida, S.A.
BCC Recursos Humanos y Contact 
Center, S.L.U.
Cajamar Seguros Generales, S.A.
Proyecta Ingenio, S.L.
GCC Consumo, E.F.C., S.A.
Biocolor, S.L.
30,11%
22,06%
49,9%
1%
100%
100%
1%
1%
100%
22,19%
24,9%
100%
100%
100%
32,37%
24,50%
100%
40%
84,88%
7,41% 
99%
98%
49,9%
49%
(a)
25%
20%
100%
100%
100%
20%
100%
(b)
BCC&GCC
Cajamar&Portfolio
Sunaria&CM2
Entities incorporated by full integration method
Legend
Full integration/ Equity Method
Entities incorporated by the equity method

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 - 
 
 
As of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 the Issuer's share capital breaks down as follows by shareholder 
contribution: 
 
% share 
Members  
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 
Cajamar Caja Rural, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito(1) 
84.87 
84.87 
Caixa Rural de Torrent, Cooperativa de Crédito Valenciana 
1.51 
1.51 
Caixa Rural de Altea, Cooperativa de Crédito Valenciana 
0.87 
0.87 
Caja Rural San José de Burriana, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
0.73 
0.73 
Caja de Crédito de Petrel, Caja Rural, Cooperativa de Crédito Valenciana 
0.63 
0.63 
Caja Rural Católico Agraria, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
0.76 
0.76 
Caja Rural de Callosa d'en Sarriá, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
0.52 
0.52 
Caja Rural San Jaime de Alquerias del Niño Perdido, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
0.39 
0.39 
Caja Rural de Cheste, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
0.34 
0.34 
Caja Rural San José de Nules, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
0.30 
0.30 
Caja Rural de Alginet, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
0.25 
0.25 
Caixa Rural de Turis, Cooperativa de Crédito Valenciana 
0.23 
0.23 
Caja Rural Sant Vicente Ferrer de la Vall D'Uixo 
0.23 
0.23 
Caja Rural de Villar, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
0.21 
0.21 
Caja Rural San José Vilavella, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
0.15 
0.15 
Caja Rural San Roque de Almenara, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
0.11 
0.11 
Caja Rural San Isidro de Vilafamés, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
0.09 
0.09 
Caja Rural La Junquera de Chilches, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
0.10 
0.10 
(1) Formerly, Cajas Rurales Unidas, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito. Renamed Cajamar in December 2015. 
Shareholders outside of the GCC Group 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 
Caja Rural de Almendralejo, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
1.56 
1.56 
Eurocaja Rural, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito(1) 
0.09 
0.09 
Caja Rural San José de Almassora, S.Coop de Crédito 
0.09 
0.09 
Caixa Rural de Benicarló, S.Coop de Crédito 
0.09 
0.09 
Caixa Rural Vinaros, S. Coop. de Crédito 
0.09 
0.09 
Caixa Rural Les Coves de Vinroma, S.Coop de Crédito 
0.05 
0.05 
Caja Rural de Baena Ntra. Señora de Guadalupe, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
Andaluza 
0.03 
0.03 
Caja Rural de Utrera, Sociedad Cooperativa Andaluza de Crédito 
0.03 
0.03 
Caja Rural de Cañete de las Torres Ntra. Sra. del Campo, Sociedad Cooperativa Andaluza 
de Crédito 
0.03 
0.03 
Caja Rural de Nueva Carteya, Sociedad Cooperativa Andaluza de Crédito 
0.03 
0.03 
Caja Rural Ntra. Madre del Sol, S. Coop. Andaluza de Crédito 
0.03 
0.03 
Caja Rural de Guissona, S. Coop. de Crédito 
0.01 
0.01 
Team & Work 5000, S.L. 
2.83 
2.83 
Crédito Agrícola SGPS, S.A. 
0.47 
0.47 
Garunter Locales, S.L.. 
0.47 
0.47 
Pepal 2002, S.L. 
0.14 
0.14 
Acor Sociedad Cooperativa General Agropecuaria 
0.19 
0.19 
Gespater, S.L. 
0.28 
0.28 
Publindal, S.L. 
0.42 
0.42 
Surister del Arroyo, S.L. 
0.19 
0.19 
Grupo Juramenta, S.L. 
0.09 
0.09 
Repalmar, S.L. 
0.09 
0.09 
Frutas de Guadalentín, S.L. 
0.28 
0.28 
Other minority shareholders 
0.10 
0.10 
(1) Former Caja Rural of Castilla – La Mancha.

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 - 
 
 
Any credit cooperative wishing to join the GCC Group must acquire an interest in the share capital of the Issuer. 
The Members may exercise their dividend and voting rights as shareholders of BCC in proportion to their 
shareholdings. When they exercise these rights, they must safeguard the GCC Group's interests and take into 
consideration that their holding in BCC secures their participation in the GCC Group. In addition, as each Member 
has signed or acceded to the Regulating Agreement, each such Member shareholder delegates to BCC, in its role 
as the controlling and decision-making entity, all responsibilities in relation to management policies, consolidation 
of accounts, formulation of business strategy, and ensuring the solvency, liquidity and regulatory compliance of 
all Members. 
Members are required at all times to maintain full ownership of their shares in BCC and any preferential 
subscription rights they may hold, free of charges and encumbrances and with all relevant dividend and voting 
rights. Members may only transfer shares in BCC to other Members and/or third parties with the prior consent of 
BCC. In this event, an adjustment must be agreed and made to the corporate governance rules set out in the 
Regulating Agreement of the GCC Group based on the new percentage holdings in BCC's share capital. The 
shareholders that are not members of the GCC Group may exercise their voting and dividend rights without any 
restriction.  
At the date of this Offering Circular, all shareholders outside of the GCC Group hold a percentage shareholding 
representing less than 3% of the share capital of BCC. 
As of 31 December 2021, the shares held by Members in BCC totalled €977 million, the same figure as the 
previous year: 
 
Thousands of Euros 
 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 
Cajamar Caja Rural, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito(1) 
898,842  
898,842  
Caixa Rural de Torrent, Cooperativa de Crédito Valenciana 
15,981  
15,981  
Caixa Rural de Altea, Cooperativa de Crédito Valenciana 
9,242 
9,242 
Caja Rural San José de Burriana, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
7,714 
7,714 
Caja de Crédito de Petrel, Caja Rural, Cooperativa de Crédito Valenciana 
6,681 
6,681 
Caja Rural Católico Agraria, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito (Caixa Rural Vila-real) 
8,040 
8,040 
Caja Rural de Callosa d'en Sarriá, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
5,556 
5,556 
Caja Rural San Jaime de Alquerias del Niňo Perdido, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
4,124 
4,124 
Caja Rural de Cheste, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
3,606 
3,606 
Caja Rural San José de Nules, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
3,155 
3,155 
Caja Rural de Alginet, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
2,676 
2,676 
Caixa Rural de Turis, Cooperativa de Crédito Valenciana 
2,413 
2,413 
Caja Rural Sant Vicente Ferrer de la Vall D'Uixo 
2,416 
2,416 
Caja Rural de Villar, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
2,257 
2,257 
Caja Rural San José Vilavella, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
1,536 
1,536 
Caja Rural San Roque de Almenara, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
1,147 
1,147 
Caja Rural San Isidro de Vilafamés, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
948 
948 
Caja Rural La Junquera de Chilches, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito 
1,017 
1,017 
Total 
977,349 
977,349 
(1)  Formerly, Cajas Rurales Unidas, Sociedad Cooperativa de Crédito. Renamed Cajamar in December 2015.

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 - 
 
 
SOLVENCY OF THE GCC GROUP 
Contributions to the capital of Cajamar amounted to €3,061 million as of 31 December 2021, compared to €2,880 
million as of 31 December 2020. Cooperative capital of the other seventeen credit cooperatives of the GCC Group 
amounted to €80 million as of 31 December 2021, compared to €72 million as of 31 December 2020. 
 
Thousands of Euros 
 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 
Capital 
1,059,028 
1,059,028 
Parent's reserves 
21,859 
11,340 
Equity of the Group's cooperatives subject to solvency commitment 
3,463,497 
3,265,286 
Equity of Cajamar Caja Rural subject to solvency commitment 
3,193,448 
3,004,297 
Contributions to the share capital of Cajamar Caja Rural 
3,060,694 
2,879,581 
Reserves of Cajamar Caja Rural 
132,781 
124,743 
Less: Treasury shares 
(27) 
(27) 
Equity of the rest of the Group's coops. subject to solvency commitment  
270,049 
260,989 
Share capital contributions to the rest of the Group's cooperatives 
80,316 
72,340 
Reserves of the rest of cooperative societies 
189,761 
188,677 
Less: Treasury shares 
(28) 
(28) 
Reserves generated during the consolidation process 
(54,972) 
(58,657) 
Other Consolidable Group Reserves 
(3,949) 
(14,473) 
Reserves of entities accounted for using the equity method 
32,626 
53,722 
Parent's shares (-) 
(977,349) 
(977,349) 
Profit or loss attributable to the Parent 
62,625 
23,760 
Dividends (-) 
(7,882) 
- 
Interim dividends (-) 
(617) 
- 
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss 
(12,079) 
25,613 
Items that may not be reclassified to profit or loss 
(3,980) 
(11,487) 
Total equity 
3,578,807 
3,376,783 
Due to the authorisation received in June 2014 from the Bank of Spain recognising the GCC Group as an IPS, the 
obligation of Members of the GCC Group to comply on an individual basis with the application of the 
requirements set out in Parts Two to Eight of the CRR has been waived in accordance with Article 10 of CRR. 
This exemption applies to BCC and to each of the other 18 Members of the GCC Group. Consequently, the GCC 
Group only has to comply with the minimum capital requirements previously defined on a consolidated basis. 
Eligible equity and capital requirements for the GCC Group as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 
 
Thousands of Euros 
 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 
Eligible own funds 
3,897,271 
3,533,405  
CET 1 Capital 
3,297,400 
3,145,405 
Common Equity Tier 1 items and instruments 
3,705,612 
3,531,590  
Capital 
3,222,634 
3,033,545 
Accumulated reserves 
482,978 
498,045 
Deductions 
(408,212) 
(386,185) 
TIER 2 Capital 
599,871 
388,000 
Pillar I capital adequacy requirements 
1,985,107 
1,824,981  
Credit Risk 
1,773,451 
1,689,930 
Operative Risk 
128,729 
124,591 
CVA 
78,680 
2,295 
Securitisations 
4,247 
8,165 
Capital adequacy Ratio 
15.71% 
15.49% 
CET 1 ratio 
13.29% 
13.79% 
As of 31 December 2021, the phased-in CET1 ratio stood at 13.29% and the phased-in total capital ratio at 15.71%. 
At year-end 2021, the CET1 ratio (fully loaded) stood at 12.79% and the Total Capital ratio (fully loaded) stood 
at 15.20%. Based on the results of the SREP, in a statement dated 3 February 2022, the ECB stated that the GCC 
Group was required to present a CET 1 ratio of 8.41% from March 2022. That ratio comprises a regulatory capital

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 - 
 
 
requirement (Pillar 1) of 4.5%, a Pillar 2 requirement of 1.41% and a Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5%. The 
Total Capital ratio required is 13%. 
KEY FINANCIAL AND BUSINESS INFORMATION  
A summary of certain key consolidated financial and other information relating to the GCC Group for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 compared to 31 December 2020 is shown below: 
 
 
 
Year on year 
 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 
Change 
% 
 
(Thousands of euros, except for percentages) 
Consolidated Income 
 
 
 
 
Net Interest Income 
672,414 
610,644 
61,770 
10.1% 
Gross Income or Loss 
1,370,736 
1,052,379 
318,357 
30.3% 
Net Income before provisions 
776,490 
478,308 
298,182 
62.3% 
Profit or loss before tax from continuing operations 
77,815 
23,085 
54,730 
237.1% 
Profit for the period 
62,626 
23,760 
38,866 
163.6% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Year on year 
 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 
Change 
% 
 
(Thousands of euros, except for percentages) 
Business 
 
 
 
 
Total Assets 
58,513,026 
53,617,061 
4,895,965 
9.1% 
Equity 
3,594,866 
3,362,657 
232,209 
6.9% 
On-balance sheet retail funds 
38,740,365 
35,255,348 
3,485,017 
9.9% 
Off-balance sheet funds 
6,404,843 
5,056,228 
1,348,615 
26.7% 
Loans to customers (gross) 
35,093,724 
33,730,233 
1,363,491 
4.0% 
Performing loans to customers 
33,781,800 
32,071,928 
1,709,872 
5.3% 
 
 
 
- 
 
Risk management 
 
 
- 
 
Gross Loans 
35,584,965 
34,204,121 
1,380,844 
4.0% 
Non-performing loans 
1,311,924 
1,658,305 
(346,381) 
(20.9%) 
Total risks 
36,541,483 
34,961,436 
1,580,047 
4.5% 
Credit losses & impairments 
(935,165) 
(977,014) 
41,849 
(4.3%) 
NPL ratio (gross) (%) 
3.60% 
4.77% 
(1.2) 
 
NPL coverage ratio (%) 
71.28% 
58.92% 
12.4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Liquidity 
 
 
 
 
LTD (%) 
85.71% 
89.92% 
(4.2) 
 
LCR (%) 
206.05% 
235.23% 
(29.2) 
 
NSFR (%) 
138.12% 
128.57% 
9.6 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Solvency 10 
 
 
 
 
CET 1 ratio (%) 
13.29% 
13.79% 
(0.5) 
 
Tier 2 ratio (%) 
2.42% 
1.70% 
0.7 
 
Capital ratio (%) 
15.71% 
15.49% 
0.2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Profitability and efficiency 
 
 
 
 
ROA (%) 
0.11% 
0.05% 
0.1 
 
RORWA (%) 
0.26% 
0.10% 
0.2 
 
ROE (%) 
1.80% 
0.71% 
1.1 
 
Cost-income ratio (%) 
43.35% 
54.55% 
(11.2) 
 
 
10  Phased-in figures.

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 - 
 
 
 
 
 
Year on year 
 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 
Change 
% 
 
 
 
 
 
Other data 
 
 
 
 
Cooperative members 
1,559,101 
1,459,536 
99,565 
6.8% 
Employees (*) 
5,317 
5,406 
(89) 
(1.6%) 
Branches 
873 
910 
(37) 
(4.1%) 
(*) Employees of BCC and cooperative banks of the GCC Group (not including subsidiaries that are not credit entities) 
A summary of the consolidated balance sheet as of 31 December 2021 compared to 31 December 2020 for the 
GCC Group is shown below: 
 
 
 
Year on year 
 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 
Change 
% 
 
(Thousands of euros, except for percentages) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other 
demand deposits 
4,978,130 
2,693,743 
2,284,387 
84.8% 
Financial assets held for trading 
1,131 
2,976 
(1,845) 
(62.0%) 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair 
value through profit or loss  
462,547 
437,990 
24,557 
5.6% 
Financial assets designated at fair value through 
profit or loss 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
570,206 
2,297,766 
(1,727,560) 
(75.2%) 
Financial assets at amortised cost 
48,561,611 
44,245,963 
4,315,648 
9.8% 
Of which: Loans and advances  
33,962,308 
32,766,006 
1,196,302 
3.7% 
Of which: Debt securities investments 
14,599,303 
11,479,957 
3,119,346 
27.2% 
Derivatives-Hedge Accounting 
606,871 
- 
606,871 
100% 
Investments in joint ventures and associates 
106,383 
101,357 
5,026 
5.0% 
Tangible assets 
959,451 
1,046,035 
(86,584) 
(8.3%) 
Intangible assets 
172,704 
200,632 
(27,928) 
(13.9%) 
Tax assets 
1,159,585 
1,151,899 
7,686 
0.7% 
Other assets 
779,791 
1,120,474 
(340,683) 
(30.4%) 
Non-current assets and disposal groups of assets 
classified as held-for-sale 
154,616 
318,226 
(163,610) 
(51.4%) 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL ASSETS 
58,513,026 
53,617,061 
4,895,965 
9.1% 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
907 
2,609 
(1,702) 
(65.2%) 
Financial liabilities at amortised cost 
54,246,746 
49,516,281 
4,730,465 
9.6% 
Derivatives-Hedge Accounting 
188,706 
195,974 
(7,268) 
(3.7%) 
Provisions 
95,202 
81,545 
13,657 
16.7% 
Tax liabilities 
75,062 
81,629 
(6,567) 
(8.0%) 
Other liabilities 
327,596 
362,240 
(34,644) 
(9.6%) 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
54,934,219 
50,240,278 
4,693,941 
9.3% 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity 
3,594,866 
3,362,657 
232,209 
6.9% 
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
(16,059) 
14,126 
(30,185) 
(213.7%) 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL EQUITY 
3,578,807 
3,376,783 
202,024 
6.0% 
 
 
 
 
 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
58,513,026 
53,617,061 
4,895,965 
9.1% 
CAPITAL REMUNERATION 
Regarding BCC dividends, on 28 September 2021, BCC approved an interim dividend distribution of €8 million, 
on the 2021's results, actually paid out on 1 October 2021. At the general meeting of the Board of Directors of 
BCC held on 28 April 2022, an additional dividend distribution on 2021 results amounting to an additional €8 
million was approved, which was paid in 29 April 2022. This resulted in a total distribution of €16 million related 
to the results of 2021. 
Regarding remuneration on contributions to the capital of Credit Cooperatives, in 2021 the credit cooperatives 
accrued €19 million as interest payments on their contributions to cooperative capital, out of which €8 million 
were paid in October 2021 and the remaining up to €19 million were paid after the Shareholders' Assemblies.

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 - 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
BCC considers the following metrics to constitute Alternative Performance Measures as defined in the European 
Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines introduced on 3 July 2016 on Alternative Performance Measures 
that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS-EU.  
BCC considers that these metrics provide useful information for investors, securities analysts and other interested 
parties in order to better understand the underlying business, the financial position, cash flows and the results of 
operations of the GCC Group. Such measures should, however, not be considered as a substitute to profit or loss 
attributable to BCC or any other performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS-EU or as an alternative 
to cash flow from operating, investing and financing activities as a measure of BCC's liquidity. 
Other companies in the industry may calculate similarly titled measures differently, such that disclosure of 
similarly titled measures by other companies may not be comparable with that of BCC and the GCC Group. In 
addition, these measures are not comparable to similarly titled measures contained in the notes to BCC's audited 
consolidated annual accounts. Investors are advised to review these alternative performance measures in 
conjunction with BCC's audited consolidated annual accounts and accompanying notes which are incorporated 
by reference in this Offering Circular.  
(IN ALPHABETICAL ORDER) 
  
Measure 
Definition and calculation 
1 
Average Total Assets (ATAs) 
Average of the end-of quarter figures since the previous December 
(inclusive). 
2 
Branches 
Total branches reported to Bank of Spain (includes part-time branches, or 
“ventanillas” and excludes financial agencies) 
3 
Business gap 
Difference between the denominator and numerator of the Loan to deposits 
ratio 
4 
Cooperative members 
Owners of at least one contribution to the equity capital of the credit 
cooperatives (both companies and individuals). 
5 
Cost of Risk (%) 
Total impairment losses annualized / Average Gross Loans and REOs 
6 
Cost-income ratio (%) 
Operating Expenses / Gross income 
7 
Customer 
funds 
under 
management 
Customers’ deposits + Off-balance sheet funds 
8 
Customers' deposits 
Sight deposits + Term deposits 
9 
Customers' spread (%) 
Calculated as the difference between the Average revenue of loans to 
customers gross and the Average cost of customer deposits (sight deposits 
and term deposits) 
10 
Debt securities from customers 
Portfolio of senior debt securities of big enterprises. 
11 
Employees 
SIP's total employees, excluding temporary and pre-retired employees 
12 
Foreclosed assets (gross) 
REOs excluding RE investments. 
13 
Foreclosed assets (net) 
Foreclosed assets (gross) – Total foreclosed assets coverage  
14 
Foreclosed assets coverage ratio 
(%) 
Foreclosed assets coverage / Foreclosed assets (gross)

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 - 
 
 
15 
Foreclosed assets coverage ratio 
with debt forgiveness (%) 
Total foreclosed assets coverage with debt forgiveness / Foreclosed assets 
with debt forgiveness (gross) 
16 
Foreclosed assets ratio (%) 
Foreclosed assets net / (Foreclosed assets net + Gross Loans) 
17 
Funds under management 
Total balance-sheet funds (On-balance sheet retail funds + Wholesale funds) 
+ Off-balance-sheet funds 
18 
Gain 
(losses) 
on 
financial 
transactions 
Gain or losses on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss, net 
+ Gain or losses on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net 
+ Gain or (-) losses on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss, net 
+ Gain or (-) losses on financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
through profit or loss, net 
+ Gain or losses from hedge accounting, net 
19 
Gross 
income 
without 
gains 
(lossess) on financial transactions 
Gross income – Gains (lossess) on financial transactions 
20 
Gross Loans 
Loans to customers (gross) + Other loans (monetary market transactions 
through counterparties) + Debt securities from customers 
21 
Gross loans coverage 
Impairment losses on loans and customer prepayment + Impairment losses 
on other financial assets + Impairment adjustments on deposits at credit 
institutions 
22 
Impairment losses 
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at 
fair value through profit or loss and net gains or (-) losses on changes + 
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment on non-financial assets + 
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment of investments in joint ventures or 
associates (net) 
23 
Loans to customers (gross) 
 
Loans and advances to customers - Other loans (monetary market 
transactions through counterparties) + Financial assets designated at fair 
value through profit or loss - Loans and advances - Impairment losses on 
loans and customer prepayments - Impairment losses on other financial assets 
 
24 
Loan to deposits ratio (LTD) (%) 
Loans to customers / Deposits 
25 
MREL ratio (%) 
Own funds and eligible liabilities / Risk Weighted Assets 
26 
Net Interest Income o/ATA (%) 
Net interest income / Average total assets 
27 
Net NPA ratio (%) 
(Non-performing loans  – Gross Loans Coverage + Foreclosed assets net) / 
(Gross loans – Gross Loans Coverage + Foreclosed assets net) 
28 
Net non-performing loans (NPL) 
Non-performing loans – Gross Loans Coverage  
29 
Net NPL ratio (%) 
(Non-performing loans  – Gross Loans Coverage + Non-performing 
contingent risks- – Coverage of contingent risks)/ (Gross loans - Gross Loans 
Coverage + Contingent risks – Coverage of contingent risks) 
30 
Non-performing assets (NPA) 
Non-performing loans + Foreclosed assets (gross) 
31 
Non-performing total risks 
Non-performing loans + non-performing contingent risks 
32 
NPA coverage ratio (%) 
(Gross loans coverage + Foreclosed assets coverage) / (Non-performing 
loans + Foreclosed assets (gross))

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 - 
 
 
33 
NPA 
coverage 
with 
debt 
forgiveness (%) 
(Gross loans coverage + Foreclosed assets coverage with debt forgiveness) / 
(non-performing loans + Foreclosed assets  with debt forgiveness (gross))  
34 
NPA ratio (gross) (%) 
(Non-performing loans + Foreclosed assets gross) / (Gross loans + 
Foreclosed assets gross) 
35 
NPL coverage ratio (%) 
Gross loans coverage / Non-performing loans 
36 
NPL ratio (%) 
(Non-performing loans + non-performing contingent risks) / (Gross loans + 
contingent risks) 
37 
Off-balance sheet funds 
Mutual funds + Pension plans + Saving insurance + Fixed-equity income 
held by customers 
38 
On-balance sheet retail funds 
Sight deposits + Term deposits+ Other funds 
39 
Operating expenses 
Personnel expenses + Other administrative expenses + Depreciation and 
Amortization 
40 
Performing Loans 
Gross loans – Non-performing loans 
41 
Performing Loans to customers 
Loans to customers (gross) – Non-performing loans 
42 
Recurring cost-income ratio (%) 
Operating expenses / Recurring gross income 
43 
Recurring gross income 
Gross income -  Extraordinary results included in Gains (losses) on financial 
transactions - Mandatory transfers to the Education and Development Fund 
included in Other operating income/expenses 
 
44 
Recurring net income before 
provisions 
Recurring Gross Income – Operating Expenses 
 
45 
RED Loans 
Real estate development outstanding amount 
46 
REOs 
Foreclosed assets + Real Estate Investments 
47 
ROA (%) 
Annualization of the following quotient: Profit for the period / Average total 
assets (average of the end-of-quarter figures since the previous December, 
inclusive) 
48 
ROE (%) 
Annualization of the following quotient: Profit for the period / Average total 
equity (average of the end-of-quarter figures since the previous December, 
inclusive) 
49 
RORWA (%) 
Annualization of the following quotient: Profit for the period / Average risk-
weighted assets (average of the end-of-quarter figures since the previous 
December, inclusive) 
50 
Texas ratio (%) 
(Non-performing total risks (including non-performing loans from credit 
institutions) + gross REOs) / (Total risks coverage + REOs coverage + Total 
Equity). 
51 
Total balance sheet funds 
On-balance sheet retail funds + Wholesale funding 
52 
Total 
impairment 
losses 
annualized 
Annualization of: (The part of Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment on 
financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss and net gains 
or (-) losses on changes corresponding to financial assets at amortised cost + 
Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment on non-financial assets (excluded 
the impairment of goodwill) + Impairment losses on non-current assets held 
for sale).

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 - 
 
 
53 
Total lending 
Gross loans – Credit losses and impairment 
54 
Total risks 
Gross loans + Contingent risks 
55 
Wholesale funds 
Bonds and other securities + Subordinated liabilities + Central counterparty 
deposits + Deposits from credit institutions + Deposits from Central Banks 
Where applicable, reconciliation of the relevant figures for 2021 and 2020 are provided below: 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
 
31/12/2020 
53,617,061 
31/12/2019 
47,406,455 
31/03/2021 
54,793,981 
31/03/2020 
48,183,200 
30/06/2021 
56,380,479 
30/06/2020 
52,725,077 
30/09/2021 
57,594,049 
30/09/2020 
52,690,201 
  
31/12/2021 
58,513,026 
31/12/2020 
53,617,061 
Average total assets (ATAs) 
  
56,179,719 
  
50,924,399 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
31/12/2020 
3,376,783 
31/12/2019 
3,326,171 
31/03/2021 
3,437,449 
31/03/2020 
3,298,045 
30/06/2021 
3,509,574 
30/06/2020 
3,354,234 
30/09/2021 
3,530,152 
30/09/2020 
3,348,152 
  
31/12/2021 
3,578,807 
31/12/2020 
3,376,783 
Average total equity 
  
3,486,553 
  
3,340,677 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
31/12/2020 
22,812,260 
31/12/2019 
23,357,888 
31/03/2021 
23,337,955 
31/03/2020 
23,409,811 
30/06/2021 
24,257,030 
30/06/2020 
23,335,545 
30/09/2021 
24,635,367 
30/09/2020 
23,073,980 
  
31/12/2021 
24,813,847 
31/12/2020 
22,812,260 
Average risk weighted assets 
  
23,971,292 
  
23,197,897 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Numerator of LTD ratio (1) 
34,158,559 
32,753,219 
Denominator of LTD ratio (2) 
  
39,854,139 
  
36,425,343 
Business gap = (2) – (1) 
  
5,695,580 
  
3,672,124 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Impairment (1) 
 
527,836 
 
381,075 
Average Gross loans and Gross REOs (2) = 
(3) + (4) 
  
37,499,740 
  
35,808,752 
31/12/2020 
37,148,505 
31/12/2019 
34,514,356 
31/03/2021 
37,260,891 
31/03/2020 
34,901,281 
 
30/06/2021 
37,704,688 
30/06/2020 
35,893,863 
30/09/2021 
37,696,544 
30/09/2020 
36,585,756 
  
31/12/2021 
37,688,072 
31/12/2020 
37,148,505 
Average Gross loans (3) 
  
34,823,146 
  
32,822,477

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 - 
 
 
 
31/12/2020 
34,204,121 
31/12/2019 
31,522,642 
31/03/2021 
34,363,255 
31/03/2020 
31,906,815 
 
30/06/2021 
34,927,588 
30/06/2020 
32,888,285 
30/09/2021 
35,035,801 
30/09/2020 
33,590,523 
  
31/12/2021 
35,584,965 
31/12/2020 
34,204,121 
Average Gross REOs (4) 
  
2,676,594 
  
2,986,275 
31/12/2020 
2,944,384 
31/12/2019 
2,991,714 
31/03/2021 
2,897,636 
31/03/2020 
2,994,466 
 
30/06/2021 
2,777,100 
30/06/2020 
3,005,578 
30/09/2021 
2,660,743 
30/09/2020 
2,995,233 
  
31/12/2021 
2,103,107 
31/12/2020 
2,944,384 
Cost of risk (%)  = (1)/(2) 
  
1.41% 
  
1.06% 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Operating expenses (1) 
594,246 
574,071 
Gross income or loss (2) 
  
1,370,736 
  
1,052,379 
Cost-income ratio (%)=(1)/(2) 
  
43.35% 
  
54.55% 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Customers’ deposits (1) 
38,740,365 
35,255,348 
Off balance sheet funds (2) 
  
6,404,843 
  
5,056,228 
Customer funds under management = (1) + 
(2) 
  
45,145,208 
  
40,311,576 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Sight deposits (1) 
34,644,088 
29,707,433 
Term deposits (2) 
  
4,096,277 
  
5,547,915 
Customers’ deposits = (1) + (2)11 
  
38,740,365 
  
35,255,348 
  
  
  
  
  
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Average revenue of  loans to customers 
gross (1) = (a) / (b) 
  
1.57% 
  
1.70% 
Revenue (a) 
540,688 
550,898 
Average loans to customers (gross) (b) 
34,352,593 
32,384,324 
31/12/2020 
33,730,233 
31/12/2019 
31,122,100 
31/03/2021 
33,903,324 
31/03/2020 
31,519,555 
30/06/2021 
34,460,416 
30/06/2020 
32,428,560 
30/09/2021 
34,575,268 
30/09/2020 
33,121,168 
31/12/2021 
35,093,724 
31/12/2020 
33,730,236 
Average cost of customer deposits (sight 
deposits and term deposits) (2) = (c )/(d) 
  
0.02% 
  
0.05% 
 
11 Includes valuation adjustments and other accounts.

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 - 
 
 
Cost  (c ) 
 
8,672 
 
15,466 
Average customer deposits (d) 
 
37,204,431 
 
33,138,509 
31/12/2020 
35,255,352 
31/12/2019 
30,561,447 
31/03/2021 
36,248,688 
31/03/2020 
31,643,164 
 
30/06/2021 
37,425,861 
30/06/2020 
33,339,582 
30/09/2021 
38,351,887 
30/09/2020 
34,892,998 
31/12/2021 
38,740,365 
31/12/2020 
35,255,352 
Customers’ spread (%) = (1) - (2) 
  
1.55% 
  
1.65% 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Debt securities from customers 
  
491,241 
  
473,888 
  
 
 
 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Foreclosed assets coverage (1) 
1,069,133 
1,301,282 
Foreclosed assets (gross) (2) 
  
1,867,938 
  
2,603,559 
Foreclosed assets coverage ratio  (%)  = 
(1)/(2) 
  
57.24% 
  
49.98% 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Total foreclosed assets coverage with debt 
forgiveness (1) 
 
1,285,561 
 
1,618,059 
Foreclosed assets with debt forgiveness 
(gross) (2) 
  
2,084,366 
  
2,920,336 
Foreclosed assets coverage ratio with debt 
forgiveness(%)  = (1)/(2) 
  
61.68% 
  
55.41% 
 
 
 
 
 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
REOs (1) 
 
2,103,107 
 
2,944,384 
RE Investments (2) 
 
235,169 
 
340,825 
Foreclosed assets (gross) = (1) – (2) 
 
1,867,938 
 
2,603,559 
 
 
 
 
 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Foreclosed assets (gross) (1) 
  
1,867,938 
 
2,603,559 
Total foreclosed coverage (2) 
  
1,069,133 
  
1,301,282 
Foreclosed assets (net) = (1) - (2) 
 
798,805 
  
1,302,277 
 
 
 
 
 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Gain or losses on derecognition of financial 
assets and liabilities not measured at fair value 
through profit or loss, net (1) 
440,548 
136,933 
Gain or losses on financial assets and liabilities 
held for trading, net (2) 
41 
-963 
Gain or losses from hedge accounting, net (3) 
-1,289 
-1 
Gain or (-) losses on non-trading financial 
assets mandatorily at fair value through profit 
or loss, net (4) 
  
27,269 
  
79,573 
Gains (losses) on financial transactions 
(1)+(2)+(3) + (4) 
  
466,569 
  
215,542

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 - 
 
 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Customers’ deposits (1)12 
38,740,365 
35,255,348 
Other funds(2) 
  
0 
  
0 
On-balance sheet retail funds (a) = (1) + (2)   
38,740,365 
  
35,255,348 
Wholesale funds (b)  
  
14,491,605 
  
13,853,344 
Mutual funds (3) 
 
4,409,670 
 
3,122,216 
Pension plans (4) 
944,318 
875,176 
Savings insurances (5) 
569,443 
629,182 
Fixed-equity income (6) 
 
481,412 
 
429,654 
Off-balance sheet funds (c) = (3) + (4) + (5) 
+ (6) 
  
6,404,843 
  
5,056,227 
Funds under management = (a) + (b) + ( c )   
59,636,813 
  
54,164,919 
  
  
  
  
  
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Gross income or loss (1) 
1,370,736 
1,052,379 
Gains (losses) on financial transactions (2) 
  
466,569 
  
215,542 
Gross income without gains (losses) on 
financial transactions (1) - (2) 
  
904,167 
  
836,837 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Loans to customers (gross) (1) 
35,093,724 
33,730,233 
Other loans (monetary market transactions 
through counterparties) (2) 
 
0 
 
0 
Debt securities from customers (3) 
  
491,241 
  
473,888 
Gross loans = (1) + (2) + (3) 
  
35,584,965 
  
34,204,121 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Impairment or reversal of impairment of 
financial assets not measured at fair value 
through profit or loss and net gains or (-) losses 
on changes  (1) 
-307,182 
-314,195 
 Impairment or (-) reversal of impairment on 
non-financial assets (2) 
-221,576 
-67,262 
Impairment or reversal of impairment of 
investments in joint ventures or associates 
(net) (3) 
  
0 
  
0 
Impairment losses (1) + (2) + (3) 
  
-528,758 
  
-381,457 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Loans and advances to customers (1) 
33,808,876 
32,435,695 
Other loans (monetary market transactions 
through counterparties)  (2) 
0 
0 
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss 
- Loans and advances (3) 
349,683 
317,524 
Impairment losses on loans and customer 
prepayments (4) 
-934,167 
-976,343 
Impairment losses on other financial assets (5)   
-998 
  
-671 
Loans to customers (gross) = (1) - (2) + (3) - 
(4) - (5) 
  
35,093,724 
  
33,730,233 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Loans to customers (1) = (a) + (b) 
34,158,559 
32,753,219 
 
12 Includes valuation adjustments and other accounts.

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 - 
 
 
Loans and advances to customers (a) 
 
33,808,876 
 
32,435,695 
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss (b) 
349,683 
317,524 
Deposits (2) = (3) + (4) + (5) + (6) + (7) + (8) 
+ (9) 
39,854,139 
36,425,343 
Customers’ deposits (3)13 
 
38,740,365 
 
35,255,348 
Retail commercial paper (4) 
0 
0 
Retail subordinated debt (5) 
0 
0 
Repo with clients (6) 
 
0 
 
0 
Other retail funding (7) 
0 
0 
Shares issued (net issued securitizations) (8) 
447,792 
599,657 
I,C,O,, I,E,B,, E,I,F, LOANS (9) 
  
665,982 
  
570,338 
LTD (loan to deposits) ratio(%) = (1)/(2) 
  
85.71% 
  
89.92% 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Net interest income (1) 
 
672,414 
 
610,644 
Average total assets (2) 
  
56,179,719 
  
50,924,399 
31/12/2020 
53,617,061 
31/12/2019 
47,406,455 
31/03/2021 
54,793,981 
31/03/2020 
48,183,200 
30/06/2021 
56,380,479 
30/06/2020 
52,725,077 
30/09/2021 
57,594,049 
30/09/2020 
52,690,201 
  
31/12/2021 
58,513,026 
31/12/2020 
53,617,061 
Net Interest Income o/ATA = (1) /(2) 
  
1.20% 
  
1.20% 
  
  
  
  
  
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Non-performing loans (1) 
1,311,924 
1,658,305 
Gross loans coverage (2) 
935,167 
977,020 
Net foreclosed assets (3) 
  
798,805 
  
1,302,277 
Net non performing assets (1)-(2)+(3) 
  
1,175,562 
  
1,983,562 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Non-performing loans (1) 
1,311,924 
1,658,305 
Gross loans coverage (2) 
935,167 
977,020 
Foreclosed assets (net) (3) 
798,805 
1,302,277 
Gross loans (4) 
35,584,965 
34,204,121 
Gross loans coverage (5) 
935,167 
977,020 
Net NPA ratio (%) (1) - (2) + (3) / (4) - (5) + 
(3) 
  
3.3% 
  
5.7% 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Non-performing loans (1) 
1,311,924 
1,658,305 
Gross loans coverage (2) 
935,167 
977,020 
Net non performing loans (1) - (2) 
  
376,757 
  
681,285 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Non-performing loans (1) 
1,311,924 
1,658,305 
 
13 Includes valuation adjustments and other accounts.

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 - 
 
 
Gross loans coverage (2) 
935,167 
977,020 
Non performing contingent risks (3) 
5,025 
8,570 
Contingent risks impairment (4) 
3,959 
7,261 
Gross loans (5) 
35,584,965 
34,204,121 
Contingent risks (6) 
956,517 
757,314 
Net NPL ratio (%) (1) - (2) + (3) - (4) / (5) - 
(2) + (6) - (4) 
  
1.06% 
  
2.01% 
  
 
 
 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Non performing loans (1)  
1,311,924 
1,658,305 
Gross foreclosed assets (2) 
  
1,867,938 
  
2,603,559 
Non performing assets (NPA) (1) + (2) 
  
3,179,862 
  
4,261,864 
  
 
 
 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Doubtful assets within loans and advances (1) 
1,311,024 
1,657,750 
Other non performing assets (2) 
  
900 
  
555 
Non performing loans (1) + (2) 
  
1,311,924 
  
1,658,305 
  
  
  
  
  
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Impairment losses on loans and customer 
prepayments (1) 
934,167 
976,343 
Impairment losses on other financial assets (2) 
998 
671 
Impairment adjustments on deposits at credit 
institutions (3) 
  
2 
  
6 
 Gross loans coverage = (1) + (2) +(3) 
  
935,167 
  
977,020 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Non performing loans (1)  
1,311,924 
1,658,305 
Non performing contingent risks (2) 
  
5,025 
  
8,570 
Non performing total risks (1) + (2) 
  
1,316,949 
  
1,666,875 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Gross loans coverage (1)  
935,167 
977,020 
Foreclosed assets coverage (2) 
  
1,069,133 
  
1,301,282 
NPA coverage (1) + (2) 
  
2,004,300 
  
2,278,302 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Non performing Loans (1) 
1,311,924 
1,658,305 
Foreclosed assets (gross) (2) 
1,867,938 
2,603,559 
Gross loans coverage (3) 
935,167 
977,020 
Foreclosed assets coverage (4) 
  
1,069,133 
  
1,301,282 
NPA coverage ratio (%) = ((3)+(4))/((1)+(2))   
63.03% 
  
53.46% 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Gross loans coverage (1) 
935,167 
977,020 
Total foreclosed assets coverage with debt 
forgiveness (2) 
1,285,561 
1,618,059 
Non performing loans (3) 
1,311,924 
1,658,305

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 - 
 
 
Gross foreclosed assets with debt forgiveness 
(4) 
  
2,084,366 
  
2,920,336 
NPA coverage ratio with debt forgiveness 
(%)  = ((1)+(2))/((3)+(4)) 
  
65.39% 
  
56.68% 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Non performing Loans (1) 
 
1,311,924 
 
1,658,305 
Gross foreclosed assets (2)  
1,867,938 
2,603,559 
Gross loans (3) 
  
35,584,965 
  
34,204,121 
NPA ratio (gross)  (%) = ((1)+(2))/((3)+(2)) 
  
8.49% 
  
11.58% 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Non performing Loans (1) 
1,311,924 
1,658,305 
Gross loans coverage (2) 
  
935,167 
  
977,020 
NPL coverage ratio (%) = (2) / (1) 
  
71.28% 
  
58.92% 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Non performing Loans (1) 
1,311,924 
1,658,305 
Non performing contingent risks (2) 
5,025 
8,570 
Gross loans (3) 
35,584,965 
34,204,121 
Contingent risks (4) 
  
956,518 
  
757,315 
NPL  ratio (%) = ((1) + (2)) / ((3) + (4)) 
  
3.60% 
  
4.77% 
  
 
 
 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Mutual funds (1) 
4,409,670 
3,122,216 
Pension plans (2) 
944,318 
875,176 
Savings insurances (3) 
569,443 
629,182 
Fixed-equity income (4) 
  
481,412 
  
429,654 
Off balance sheet funds = (1) + (2)+(3) + (4)   
6,404,843 
  
5,056,228 
  
 
 
 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Sight deposits (1) 
34,644,088 
29,707,433 
Term deposits (2) 
4,096,277 
5,547,915 
Other funds (3) 
  
0 
  
0 
On-balance sheet retail funds = (1) + (2) + 
(3)14 
  
38,740,365 
  
35,255,348 
  
  
  
  
  
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Personnel expenses (1) 
345,420 
327,368 
Other administrative expenses (2) 
 
180,576 
 
183,681 
Depreciation and amortization (3) 
  
68,250 
  
63,022 
Operating expenses   =(1)+(2) + (3) 
  
594,246 
  
574,071 
  
 
 
 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Gross loans (1)  
 
35,584,965 
 
34,204,121 
Non performing loans (2)  
  
1,311,924 
  
1,658,305 
 
14 Includes valuation adjustments and other accounts.

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 - 
 
 
Performing loans = (1) - (2) 
  
34,273,041 
  
32,545,816 
  
 
 
 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Loans to customers (gross)  (1)  
35,093,724 
33,730,233 
Non performing loans (2)  
  
1,311,924 
  
1,658,305 
Performing loans to customers = (1) - (2) 
  
33,781,800 
  
32,071,928 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Administrative expenses (1) 
 
525,996 
 
511,049 
Depreciation and amortization (2) 
68,250 
63,022 
Recurring gross income (3) 
  
936,267 
  
917,597 
Recurring 
Cost-income 
ratio 
(%) 
=((1)+(2))/(3) 
  
63.47% 
  
62.56% 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Gross income or loss (1) 
 
1,370,736 
 
1,052,379 
Extraordinary results included in Gains 
(losses) on financial transactions (2) 
436,682 
136,135 
Mandatory transfers to the Education and 
Development 
Fund 
included 
in 
Other 
operating income/expenses (3) 
  
-2,213 
  
-1,353 
Recurring Gross income =(1)-(2)-(3) 
  
936,267 
  
917,597 
  
 
 
 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Recurring Gross income (1) 
936,267 
917,597 
Operating expenses (2) 
  
594,246 
  
574,071 
Recurring net income before provisions  
=(1)-(2) 
  
342,021 
  
343,526 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Profit for the period (1)  
62,626 
23,760 
Average total assets (2) 
  
56,179,719 
  
50,924,399 
31/12/2020 
53,617,061 
31/12/2019 
47,406,455 
31/03/2021 
54,793,981 
31/03/2020 
48,183,200 
30/06/2021 
56,380,479 
30/06/2020 
52,725,077 
30/09/2021 
57,594,049 
30/09/2020 
52,690,201 
  
31/12/2021 
58,513,026 
31/12/2020 
53,617,061 
ROA (%) = (1) / (2)  
  
0.11% 
  
0.05% 
  
 
 
 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Profit for the period (1)  
62,626 
23,760 
Average total equity (2) 
  
3,486,553 
  
3,340,677 
31/12/2020 
3,376,783 
31/12/2019 
3,326,171 
 
31/03/2021 
3,437,449 
31/03/2020 
3,298,045 
30/06/2021 
3,509,574 
30/06/2020 
3,354,234 
30/09/2021 
3,530,152 
30/09/2020 
3,348,152 
  
31/12/2021 
3,578,807 
31/12/2020 
3,376,783

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 - 
 
 
ROE (%) = (1) / (2)  
  
1.80% 
  
0.71% 
  
 
 
 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Profit for the period (1)  
 
62,626 
 
23,760 
Average risk weighted assets 
  
23,971,292 
  
23,197,897 
31/12/2020 
22,812,260 
31/12/2019 
23,357,888 
 
31/03/2021 
23,337,955 
31/03/2020 
23,409,811 
30/06/2021 
24,257,030 
30/06/2020 
23,335,545 
30/09/2021 
24,635,367 
30/09/2020 
23,073,980 
  
31/12/2021 
24,813,847 
31/12/2020 
22,812,260 
RORWA (%) = (1) / (2)  
  
0.26% 
  
0.10% 
  
  
  
  
  
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Non-performing total risks (1) = (2)+(3)+(4)   
1,316,949 
  
1,666,888 
Non performing loans (2) 
1,311,924 
1,658,305 
Non performing loans to financial institutions 
(3) 
0 
13 
Doubtful contingent risks (4) 
5,025 
8,570 
REOs (gross) (5)  
  
2,103,107 
  
2,944,384 
Total risks coverage (6) = (7)+(8)+(9) 
  
948,246 
  
993,552 
Gross loans coverage (7) 
935,167 
 
977,020 
Coverage for contingent risks (8) 
7,603 
10,997 
Coverage for debt securities (9) 
5,476 
5,535 
REOs coverage (10) 
  
1,181,049 
  
1,446,849 
Total Equity (11) 
  
3,578,807 
  
3,376,783 
Texas ratio (%) = (1)+(5)/(6)+(10)+(11) 
  
59.92% 
  
79.27% 
 
 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
On-balance sheet retail funds (1)15 
38,740,365 
35,255,348 
Wholesale funds (2)16 
  
14,491,605 
  
13,853,344 
Total balance sheet funds   =(1)+(2) 
  
53,231,970 
  
49,108,692 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Gross loans (1) 
35,584,965 
34,204,121 
Credit losses and impairment (2) 
  
935,165 
  
977,014 
Total lending   =(1)-(2) 
  
34,649,800 
  
33,227,107 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Gross loans 
 
35,584,965 
 
34,204,121 
 
15 Includes valuation adjustments and other accounts. 
16 Includes valuation adjustments and deposits from credit institutions.

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 - 
 
 
Contingent risks 
  
956,518 
  
757,315 
Total risks   =(1)+(2) 
  
36,541,483 
  
34,961,436 
  
 
 
 
(EUR Thousand) 
  
31/12/2021 
  
31/12/2020 
Bonds and other securities 
2,193,663 
1,857,990 
Subordinated liabilities 
 
643,458 
 
400,621 
Central counterparty deposits 
544,356 
1,281,280 
Deposits from central banks 
10,269,833 
9,449,530 
Deposits from credit institutions 
  
840,295 
  
863,923 
Wholesale funds17 
  
14,491,605 
  
13,853,344 
 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
The nature of the business of the GCC Group causes it to be involved in routine legal and other proceedings from 
time to time. As of 31 December 2021, the Group was involved in certain ongoing lawsuits and proceedings 
arising from the ordinary course of its operations. These proceedings are of a civil or judicial-administrative nature 
or of a non-judicial administrative nature for amounts that are not material and involve issues that are customary 
for large financial institutions. None of these proceedings relate to supervisory matters or the regulation of 
financial entities.  Management does not believe that these proceedings, if decided against the GCC Group, would 
have a significant effect on the business or financial condition of the GCC Group. 
Information about the legal and regulatory risks that the Issuer may be exposed to in the near future can be found 
in "The GCC Group is exposed to risk of loss from legal and regulatory claims" under Risk Factors section. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
The rights and obligations of the Members of the GCC Group and the competencies that have been delegated to 
BCC are governed by the Regulating Agreement as more fully described under "– Grupo Cooperativo Cajamar". 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer's and the GCC Group's 
businesses which could result in any member of the GCC Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes. 
CREDIT RATING 
On 27 January 2022 S&P affirmed BCC's rating and Cajamar's rating assigning a long-term credit rating of BB 
and a short-term credit rating of B with stable outlook. On 23 May 2022 DBRS confirmed ratings assigned to the 
GCC Group, remaining the long-term rating of the Issuer at BB (high) and the short-term at R-3, and at the same 
time, it revised the trend on all ratings to Stable from Negative. 
 
17 Includes valuation adjustments and deposits from credit institutions.

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 - 
 
 
CAPITAL AND ELIGIBLE LIABILITIES REQUIREMENTS 
The following is a summary of the most relevant aspects of the regulatory framework applicable to the GCC 
Group relating to regulatory capital requirements and to the minimum level of capital and eligible liabilities. 
Own funds requirements  
As a Spanish credit institution, BCC is subject to Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June on access to the activity of credit institutions the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms (the "CRD IV Directive"), through which the European Union ("EU") began implementing 
the Basel III capital reforms, with effect from 1 January 2014. The core regulation regarding the solvency of credit 
entities is Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRR" and together with the CRD IV Directive and 
any CRD IV implementing measures, "CRD IV"). A number of the requirements introduced under CRD IV have 
been, and continue to be, further supplemented through the regulatory and implementing technical standards. 
The implementation of the CRD IV Directive into Spanish law has taken place through Royal Decree-
Law 14/2013, of 29 November, on urgent measures to adapt Spanish law to European Union regulations on the 
subject of supervision and solvency of financial entities, Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on organisation, supervision 
and solvency of credit entities ("Law 10/2014"), Royal Decree 84/2015, of 13 February, implementing 
Law 10/2014 ("RD 84/2015"), and Bank of Spain Circular 2/2014, of 31 January, and Bank of Spain 
Circular 2/2016, of 2 February, to credit entities, on supervision and solvency, which completes the adaptation of 
Spanish law to CRR and the CRD IV Directive ("Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016"). 
In addition to the minimum capital requirements under CRD IV, BCC is also subject to the regime under 
Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms (as amended) (the "BRRD"), and to any other recovery and resolution rules 
developing, complementing or implementing this Directive, which are applicable to BCC or to the GCC Group 
(including, without limitation, Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (as amended) ("Law 11/2015") and Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, implementing 
Law 11/2015 (as amended) ("RD 1012/2015"), and to other regulations or policies through which the EU is 
implementing the recovery and resolution framework. This framework prescribes that banks shall hold a minimum 
level of capital and eligible liabilities in relation to total liabilities and own funds. Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015 
have implemented the BRRD into Spanish law 
On 27 June 2019, a comprehensive package of reforms amending CRR, the CRD IV Directive and the BRRD and 
Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010  (the "SRM Regulation") came into force: (i) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the CRD IV Directive as regards exempted 
entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures 
and powers and capital conservation measures (as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, the 
"CRD V Directive"), (ii) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment 
firms and Directive 98/26/EC (as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, "BRRD II"), 
(iii) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending CRR as 
regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment 
undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (as 
amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, "CRR II" and, together with the CRD V Directive, 
"CRD V"), and (iv) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions 
and investment firms (as amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, the "SRM Regulation II") 
(CRD V, together with BRRD II and the SRM Regulation II, the "EU Banking Reforms"). However, most of the 
provisions of CRR II are not applicable until 28 June 2021 and CRD V Directive and BRRD II have been partially 
transposed into Spanish law through Royal Decree-law 7/2021, of 27 April, which has amended, amongst others, 
Law 10/2014 and Law 11/2015, so it is uncertain how they will affect the GCC Group. 
In addition to the above, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation 
on technical aspects on a new review of BRRD ("BRRD III"), the SRM Regulation ("SRMR III"), and 
Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee 
schemes ("DGSD II"). The consultation was open until 20 April 2021. The targeted consultation was split into 
two main sections: a section covering the general objectives of the review focus, and a section seeking technical

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 - 
 
 
feedback on stakeholders' experience with the current framework and the need for changes in the future framework, 
notably on (i) resolution, liquidation and other available measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of 
harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on no creditor worse off principle, and (iii) depositor 
insurance. 
The EU Banking Reforms cover multiple areas, including the Pillar 2 framework, the leverage ratio, mandatory 
restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, a 
new category of "non-preferred" senior debt that should only be bailed-in after junior ranking instruments but 
before other senior liabilities, changes to the definitions of Tier 2 and Additional Tier 1 instruments, the MREL 
(as defined below) framework and the integration of the TLAC (as defined below) standard into EU legislation as 
mentioned below. Among the EU Banking Reforms, the amendment of the BRRD was proposed in order to 
facilitate the creation of a new asset class of "non-preferred" senior debt eligible to count as TLAC and MREL. 
The recognition of the "non-preferred" senior debt was effectively implemented in the EU through the Directive 
(EU) 2017/2399 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency 
hierarchy which was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 27 December 2017. It had to be transposed 
into national law by the Member States by 29 December 2018, provided that the relevant Member States had not 
previously legislated in the sense of such Directive. In Spain, the new class of "non-preferred" senior debt and its 
insolvency ranking were introduced earlier through Royal Decree Law 11/2017, which entered into force on 25 
June 2017 and amended Additional Provision 14 of Law 11/2015, whose paragraph 2 provides for the legal 
recognition of unsubordinated and unsecured senior non-preferred obligations (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) 
in Spain. Until all the EU Banking Reforms are finally implemented into the relevant legislation, it is uncertain 
how the EU Banking Reforms will affect the Issuer. 
As further explained below, CRR and CRR II were modified by Regulation 2020/873 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 24 June amending CRR and CRR II regarding certain temporarily or permanent adjustments 
in response to the COVID-19 pandemic ("CRR 2.5" or "Quick fix"), applicable from 27 June 2020. 
Under CRD IV, financial institutions are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital of 8% of risk-
weighted assets, of which at least 4.5% of risk-weighted assets must be common equity tier 1 ("CET1") capital 
and at least 6% of risk-weighted assets must be tier 1 capital (the "minimum Pillar 1 capital requirements").  
Due to the authorisation received in June 2014 from the Bank of Spain (Banco de España) recognising the GCC 
Group as an institutional protection scheme (sistema institucional de protección) ("IPS") under Spanish law (the 
"GCC IPS"), the obligation of the participating credit cooperatives that form the GCC Group together with BCC 
(the "Members") to comply on an individual basis with the application of the requirements set out in Parts Two 
to Eight of the CRR has been waived in accordance with Article 10 of such Regulation. This exemption applies 
to BCC and to each of the 18 other Members of the GCC Group. Consequently, the GCC Group only has to 
comply with the minimum capital requirements previously defined on a consolidated basis. 
Moreover, Article 68 of Law 10/2014, and similarly Article 16 of Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, of 15 
October 2013, conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions (the "SSM Regulation"), also contemplate that in addition to the minimum Pillar 1 capital 
requirements, supervisory authorities may impose further Pillar 2 capital requirements to cover other risks, 
including those not considered to be fully captured by the minimum own funds Pillar 1 capital requirements under 
CRD IV or to address macro-prudential considerations (although, under the EU Banking Reforms, it is proposed 
that further Pillar 2 capital requirements should be used to address micro-prudential considerations only). This 
may result in the imposition of further CET1, Tier 1 and total capital requirements on the GCC Group pursuant 
to this Pillar 2 framework, increasing the regulatory minimum capital requirement under CRD IV. 
In accordance with the SSM Regulation, the ECB has fully assumed its new supervisory responsibilities of BCC 
and the GCC Group within the SSM (which include assessing additional Pillar 2 capital requirements to be 
complied with by each of the European banking institutions now subject to the SSM). The ECB is required under 
the SSM Regulation to carry out a supervisory review and evaluation process (the "SREP") at least on an annual 
basis. This SREP may result in the requirement to the GCC Group to hold Pillar 2 own funds, which may change 
from year to year. 
The ECB clarified in its "Frequently asked questions on the 2016 EU-wide stress test" (July 2016) that the 
institution specific Pillar 2 capital will consist of two parts: Pillar 2 requirement and Pillar 2 guidance. Pillar 2 
requirements are binding and breaches can have direct legal consequences for banks, while Pillar 2 guidance is 
not directly binding and a failure to meet Pillar 2 guidance does not automatically trigger legal action, even though 
the ECB expects banks to meet Pillar 2 guidance. Following this clarification and the ones contained in the "EBA

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 - 
 
 
Pillar 2 Roadmap" (April 2017) and the EU Banking Reforms, the Pillar 2 guidance is not relevant for the purposes 
of triggering the automatic restriction of the distribution and calculation of the Maximum Distributable Amount 
(as defined below) but, in addition to certain other measures, competent authorities will be entitled to impose 
further Pillar 2 capital requirements where an institution repeatedly fails to follow the Pillar 2 capital guidance 
previously imposed. 
In addition to the minimum Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 capital requirements, credit institutions must comply with the 
"combined buffer requirement" as set out in the CRD IV Directive. The combined buffer requirement has 
introduced five new capital buffers that must be met with CET1 capital: (1) the capital conservation buffer for 
unexpected losses, requiring additional CET1 of 2.5% of total risk weighted assets; (2) the institution-specific 
countercyclical capital buffer (consisting of the weighted average of the countercyclical capital buffer rates that 
apply in the jurisdictions where the relevant credit exposures are located), which may require as much as additional 
CET1 capital of 2.5% of total risk weighted assets or higher pursuant to the requirements set by the competent 
authority; (3) the global systemically important institutions ("G-SIBs") buffer requiring additional CET1 of 
between 1% and 3.5% of risk weighted assets; (4) the other systemically important institutions (or domestic 
systemically important banks or "D-SIBs") buffer, which may be as much as 3% of risk weighted assets (or higher 
if required by the competent authority)18; and (5) the systemic risk buffer to prevent systemic or macro prudential 
risks of at least 1% of risk weighted assets (to be set by the competent authority). Entities are required to comply 
with the "combined buffer requirement" (broadly, the combination of the capital conservation buffer, the 
institution-specific countercyclical buffer and the higher of (depending on the institution) the systemic risk buffer, 
the G-SIBs buffer and the D-SIBs buffer, in each case as applicable to the institution). 
BCC has not been classified as a G-SIB by the Financial Stability Board ("FSB") nor by the Bank of Spain so, 
unless otherwise indicated by the FSB or by the Bank of Spain in the future, it will not be required to maintain the 
G-SIBs buffer. Likewise, BCC has not been considered a D-SIB during 2020 nor in 2021 and, thus, it will not be 
required to maintain a D-SIBs buffer during this period.  
The Bank of Spain agreed on 24 March 2021 to maintain the countercyclical capital buffer applicable to credit 
exposures in Spain at 0% for the second quarter of 2021. Percentages will be revised each quarter and therefore 
could be increased in the future.  
Consequently, as at the date of this Offering Circular, BCC is only required to maintain the capital conservation 
buffer (2.5% of risk-weighted assets in 2021 which is the maximum limit established in the CRR) and the 
countercyclical capital buffer. 
As of 31 December 2021, the GCC Group's capital ratios were: CET1, 13.29% (13.79% at 31 December 2020) 
and Total Capital, 15.71% (15.49% at 31 December 2020), above the supervisor's requirements at that date. At 
the end of 2021 the fully loaded CET 1 ratio stood at 12.78% (13.06% at 31 December 2020) and the fully-loaded 
Total Capital ratio stood at 15.20% (14.77% at 31 December 2020). 
Based on the results of the SREP, on 3 February 2022, the ECB communicated the decision to the GCC Group to 
maintain, from 1 March 2022 and on a consolidated basis, a phase-in Total Capital Ratio of 13% and a phase-in 
Common Equity Total Capital Ratio of 8.41%, that includes a minimum Pillar 1 requirement of 4.5%, a Pillar 2 
requirement at 2.5% (unchanged from last year’s requirement) and a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%. The 
GCC has complied with all capital requirements notified by the ECB at all times. In particular, the GCC Group 
complied with the CET 1 and Total Capital requirements as at 31 December 2021 and 31 March 2022. 
Any failure by the GCC Group to maintain its minimum Pillar 1 capital requirements, any Pillar 2 additional own 
funds requirements and/or any combined buffer requirement could result in administrative actions or sanctions. 
In particular, any failure to maintain any additional capital requirements pursuant to the Pillar 2 framework or any 
other capital requirements to which the GCC Group is or becomes subject (including the combined buffer 
requirement), may result in the imposition of restrictions or prohibitions on Discretionary Payments (as defined 
below). In addition, any failure by the GCC Group to comply with its regulatory capital requirements could also 
result in the imposition of further Pillar 2 requirements and the adoption of any early intervention or, ultimately, 
resolution measures by resolution authorities pursuant to Law 11/2015, RD 1012/2015 and the SRM Regulation. 
According to Article 48 of Law 10/2014, Article 73 of RD 84/2015 and Rule 24 of Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016, 
those entities failing to meet the combined buffer requirement or making a distribution in connection with CET1 
 
18  According to the CRD V Directive and new article 46 of Law 10/2014 as amended Royal Decree-law 7/2021, 
of 27 April.

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 - 
 
 
capital to an extent that would decrease its CET1 capital to a level where the combined buffer requirement is no 
longer met will be subject to restrictions on (i) distributions relating to CET1 capital, (ii) payments in respect of 
variable remuneration or discretionary pension revenues and (iii) distributions relating to additional tier 1 capital 
("Discretionary Payments"), until the maximum distributable amount calculated according to CRD IV (i.e., the 
firm's distributable profits, calculated in accordance with CRD IV, multiplied by a factor dependent on the extent 
of the shortfall in CET1 capital) (the "Maximum Distributable Amount") has been calculated and communicated 
to the Bank of Spain and thereafter, any such distributions or payments will be subject to such Maximum 
Distributable Amount for entities (a) not meeting the combined buffer requirement or (b) in relation to which the 
Bank of Spain has adopted any of the measures set forth in Article 68.2 of Law 10/2014 aimed at strengthening 
own funds or limiting or prohibiting the distribution of dividends. 
As set out in the "Opinion of the European Banking Authority (the "EBA") on the interaction of Pillar 1, Pillar 2 
and combined buffer requirements and restrictions on distributions" published on 16 December 2015 (the 
"December 2015 EBA Opinion"), competent authorities should ensure that the CET1 capital to be taken into 
account in determining the CET1 capital available to meet the combined buffer requirement for the purposes of 
the Maximum Distributable Amount calculation is limited to the amount not used to meet the Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 
own funds requirements of the institution, and accordingly, the combined buffer requirement is in addition to the 
minimum Pillar 1 capital requirement and to the additional Pillar 2 capital requirement, and therefore it would be 
the first layer of capital to be eroded pursuant to the applicable stacking order.  The EU Banking Reforms and the 
final guidelines on the common procedures and methodologies for the SREP and the final guidance to strengthen 
the Pillar 2 framework published by the EBA on 19 July 2018 (the "EBA Guidelines") also clarify the stacking 
order of Pillar 1 capital requirements, P2R and combined buffer requirements in the same way. 
In reaction to the COVID-19 outbreak, on 12 March 2020 the ECB announced measures expected to provide 
capital relief to banks in support of the economy. These measures include the permission to (i) operate temporarily 
below the level of capital defined by P2G, the capital conservation buffer and the LCR and (ii) use capital 
instruments that do not qualify as CET1 (for example Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments) to 
meet P2R. 
Following the measures announced by national governments to mitigate the negative impacts of the COVID-19 
outbreak, the ECB announced a flexible application of the unlikely-to-pay classification for governmental 
guarantees and moratoria. It also announced that guarantees that turn non-performing will receive favourable 
treatment in terms of coverage requirements for a period of seven years following their deterioration. The ECB 
asked banks to smooth the procyclicality of IFRS 9 provisioning models as much as possible. It also recommended 
all institutions that have not done so to start applying IFRS 9 on transitional rules. 
In addition to statements on using flexibility within accounting and prudential rules, such as those made by the 
Basel Committee of Banking Supervision, the EBA and the ECB, amongst others, the European Commission 
proposed a few targeted "Quick fix" amendments to the EU's banking prudential rules in order to maximise the 
ability of banks to lend and absorb losses related to COVID-19. Since 27 June 2020, CRR 2.5 is applicable. It sets 
out exceptional temporary measures to alleviate the immediate impact of COVID-19-related developments, by 
adapting the timeline of the application of international accounting standards on banks' capital, by treating more 
favourably public guarantees granted during this crisis, by postponing the date of application of the leverage ratio 
buffer, by modifying the way of excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage ratio, by setting 
a temporary prudential filter to mitigate the considerable negative impact of the volatility in central government 
debt markets during the COVID-19 pandemic on institutions, by advancing the date of application of several 
agreed measures that incentivise banks to finance employees, SMEs and infrastructure projects and by aligning 
the minimum coverage requirements for NPLs that benefit from public guarantees with those that benefit from 
guarantees granted by official export credit agencies.  
Leverage Ratio 
With regard to leverage, the CRR also includes a requirement for institutions to calculate a leverage ratio ("LR"), 
report it to their supervisors and to disclose it publicly from 1 January 2015 onwards. More precisely, Article 429 
of the CRR requires institutions to calculate their LR in accordance with the methodology laid down in that article.  
In January 2014, the Basel Committee finalised a definition of how the LR should be prepared and set an indicative 
benchmark (namely 3% of leverage ratio exposures, which must be met with Tier 1 capital). Such 3% Tier 1 LR 
has been tested during a monitoring period until the end of 2017 although the Basel Committee had already 
proposed the final calibration at 3% Tier 1 LR. Accordingly, the CRR (as amended by the EU Banking Reforms) 
contains a binding 3% Tier 1 LR requirement, which institutions must meet in addition and separately to their 
risk-based requirements from June 2021 onwards. Moreover, the EU Banking Reforms include a leverage ratio

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 - 
 
 
buffer for G-SIBs to be met with Tier 1 capital and set at 50% of the applicable risk weighted G-SIBs buffer. Any 
breach of this leverage ratio buffer would also result in a requirement to determine the Maximum Distributable 
Amount and restrict discretionary payments to such Maximum Distributable Amount, as well as the consequences 
of such calculation as specified above. As of 31 December 2021 the GCC Group's LR (fully loaded) was 5.26% 
(5.41% as of 31 December 2020).  
Eligible liabilities requirements 
In addition to the minimum capital requirements under CRD IV, the BRRD regime prescribes that banks shall 
hold a minimum level of own funds and eligible liabilities in relation to total liabilities and own funds (known as 
MREL). The MREL shall be calculated as the amount of own funds and eligible liabilities expressed as a 
percentage of total liabilities and own funds of the institution. The level of capital and eligible liabilities required 
under MREL will be set by the resolution authority for each bank (and/or group) based on the resolution plan and 
other criteria. The resolution authority for the Issuer is the SRB and it is subject to the authority of the SRB for 
the purposes of determination of its MREL requirement. Eligible liabilities will be determined by resolution 
authorities (including if applicable the SRB) and may be senior or subordinated, provided, among other 
requirements, that they have a remaining maturity of at least one year and, if governed by a non-EU law, they 
must be able to be written down or converted under that law (including through contractual provisions). The 
MREL requirement came into force on 1 January 2016. However, article 8 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1450 that was adopted by the Commission on 23 May 2016 (the "MREL Delegated 
Regulation") gave discretion to resolution authorities to determine appropriate transitional periods to each 
institution. 
In April 2022 BCC released the final MREL requirements communicated by the resolution authority. According 
to the notification done by the SRB, BCC must reach a consolidated MREL of 19.79% and 5.31% in terms of 
TREA and LRE, respectively, as of January 2025 and an interim MREL requirement of 14.03% and 5.31% in 
terms of TREA and LRE, respectively, as of January 2022. These ratios do not include 2.50% of the Combined 
Buffer Requirement. The SRB has calculated these requirements taking into account financial and prudential 
information available as of 31 December 2020. BCC has not been communicated any subordination requirement.  
Although the specific MREL requirements may vary depending on the specific characteristics of the credit entity 
(its application falls on resolution institution or resolution group, being entities subject to resolution following a 
Single Point of Entry or Multiple Point of Entry resolution strategy) and the resolution process, BRRD II together 
with CRR II introduce a relevant change for complying with MREL which now includes two different ratios19 
(i) a risk ratio (percentage of total RWAs of the resolution entity) and (ii) a non-risk ratio (percentage of the 
resolution entity's total exposure), as well as empower the relevant resolution authority to authorise or require (a) 
complying with additional CET1, Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital ratios (which was not foreseen in the previous 
MREL rules) and (b) that certain level of senior liabilities issued by the resolution entity can be subject to bail-in. 
MREL application is also subject to a different regime depending on the nature of the entity based on its resource 
volume and systemic profile. Thus, the MREL requirements are different for G-SIBs, "top tier" entities (which 
are not G-SIBs with aggregated asset volume of over €100 billion), D-SIBs (which are institutions that, due to 
their systemic importance, are more likely to create risks to financial stability) and the rest of the resolution 
institutions. In particular, G-SIBs, "top tier" banks and D-SIBs are subject to Pillar 1 requirements: 18% (including 
the combined buffer requirements under CRD IV), and 13% of RWA and 6.75% and 5% of leverage exposure, 
respectively for G-SIBs and "top tier" banks and D-SIBs. These requirements are complemented by further Pillar 2 
requirements, which would be determined on a case-by-case basis for the rest of the resolution institutions. 
In addition, a new Article 16a of the BRRD, as amended by the BRRD II20, better clarifies the stacking order 
between the combined buffer requirement and the MREL requirement. Pursuant to this new provision, a resolution 
authority shall have the power to prohibit an entity from distributing more than the "maximum distributable 
amount" for own funds and eligible liabilities (calculated in accordance with the proposed Article 16a(4) of the 
BRRD) (the "MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount Provision") where it meets the combined buffer 
requirement in addition to its own funds requirements (referred to in points (a), (b), and (c) of Article 141a(1) of 
CRD) but fails to meet its combined buffer requirement when considered in addition to the MREL requirements. 
Article 16a of the BRRD includes a potential nine-month grace period whereby the resolution authority assesses 
 
19  According to BRRD II and new article 44 of Law 11/2015 as amended Royal Decree-law 7/2021, of 27 April.   
20  According to BRRD II and new article 16.bis of Law 11/2015, introduced by Royal Decree-law 7/2021, of 
27 April.

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 - 
 
 
on a monthly basis whether to exercise its powers under the MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount Provision 
before such resolution authority is compelled to exercise its power under the provisions (subject to certain limited 
exceptions). 
Regulatory reforms which may have an impact on capital: 
The Basel III post-crisis regulatory reform agenda 
The Basel Committee is currently in the process of reviewing and issuing recommendations in relation to risk 
asset weightings which may lead to increased regulatory scrutiny of risk asset weightings in the jurisdictions who 
are members of the Basel Committee. 
On 7 December 2017, the Group of Governors and Heads of Supervision ("GHOS") published the finalisation of 
the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reform agenda. This review of the regulatory framework covers credit, 
operational and credit valuation adjustment ("CVA") risks, introduces a floor to the consumption of capital by 
internal ratings-based methods ("IRB") and the revision of the calculation of the leverage ratio. The main features 
of the reform are: (i) a revised standard method for credit risk, which will improve the soundness and sensitivity 
to risk of the current method; (ii) modifications to the IRB methods for credit risk, including input floors to ensure 
a minimum level of conservativism in model parameters and limitations to its use for portfolios with low levels 
of non-compliance; (iii) regarding the CVA risk, and in connexion with the above, the removal of any internally 
modelled method and the inclusion of a standardised and basic method; (iv) regarding the operations risk, the 
revision of the standard method, which will replace the current standard methods and the advanced measurement 
approaches ("AMA"); (v) the introduction of a leverage ratio buffer for G-SIBs; and (vi) regarding capital 
consumption, it establishes a minimum limit on the aggregate results (output floor), which prevents the risk-
weighted assets of the banks generated by internal models from being lower than the 72.5% of the RWAs that are 
calculated with the standard methods of the Basel III framework. The GHOS have extended the implementation 
of the revised minimum capital requirements for market risk until January 2022, to coincide with the 
implementation of the reviews of credit, operational and CVA risks. There is uncertainty with regards to how and 
when they will be implemented in the EU. 
On 27 March 2020, the GHOS endorsed a set of measures to provide additional operational capacity for banks 
and supervisors to respond to the immediate financial stability priorities resulting from the impact of the 
coronavirus disease (COVID-19) on the global banking system. The measures endorsed by the GHOS comprise 
the following changes to the implementation timeline of the outstanding Basel III standards: 
• 
The implementation date of the Basel III standards finalised in December 2017 has been deferred by one 
year to 1 January 2023. The accompanying transitional arrangements for the output floor have also been 
extended by one year to 1 January 2028. 
• 
The implementation date of the revised market risk framework finalised in January 2019 has been 
deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
• 
The implementation date of the revised Pillar 3 disclosure requirements finalised in December 2018 has 
been deferred by one year to 1 January 2023. 
Prudential treatment of NPLs 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published the addendum (the "Addendum") to the ECB Guidance to banks on non-
performing loans ("NPLs") published on 20 March 2017 (the "NPL Guidance").  The Addendum specifies the 
ECB's supervisory expectations for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs, it is non-binding and will serve as 
the basis for the supervisory dialogue between the significant banks and ECB Banking Supervision. The ECB will 
assess any differences between banks' practices and the prudential provisioning expectations laid out in the 
Addendum at least annually. 
During the supervisory dialogue, the ECB will discuss with each bank divergences from the prudential 
provisioning expectations laid out in the addendum. After this dialogue and taking into account the bank's specific 
situation, ECB Banking Supervision will decide, on a case-by-case basis, whether and which supervisory 
measures are appropriate. The result of this dialogue will be incorporated, for the first time, in the 2021 SREP. 
In addition, in a press release dated 11 July 2018, the ECB announced that, in order to address the stock of NPLs 
and with the aim of achieving the same coverage of NPL stock and flow over the medium term, it would set bank-

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 - 
 
 
specific supervisory expectations for the provisioning of NPLs. Such supervisory expectations for NPL 
provisioning, which are part of the ongoing supervisory dialogue, will add more pressure on financial results. 
As part of the EU Commission's package of measures aimed at addressing the risks related to high levels of NPLs 
in Europe, Regulation (EU) 2019/630 amends CRR as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing 
exposures ("NPEs"), introducing a clear set of conditions for the classification of NPEs. This regulation 
establishes clear criteria on the determination of non-performing exposures, the concept of forbearance measures, 
deduction for non-performing exposures and treatment of expected loss amounts.  
In March 2020, among the measures adopted as a consequence of COVID-19, the ECB announced a series of 
measures involving greater supervisory flexibility in relation to NPLs, in particular allowing banks to benefit from 
guarantees and moratoria developed by public authorities. As a consequence of the above, the EBA has issued 
statements regarding the prudential framework in relation to the classification of loans in default, classification of 
exposures under the definition of forbearance or as defaulted under distressed restructuring, and their accounting 
treatment. In particular, the EBA has clarified that generalised delays in payments due to legislative initiatives 
and addressed to all borrowers do not involve any automatic classification in default, forborne or unlikelihood to 
pay (priority should be given to individual assessments of the likelihood of payment) and has clarified the 
requirements for public and private moratoria, which if met, are expected to help avoid the classification of 
exposures under the definition of forbearance or as defaulted under distressed restructuring.

--- Page 175 ---
- 175 - 
 
 
LOSS ABSORBING POWERS BY THE RELEVANT RESOLUTION AUTHORITY UNDER LAW 
11/2015 AND THE SRM REGULATION 
The BRRD (which was implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015) and the SRM Regulation 
are designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an 
unsound or failing credit institution or investment firm (each an "institution") so as to ensure the continuity of 
the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure 
on the economy and financial system. The BRRD further provides that any extraordinary public financial support 
through additional financial stabilisation tools is only to be used by a Member State as a last resort, after having 
assessed and exploited the resolution tools set out below to the maximum extent possible while maintaining 
financial stability. 
In accordance with article 20 of Law 11/2015, an institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail in any 
of the following circumstances: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in significant breach of its solvency or 
any other requirements necessary for maintaining its authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future 
to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; 
or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). The determination that 
an institution is no longer viable may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of that institution's 
control. 
As provided in the BRRD, Law 11/2015 contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in 
combination where the SRB or the FROB or any other entity with the authority to exercise any such tools and 
powers from time to time (each, a "Relevant Resolution Authority") as appropriate, considers that (a) an 
institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures 
would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the 
public interest.  
The four resolution tools are: (i) sale of business - which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to direct the 
sale of the institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which 
enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer all or part of the business of the institution to a "bridge 
institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation - 
which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer assets and/or liabilities to one or more publicly owned 
asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual 
sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which 
gives the Relevant Resolution Authority the right to exercise the Spanish Bail-in Power (as defined below). This 
includes the ability of the Relevant Resolution Authority to write down (including to zero) and/or convert into 
equity or other securities or obligations (which equity, securities and obligations could also be subject to any 
future application of the Spanish Bail-in Power) certain unsecured debt claims including both Senior Notes and 
Subordinated Notes. 
The "Spanish Bail-in Power" is any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect 
in Spain, relating to the resolution of credit entities and/or the transposition of the BRRD, as amended from time 
to time, including, but not limited to (i) Law 11/2015, as amended from time to time, (ii) RD 1012/2015, as 
amended from time to time, (iii) the SRM Regulation, as amended from time to time, and (iv) any other 
instruments, rules or standards made in connection with either (i), (ii) or (iii), pursuant to which obligations (with 
certain exceptions) of an institution can be reduced (which may result in the reduction of the relevant claim to 
zero), cancelled, modified, transferred or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such 
institution or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
In accordance with Article 48 of Law 11/2015 (and subject to any exclusions that may be applied by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority under Article 43 of Law 11/2015), in the case of any application of the Spanish Bail-in 
Power, the sequence of any resulting write-down or conversion shall be as follows: (i) CET1 items; (ii) the 
principal amount of Additional Tier 1 instruments; (iii) the principal amount of Tier 2 instruments; (iv) the 
principal amount of other subordinated claims that do not qualify as Additional Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 capital in 
accordance with claim ranking set out in the Insolvency Law; and (v) the principal or outstanding amount of the 
"bail-inable liabilities" (pasivos susceptibles de recapitalización interna) in accordance with claim ranking set out 
in the Insolvency Law (with "non-preferred" ordinary claims subject to the Spanish Bail-in Power after any 
subordinated claims against the Bank but before the other ordinary claims against the Bank).

--- Page 176 ---
- 176 - 
 
 
In addition to the Spanish Bail-in Power, (i) the BRRD, Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation provide for the 
Relevant Resolution Authority to have the further power to permanently write down or convert into equity capital 
instruments at the point of non-viability of an institution or a group, and (ii) the BRRD II (partially implemented 
in Spain) and the SRM Regulation II, provide for the Relevant Resolution Authority to have the further power to 
also permanently write down or convert into equity eligible liabilities at the point of non-viability (both of them 
together, the "Non-Viability Loss Absorption" and together with the Spanish Bail-in Power, the "Loss 
Absorbing Power") of an institution or a group. The point of non-viability of an institution is the point at which 
the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the institution meets the conditions for resolution or will no 
longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments (such as the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) are written down 
or converted into equity or extraordinary public support is provided and without such support the Relevant 
Resolution Authority determines that the institution would no longer be viable. The point of non-viability of a 
group is the point at which the group infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination that the 
group, in the near future, will infringe its consolidated solvency requirements in a way that would justify action 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 38.3 of Law 11/2015. Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption may be imposed prior to, in respect of certain internal eligible liabilities, and independently of, any 
exercise of any other Spanish Bail-in Power or any other resolution tool or power (where the conditions for 
resolution referred to above are met), or in combination with them, in respect of all eligible liabilities.  
In accordance with Article 64.1 (i) of Law 11/2015, the Relevant Resolution Authority has also the power to alter 
the amount of interest payable under debt instruments and other bail-inable liabilities of institutions subject to 
resolution proceedings and the date on which the interest becomes payable under the debt instrument (including 
the power to suspend payment for a temporary period). 
The Issuer is recognised by the Competent Authority as a single point of entry for resolution purposes. In this 
sense, and since the Issuer is the parent company of the consolidated GCC Group, the Notes are available to absorb 
losses of any of the entities within the GCC Group and potentially to recapitalise the whole GCC Group (see 
"Description of the Issuer and the GCC Group").

--- Page 177 ---
- 177 - 
 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer's 
country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. 
Spain 
The following summary refers solely to certain Spanish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of the Notes.  It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the 
Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of 
which might be subject to special rules.  Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors as to the 
consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the tax laws of 
Spain of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving any payments under the Notes.  This summary 
is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Offering Circular and is subject to any change in law that 
may take effect after such date.  References in this section to Noteholders include the beneficial owners of the 
Notes. 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date 
of this document: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on the organisation, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions (Law 10/2014), as well as Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 
July, as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011, of 29 July, ("Royal Decree 1065/2007"); 
(b) 
for individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Individual Income Tax ("IIT"), 
Law 35/2006 of 28 November, on the IIT, as amended, and Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March, 
promulgating the IIT Regulations, as amended, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Wealth Tax, as 
amended, and Law 29/1987, of 18 December, on the Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Corporate Income Tax 
("CIT"), Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on CIT and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July, approving the 
CIT Regulations, as amended; and 
(d) 
for individuals and entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain which are subject to the Non-
Resident Income Tax ("NRIT"), Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March, promulgating the 
Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law, as amended, and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July, promulgating 
the NRIT Regulations, as amended, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June, on Wealth Tax, as amended and 
Law 29/1987, of 18 December, on the Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended. 
This analysis is a general description of the tax treatment under the currently in force Spanish legislation, without 
prejudice of regional tax regimes in the Historical Territories of the Basque Country and the Community of 
Navarre, or provisions passed by Autonomous Communities which may apply to investors for certain taxes. 
This is not intended to be an exhaustive description of all relevant tax-related considerations for making a decision 
to acquire or sell Notes, nor does it address the tax consequences applicable to all investor categories, some of 
whom may be subject to special rules. 
It is therefore recommended that investors who are interested in acquiring the Notes consult with tax experts who 
can provide them with personalised advice based on their particular circumstances.  Likewise, investors should 
consider the legislative changes which could occur in the future. 
Indirect taxation 
Whatever the nature and residence of the Noteholder, the acquisition and transfer of Notes will be exempt from 
indirect taxes in Spain, i.e., exempt from Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, in accordance with the Consolidated Text 
of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 24 September, and exempt from Value Added 
Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December, as amended regulating such tax.

--- Page 178 ---
- 178 - 
 
 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
Individual Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Both interest payments periodically received and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayments of 
the Notes constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of a person's own capital to third parties in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 25 of the IIT Law, and therefore must be included in the investor's IIT 
savings taxable base pursuant to the provisions of the aforementioned law. 
The IIT savings taxable base is taxed at the following rates: (i) 19% for taxable income up to €6,000.00; (ii) 21% 
for taxable income from €6,000.01 to €50,000.00; (iii) 23% for taxable income between €50,000.01 and 
200,000.00 and (iv) 26% for any amount in excess of €200,000.00. 
Income from the transfer of the Notes is computed as the difference between their transfer value and their 
acquisition or subscription value.  Also, ancillary acquisition and disposal charges are taken into account, insofar 
as adequately evidenced, in calculating the income. 
Negative income derived from the transfer of the Notes, in the event that the Noteholder had acquired other 
homogeneous securities within the two months prior or subsequent to such transfer or exchange, shall be included 
in his or her IIT base as and when the remaining homogeneous securities are transferred. 
When calculating the net income, expenses related to the management and deposit of the Notes will be deductible, 
excluding those pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management. 
Article 44 of the Royal Decree 1065/2007 has established information procedures for debt instruments issued 
under the Law 10/2014 (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) and has provided that the interest 
will be paid by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent for the gross amount, provided that such information 
procedures are complied with, so that any payment under the Notes will not be subject to withholding tax to the 
extent that the simplified information procedures (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) are 
complied with by the Principal Paying Agent as it is described in section "Simplified information procedures".  If 
these information obligations are not complied within the manner indicated, the Issuer will withhold at the general 
rate applicable from time to time, and the Issuer will pay the relevant additional amounts as will result in receipt 
by the Noteholder of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required. 
However, in the case of Notes held by Spanish resident individuals and deposited with a Spanish resident entity 
acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax at the 
general rate of 19% which will be made by the depositary or custodian. 
Amounts withheld may be credited against the final IIT liability. 
The Issuer will comply with the reporting obligations set forth in the Spanish tax laws with respect to beneficial 
owners of the Notes that are individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net worth exceeds 
€ 700,000.  Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold as of 31 December 
each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2% and 3.5%. The Autonomous Communities may have 
different provisions in this respect. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the applicable Spanish 
regional and State rules.  The applicable tax rates currently range between 7.65% and 81.6% depending on relevant 
factors, although the final tax rate may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws.

--- Page 179 ---
- 179 - 
 
 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Both interest received periodically and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes 
are subject to CIT (at the current general tax rate of 25%) in accordance with the rules for this tax.  This general 
rate will not be applicable to all CIT taxpayers and, for instance, it will not apply to banking institutions (which 
will be taxed at the rate of 30%). Special rates apply in respect of certain types of entities (such as qualifying 
collective investment institutions). 
In accordance with Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 and in the opinion of the Issuer, there is no obligation 
to withhold on income payable to Spanish CIT taxpayers (which for the sake of clarity include Spanish tax resident 
investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds).  Consequently, the Issuer will not withhold tax on 
interest payments to Spanish CIT taxpayers to the extent that the simplified information procedures (which do not 
require identification of the Noteholders) are complied with by the Principal Paying Agent as it is described in 
section "Simplified information procedures".  If these information obligations are not complied within the manner 
indicated, the Issuer will withhold at the general rate applicable from time to time, and the Issuer will pay the 
relevant additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required. 
However, in the case of Notes held by a Spanish resident entity and deposited with a Spanish resident entity acting 
as depositary or custodian, payments of interest under the Notes may be subject to withholding tax at the generally 
applicable rate of 19% if the Notes do not comply with exemption requirements specified in the Reply to a Non 
Binding Consultation of the Directorate General for Taxation (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 
in which case the required withholding will be made by the depositary or custodian.   
Notwithstanding the above, amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against their final 
CIT liability. 
The Issuer will comply with the reporting obligations set forth in the Spanish tax laws with respect to beneficial 
owners of the Notes that are legal persons or entities resident in Spain for tax purposes. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities resident in Spain for tax purposes which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax but must include the market 
value of the Notes in their taxable income for Spanish CIT purposes. 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
With permanent establishment in Spain 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity who is not 
resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such Notes are, generally, the 
same as those previously set out for Spanish CIT taxpayers.  See "Spain – Legal Entities with Tax Residency in 
Spain – Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades)".  Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not 
resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
The Issuer will comply with the reporting obligations set out in the Spanish tax laws with respect to holders of the 
Notes who are individuals or legal entities not resident in Spain for tax purposes who act with respect to the Notes 
through a permanent establishment in Spain.

--- Page 180 ---
- 180 - 
 
 
With no permanent establishment in Spain 
Both interest payments received periodically and income derived from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Notes, obtained by individuals or entities who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes and who do not act, 
with respect to the Notes, through a permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from NRIT. 
In order for the exemption to apply, it is necessary to comply with certain information obligations relating to the 
Notes, in the manner described in section "Simplified information procedures" as laid down in section 44 of Royal 
Decree 1065/2007.  If these information obligations are not complied within the manner indicated, the Issuer will 
withhold at the general rate applicable from time to time, and the Issuer will pay the relevant additional amounts 
as will result in receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required. 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to Wealth Tax 
would generally not be subject to such tax.  Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose properties and 
rights located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory exceed EUR700,000 would be subject 
to Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2%and 3.5%. 
However, non-Spanish resident individuals will be exempt from Wealth Tax in respect of the Notes which income 
is exempt from NRIT as described above. 
If the exemptions outlined do not apply, individuals who are not resident in Spain for tax purposes may apply the 
rules approved by the Spanish region where the assets and rights with more value: (i) are located; (ii) can be 
exercised; or (iii) must be fulfilled. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals not resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy, will be subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with the 
applicable Spanish regional and state rules (individuals who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain may apply 
the regional rules), unless they reside in a country for tax purposes with which Spain has entered into a double tax 
treaty in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax.  In such case, the provisions of the relevant double tax treaty will 
apply. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, gift or 
legacy are not subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax.  Such acquisitions will be subject to NRIT (as 
described above), except as provided in any applicable double tax treaty entered into by Spain.  In general, double 
tax treaties provide for the taxation of this type of income in the country of tax residence of the Noteholder. 
Simplified information procedures 
As described above, interest and other income paid with respect to the Notes will be exempt from Spanish 
withholding tax if the procedures for delivering to the Issuer the information set forth in Royal Decree 1065/2007 
are complied with. 
The information obligations to be complied with in order to apply the exemption are those laid down in Section 44 
of Royal Decree 1065/2007 ("Section 44"). 
In accordance with Section 44 paragraph 5, before the close of business on the Business Day (as defined in the 
Conditions of the Notes) immediately preceding the date on which any payment of interest, principal or any 
amounts in respect of the early redemption of the Notes (each, a "Payment Date") is due, the Issuer must receive 
from the Principal Paying Agent the following information about the Notes: 
(a) 
identification of the Notes; 
(b) 
income payment date (or refund if the Notes are issued at a discount or segregated);

--- Page 181 ---
- 181 - 
 
 
(c) 
total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the Notes are issued at a discount or segregated); 
and 
(d) 
the amount of the relevant payment paid to each entity that manages a clearing and settlement system for 
securities situated outside of Spain. 
In particular, the Principal Paying Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means of a 
certificate, on the prescribed form. 
In light of the above, the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the 
collection of information concerning the Notes by the close of business on the Business Day immediately 
preceding each relevant Payment Date. 
If the procedures set out above are complied with, the Principal Paying Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, will pay 
the relevant amount to (or for the account of) the clearing systems without withholdings or deductions for or on 
account of Spanish taxes.  If the statement is not delivered to the Issuer as described above, the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts as required under terms of the Notes and pay an appropriate amount to the Spanish Tax 
Authorities to the extent required to comply with its obligations with respect thereto.  The Principal Paying Agent 
will pay the relevant amount to (or for the account of) the clearing systems. 
If, following clarifications by the Spanish Tax Authorities, procedures in relation to Royal Decree 1065/2007 are 
subsequently amended, the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent will implement such procedures as may be 
required to enable the Issuer to comply with its obligations under applicable legislation as clarified by the Spanish 
Tax Authorities. The Issuer undertakes to ensure that the Noteholders are informed of such new procedures and 
their implications. 
Paragraph 8 of Section 44 of Royal Decree 1065/2007 establishes an obligation for the Issuer to disclose certain 
tax information to the Spanish Tax Authorities about those investors in the Notes who are Spanish IIT or CIT tax 
payers, or non-Spanish residents operating in Spain through a permanent establishment, and therefore the Issuer 
may need to obtain and disclose certain information to the tax authorities in order to comply with its obligations 
under the applicable legislation. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, "a 
foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements.  
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including Spain) have 
entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions.  Under the provisions 
of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required 
to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the 
FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain 
and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding 
unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer).  However, if 
additional Notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues") that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are 
subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered 
prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Noteholders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes.  
The Spanish financial transactions tax 
The Spanish Parliament has approved Law 5/2020 of 15 October, on the financial transactions tax (Ley del 
Impuesto sobre las Transacciones Financieras) which entered into force on 16 January 2021. The Spanish FTT 
applies on the acquisition of shares (including transfer or conversion) of Spanish companies with a market

--- Page 182 ---
- 182 - 
 
 
capitalisation of more than €1 billion, at a tax rate of 0.2%. In principle, the Spanish FTT does not affect 
transactions involving bonds or similar instruments. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Spanish FTT.

--- Page 183 ---
- 183 - 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated 25 May 2022, 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes".  In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their 
expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes 
under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith.  The Dealers, when acting as managers for an issuance of Notes, are entitled in certain circumstances 
to be released and discharged from their obligations under the Subscription Agreement prior to the closing of such 
issue of Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.  
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable Final Terms will identify whether 
TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) 
otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes 
are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Each Dealer has further 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each 
dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.   
Accordingly, the Notes are being offered and sold only outside the United States in offshore transactions in 
reliance on, and in compliance with, Regulation S. 
Until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this section have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to the Issuer; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Offering

--- Page 184 ---
- 184 - 
 
 
Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
A. 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
B. 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
C. 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in A to C above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 185 ---
- 185 - 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an 
offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
A. 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
B. 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
C. 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in 
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No.25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to 
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
Spain 
Each Dealer severally (and not jointly) has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes may not be offered or sold in Spain other than 
by institutions authorised under the consolidated text of the Securities Market Law approved by the Royal 
Legislative Decree 4/2015, of 23 October (texto refundido de la Ley de Mercado de Valores aprobado por el Real 
Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre) as amended (the "Securities Market Law") and related legislation, 
and Royal Decree 217/2008 of 15 February on the Legal Regime Applicable to Investment Services Companies 
(Real Decreto 217/2008, de 15 de febrero, sobre el régimen jurídico de las empresas de servicios de inversión y 
de las demás entidades que prestan servicios de inversión), as amended, to provide investment services in Spain.  
Neither the Notes nor this Offering Circular have been or will be registered with the Spanish Securities Market 
Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores). The Notes may not be offered, sold or distributed, 
nor may any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in Spain, except in compliance with the provisions of the 
Prospectus Regulation and the Securities Market Law.

--- Page 186 ---
- 186 - 
 
 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as 
a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to 
time (a "Belgian Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
This Offering Circular has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the 
Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the SFA. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase 
and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Offering Circular or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under 
the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"). This Offering Circular does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to 
the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it 
will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in 
any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Offering

--- Page 187 ---
- 187 - 
 
 
Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery 
by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes 
such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any 
responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, 
or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 188 ---
- 188 - 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions (i) of the shareholders of the Issuer dated 28 
April 2022, (ii) of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 28 April 2022 and (iii) of the Executive Committee 
of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 17 May 2022.  
Issues of Notes under the Programme are required to comply with certain formalities contained in the Spanish 
Corporations law (Ley de Sociedades de Capital), including (as at the date of this Offering Circular) execution of 
a public deed of issue (Escritura de Emisión). 
Listing of Notes 
This Offering Circular has been approved by the CBI as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation.  
The CBI only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standard of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CBI should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member 
state of the European Economic Area.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to trading on its regulated market and to be listed 
on the Official List.  The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of a Global 
Note or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche.   
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).   
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection from the website of the Issuer (www.bcc.es):  
(a) 
the bylaws (with an accurately reproduced English translation thereof) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
a copy of this Offering Circular; and 
(c) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to this 
Offering Circular and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the Notes 
are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change  
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021.

--- Page 189 ---
- 189 - 
 
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or trading position of the GCC Group since 31 
March 2022.  
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the GCC Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the GCC Group. 
Auditors 
The current auditors of the Issuer are KPMG Auditores, S.L., of Paseo de la Castellana, 259C, 28046 Madrid, 
Spain, independent auditors who are registered under number S0702 in the Official Register of Auditors (Registro 
Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas) with tax identification number (CIF) B-78510153, and member of the Instituto 
de Censores Jurados de Cuentas de España. KPMG Auditores, S.L. has audited the consolidated annual accounts 
of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
Third Party Information 
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately reproduced and that, so far 
as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by such third party source, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and 
their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. The Dealers have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and 
commissions for these transactions. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates.  Certain of the Dealer or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk 
management policies.  Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.  Any such short positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme.  The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments.

--- Page 190 ---
- 190 - 
 
 
ISSUER 
Banco de Crédito Social Cooperativo, S.A. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 87, 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR and TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, L-1115 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to English and Spanish law 
Ernst & Young Abogados, S.L.P. 
Calle Raimundo Fernandez Villaverde, 65  
28003, Madrid 
 
To the Dealers as to English and Spanish law 
Clifford Chance, S.L.P. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 110 
28046 Madrid 
 
AUDITORS 
 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259C 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
DEALERS  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
Calle Azul 4 
28050 Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Calle Juan Ignacio Luca de Tena, 11 
Edificio Magdalena, Planta 1 
28027, Madrid 
Spain

--- Page 191 ---
- 191 - 
 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BofA Securities Europe SA  
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 MONTROUGE 
CEDEX 
France 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42  
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marientum 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer, L-1115 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg