--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BANCA POPOLARE DI SONDRIO S.C.P.A. 
(incorporated as a co-operative limited by shares under the laws of the Republic of Italy and registered at the 
Companies' Registry of Sondrio under registration number 00053810149) 
Euro 5,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments 
of interest and principal by 
POPSO COVERED BOND S.R.L. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company in the Republic of Italy and registered at the Companies' 
Registry of Treviso-Belluno under registration number 04620230260) 
Except where specified otherwise, capitalised words and expressions in this Base Prospectus have the meaning 
given to them in the section entitled "Glossary". 
Under this Euro 5,000,000,000 covered bond programme (the "Programme"), Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
S.c.p.A. ("BPS" or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue obbligazioni bancarie garantite (the "Covered 
Bonds") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not 
exceed Euro 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). POPSO 
Covered Bond S.r.l. (the "Guarantor") has guaranteed payments of interest and principal under the Covered 
Bonds pursuant to a guarantee (the "Covered Bond Guarantee") which is collateralised by a pool of assets (the 
"Cover Pool") made up of a portfolio of mortgages assigned to the Guarantor by the Seller and certain other 
assets held by the Guarantor, including funds generated by the portfolio and such assets, pursuant to Article 7-
bis of Italian law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as amended from time to time (the “Securitisation and Covered 
Bond Law”) and regulated by the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006, No. 
310, as amended from time to time (the “Decree No. 310”) and the supervisory guidelines of the Bank of Italy 
set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” (Circular No. 285 of 17 December 
2013), as amended and supplemented from time to time (the “Bank of Italy Regulations”). Recourse against 
the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee is limited to the Cover Pool. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), 
which is the competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) in the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg , as a base prospectus for the purpose of article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. The 
CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor of the quality of the Covered Bonds that are subject to this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. 
The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction or the quality or 
solvency of the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from 
its date in relation to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus 
is no longer valid. The validity of this Base Prospectus ends upon expiration on 28 October 2022.  
Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
that (i) they will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, 
stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer or (ii) they will not be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
An investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. See the section 
entitled "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus for a discussion of certain risks and other factors to be 
considered in connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form and will be held on behalf of their ultimate owners by 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. whose registered office is in Milan, at Piazza degli Affari, No.6, Italy, (Monte Titoli) for the 
account of the relevant Monte Titoli account holders. Monte Titoli will also act as depository for Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, 
Luxembourg (Clearstream). The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will at all times be held in book 
entry form and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book-entries in accordance with the provisions 
of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented (the Financial Law 
Consolidated Act) and implementing regulations and with the joint regulation of the Commissione Nazionale 
per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official 
Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. No physical document of title 
will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. Each Series or Tranche may, on or 
after the relevant issue, be assigned a rating specified in the relevant Final Terms by any rating agency which 
may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds or for the 
remaining duration of the Programme, to the extent that any of them at the relevant time provides ratings in 
respect of any Series of Covered Bonds. Where a Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds is to be rated, such rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Covered Bonds already issued. Whether or not a 
rating in relation to any Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) treated as having been issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended from time to time , the CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating 
agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the United Kingdom (UK) and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in 
the relevant Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended) 
(or is endorsed and published or distributed by subscription by such a credit rating agency in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation) unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European 
Union but endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. The European Securities and Markets Authority (the ESMA) is obliged to 
maintain on its website, http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs, a list of credit 
rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation).  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be revised or 
withdrawn by any or all of the Rating Agencies and each rating shall be evaluated independently of any 
other. 
The Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche will mature on the date mentioned in the applicable Final Terms 
(each a “Maturity Date”). Before the relevant Maturity Date, the Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche will

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
be subject to mandatory and/or optional redemption in whole or in part in certain circumstances (as set out in the 
Conditions (as defined below)).  
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Covered Bonds (where relevant) may be calculated by reference to the euro 
interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute, as administrator of EURIBOR, is included in ESMA’s 
register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks 
Regulation”). 
The language of the base prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
 
 
Arrangers for the 
Programme 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
BANCA FINANZIARIA 
INTERNAZIONALE 
S.P.A. 
 
 
 
 
Dealer for the Programme 
 
 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
 
 
 
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo 
Banco BPM 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
Natixis 
 
 
 
Société Générale  
Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
Unicredit Bank AG 
KBC Bank NV 
 
 
 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
S.c.p.A. 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
 
UBS Investment Bank 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 28 October 2021.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect the importance of such information. 
The Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information included in this Base Prospectus in the sections headed 
“The Guarantor” and any other information contained in this Base Prospectus relating to itself. To the best 
knowledge of the Guarantor, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Prospectus makes no omission likely 
to affect the importance of such information. 
NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for the 
purposes of giving information which, according to the particular nature of the Covered Bonds, is necessary to 
enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses 
and prospects of the Issuer and of the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with any 
document incorporated herein by reference (see section “Information incorporated by reference”). Full 
information on the Issuer and any Series of Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of 
the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference (see "Information Incorporated by 
Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) it can legally 
invest in Covered Bonds (ii) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and 
"repurchase" arrangements and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below, unless otherwise defined in the single section of this Base 
Prospectus in which they are used. For the ease of reading this Base Prospectus, the “Glossary” below 
indicates the page of this Base Prospectus on which each capitalised term is first defined. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealer (as defined herein) that this Base Prospectus contains all information 
with regard to the Issuer and the Covered Bonds which is material in the context of the Programme and the issue 
and offering of Covered Bonds thereunder; that the information contained herein is accurate in all material 
respects and is not misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed by it herein are honestly held and 
based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts with respect to the Issuer, the omission of which 
would make this Base Prospectus as a whole or any statement therein or opinions or intentions expressed therein 
misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the Framework Agreement or the 
Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects and Eligible Sustainable Projects, any verification of whether 
the Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects and Eligible Sustainable Projects meet the criteria set out in 
the Framework Agreement or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus regarding markets 
and market share of the Issuer or the BPS Group are either derived from, or are based on, internal data or 
publicly available data from external sources. In respect of information in this Base Prospectus that has been

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
extracted from a third party, the Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, 
so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Although the Issuer believes 
that the external sources used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified the information provided by 
such sources. No person has been authorised by the Issuer or the Guarantor to give any information which is not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the 
Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as in the public domain and, if 
given or made, such information must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or 
any party to the Programme Documents (as defined in the Conditions).  
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months following its date of approval and it and any supplement hereto 
as well as any Final Terms filed within these twelve months reflects the status as of their respective dates of 
issue. The offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds may not be taken as an implication that the 
information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue 
or that there has been no adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer or the Guarantor since such date 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to 
the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus if and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete and has 
further agreed with the Dealers to furnish a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which is 
capable of affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds and which arises or is noted between the time when 
this Base Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds offered 
to the public or, as the case may be, when trading of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on a regulated 
market begins, in respect of Covered Bonds issued on the basis of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, with exception of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, is responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus, any document 
incorporated herein by reference, or any supplement thereof, or any Final Terms or any document incorporated 
herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none 
of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in 
any of these documents. 
The Arrangers and the Dealers have not verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the 
Dealers or the Arrangers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with 
respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation 
and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arrangers or the 
Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Covered 
Bonds. Each potential purchaser of Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as 
it deems necessary. None of the Dealers or the Arrangers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Banca Popolare di Sondrio Group during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in Covered Bonds of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arrangers. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference and any Final Terms 
and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds and on the distribution 
of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds, see section 
“Subscription and Sale” of this Base Prospectus. In particular, the Covered Bonds have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Subject to certain exceptions, Covered

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to U.S. persons.  
Neither this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, nor any Final Terms (or any part thereof) constitutes an 
offer, nor may they be used for the purpose of an offer to sell any of the Covered Bonds, or a solicitation of an 
offer to buy any of the Covered Bonds, by anyone in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such 
offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the 
Issuer. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Where a claim relating to the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court in a Member State, the plaintiff may, under the national legislation of the 
Member State where the claim is brought, be required to bear the costs of translating the Base Prospectus before 
the legal proceedings are initiated. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone 
in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to 
make such an offer or solicitation. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to “€” or “euro” or “Euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start 
of the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended; references to “U.S.$” or “U.S. Dollar” are to the currency of the Unites States of 
America; references to “£” or “UK Sterling” are to the currency of the United Kingdom; reference to 
“Japanese Yen” is to the currency of Japan; reference to “Swiss Franc” or “CHF” are to the currency of the 
Swiss Confederation; references to “Italy” are to the Republic of Italy; references to laws and regulations are, 
unless otherwise specified, to the laws and regulations of Italy; and references to “billions” are to thousands of 
millions. 
Certain monetary amounts and currency conversions included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to 
rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic 
aggregation of the figures which preceded them. 
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of the purchase of 
such Covered Bond, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements intended to 
restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and described in this Base Prospectus and, in 
connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its compliance with such resale or other 
transfer restrictions in certain cases. 
With respect to the Programme, the Arrangers are acting exclusively in favour of the Issuer and will not be 
responsible to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection afforded to clients of the Arrangers 
or for providing advice in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the issue of any Series under the Programme, the Dealer or the Dealers (if any) which 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the stabilising manager (the “Stabilising Manager”) or any 
person acting for the Stabilising Manager may over-allot any such Series or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price such Series at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail 
for a limited period. However, there may be no obligation on the Stabilising Manager (or any agent of the 
Stabilising Manager) to do this and there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager will undertake 
stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may be ended at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Series and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of any such Series. Such stabilising shall be in compliance with all 
applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, MiFID II) or; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or 
superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS ...................................................................................................... 4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 23 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................ 59 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................... 60 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ............................................................. 65 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS................................. 108 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................ 130 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 143 
THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................................... 144 
THE GUARANTOR ........................................................................................................................... 174 
THE ASSET MONITOR .................................................................................................................... 177 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS .................................................................... 178 
CREDIT STRUCTURE ...................................................................................................................... 190 
CASHFLOWS .................................................................................................................................... 197 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL .......................................................................................... 202 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RELEVANT LEGISLATION IN ITALY ....................................... 204 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 209 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 217 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 222 
GLOSSARY ....................................................................................................................................... 225

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
PARTIES 
Issuer 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di Sondrio” or 
“BPS”), a società cooperativa per azioni incorporated under the laws 
of the Republic of Italy, having its registered office at Piazza Garibaldi, 
16, Sondrio, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of 
Sondrio number 00053810149, enrolled under number 842 with the 
registers of banks, parent company of Banca Popolare di Sondrio group 
(the “Banca Popolare di Sondrio Group”) registered under number 
5696.0 with the register of banking groups held by the Bank of Italy in 
accordance with, respectively, articles 13 and 64 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act.  
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(“LEI”) 
J48C8PCSJVUBR8KCW529 
Guarantor 
POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l., a special purpose entity incorporated 
under the laws of Italy pursuant to article 7-bis of Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law, having its registered office at Via Vittorio Alfieri 
1, Conegliano (TV), Italy, fiscal code and enrolment with the 
companies register of Treviso-Belluno No. 04620230260 and part of 
the Banca Popolare di Sondrio Group, having as its sole purpose the 
ownership of the Cover Pool and the granting of the Guarantee. 
Guarantor LEI 
81560046696F5A9E4320 
Seller 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
Arrangers 
BNP Paribas, a company incorporated under the laws of France 
licensed to conduct banking operations, having its registered office at 
16 boulevard des Italiens, 75009 Paris, France, registered with the 
Chamber of Commerce of Paris under number 662 042 449 RCS, 
(“BNP Paribas”). 
Banca Finint. 
 
Dealer(s) 
BNP Paribas 
Société Générale 
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco BPM 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. 
Natixis 
UniCredit Bank AG 
KBC Bank NV 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
UBS Europe SE 
Erste Group Bank AG

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
and any other dealer appointed from time to time in accordance with 
the Programme Agreement, which appointment may be for a specific 
Series of Covered Bonds issued or on an ongoing basis. 
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation Management and 
Payments Agreement, Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
(“Banca Finint”) a società per azioni, incorporated under the laws of 
the Republic of Italy, having its registered office at Via Vittorio Alfieri 
1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, equity capital of € 2,000,000.00 fully 
paid-up, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of 
Treviso-Belluno number 03546510268, VAT Group “Gruppo IVA 
FININT S.P.A.” - VAT number 04977190265, enrolled under number 
50 in the register of Financial Intermediaries (albo degli intermediari 
finanziari) held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 106 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act, belonging to the banking group known as 
“Gruppo Banca Finanziaria Internazionale”, registered with the 
register of the banking group held by the Bank of Italy, will act as 
Guarantor Calculation Agent. 
Test Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation Management and 
Payments Agreement, BPS will act as Test Calculation Agent. 
Issuer Paying Agent 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation Management and 
Payments Agreement, BPS (or any other entity being appointed as such 
in the future) will act as Issuer Paying Agent until the delivery of an 
Issuer Default Notice. 
Guarantor Paying Agent 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation Management and 
Payments Agreement, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Milan Branch 
(or any other entity being appointed as such in the future) will act as 
Guarantor Paying Agent following the delivery of an Issuer Default 
Notice. 
Servicer 
Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, BPS will act as 
Servicer. 
Back-up Servicer 
Banca Finint will act as Back-up Servicer. 
Cash Manager 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation Management and 
Payments Agreement, BPS will act as Cash Manager. 
Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders 
Banca Finint will act as Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Programme Agreement, 
the Conditions, the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Mandate Agreement and the Deed of Charge.  
Asset Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent accountants and auditors will be 
appointed as Asset Monitor pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer 
and the Asset Monitor Agreement. The Asset Monitor is BDO Italia 
S.p.A., società per azioni incorporated under the laws of the Republic 
of Italy, having its registered office at Viale Abruzzi 94, 20131, Milan, 
Italy, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of Milan 
No. 07722780967, and included in the Register of Certified Auditors 
held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance – Stage general 
accounting office, at no. 167911. 
Asset Swap Providers 
Any counterparty of the Guarantor under any Asset Swap Agreement.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Liability Swap Providers 
BNP Paribas (or any other entity being appointed as such in the future) 
will act as Liability Swap Provider pursuant to the Liability Swap 
Agreement. 
Account Bank 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Milan Branch will act as Account 
Bank pursuant to the Cash Allocation Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
Expenses Account Bank 
Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A., or any such other depositary 
institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
Corporate Servicer 
Banca Finint, has been appointed as Corporate Servicer pursuant to the 
Corporate Services Agreement. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch, whose 
registered offices is at 60 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg 
will act as Luxembourg listing agent under the Programme. BNP 
Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a 
financial group providing client services with a worldwide network 
covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational 
processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, 
whilst 
keeping 
ultimate 
accountability 
and 
responsibility 
in 
Luxembourg. 
THE PROGRAMME 
 
Programme description 
A covered bond issuance programme under which Covered Bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) will be issued by the Issuer to the 
Covered Bondholders. 
Programme size 
The aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds at any time 
outstanding will not exceed Euro 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies to be calculated as described in the Programme Agreement). 
The Issuer may however increase the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
THE COVERED BONDS 
 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form and in dematerialised 
form. The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form are held on 
behalf of their ultimate owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, 
by Monte Titoli for the account of Monte Titoli account holders. Monte 
Titoli will act as depository for Euroclear and Clearstream. The Covered 
Bonds issued in dematerialised form will at all times be in book entry 
form and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by, and title 
thereto will be transferable by means of, book entries, in accordance with 
the provisions of Article 83-bis of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998 and with the Rules governing central depositories, 
settlement services, guarantee systems and related management 
companies (adopted by the Bank of Italy and the Commissione Nazionale 
per le Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) on 13 August 2018) as 
subsequently amended. No physical document of title will be issued in 
respect of the Covered Bond issued in dematerialised form. 
Denomination of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements and

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
save that the minimum denomination of each Covered Bond admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a base prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation will be Euro 100,000 (or where the relevant 
Tranche is denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other currency). 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer guaranteed by the Guarantor and 
will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save for 
any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present 
and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from 
time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and 
payable to the Covered Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor 
on their behalf in accordance with the Decree No. 310. 
Rating 
Each Series or Tranche may, on or after the relevant issue, be assigned a 
rating as specified in the relevant Final Terms by Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited (“Fitch”) and any other rating agency which may be appointed 
from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered 
Bonds or for the remaining duration of the Programme or may be unrated 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by any 
of the rating agencies. 
Specified Currency 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory or central bank restrictions, 
such currency or currencies as may be agreed from time to time by the 
Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s), the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Maturities 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will have such Maturity Date as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by any 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered Bonds will 
indicate either (a) that the Covered Bonds of such Series of Covered 
Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in 
specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons or if it 
becomes unlawful for any Covered Bond to remain outstanding or 
following an Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default), (b) 
that such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
upon giving notice to the Covered Bondholders on a date or dates 
specified prior to the specified Maturity Date and at a price and on other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer(s) as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms as provided in Condition 7 (Redemption and 
Purchase), letter (d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or (c) that 
such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Covered 
Bondholders, as provided in Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase),

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
letter (f) (Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders) and in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Covered Bonds may be redeemable in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) and the relevant Final Terms but 
in any case the redemption amount shall be at least equal to par value. 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Covered Bonds may be 
redeemable in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such 
dates as indicated in the Final Terms. 
Extended Maturity Date 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered Bonds 
issued may indicate that the Guarantor's obligations under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts equal to the Final 
Redemption Amount of the applicable Series of Covered Bonds on their 
Maturity Date may be deferred until the Extended Maturity Date. The 
deferral will occur automatically if the Issuer fails to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date for such Series of Covered 
Bonds and if the Guarantor does not pay the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds (for example, because the Guarantor has 
insufficient funds) by the Extension Determination Date. Interest will 
continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid amount up to the 
Extended Maturity Date. If the duration of the Covered Bond is extended, 
the Extended Maturity Date shall be the date indicated in the Final 
Terms. 
 
For further details, see Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity). 
Extended Instalment Date 
If a Series of Covered Bonds is to be redeemed in instalments, the 
applicable Final Terms may indicate that the Guarantor's obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay a Covered Bond Instalment 
Amount and all subsequently payable Covered Bond Instalment Amounts 
may be deferred as defined in the relevant Final Terms until their relevant 
Extended Instalment Dates. The deferral will occur automatically if the 
Issuer fails to pay a Covered Bond Instalment Amount on its Covered 
Bond Instalment Date and if the Guarantor does not pay such Covered 
Bond Instalment Amount (for example, because the Guarantor has 
insufficient funds) by the Covered Bond Instalment Extension 
Determination Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on 
the unpaid amount up to the relevant Extended Instalment Date, which 
shall be the date indicated in the Final Terms. 
Each Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred when falling 
due no more than once. At such time, each subsequent but not yet due 
Covered Bond Instalment Amount will also be deferred, so it is possible 
that a Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred more than once 
but it may never be deferred to a date falling after the Maturity Date for 
the relevant Series. 
For further details see Condition 7(j) (Extension of principal instalments) 
Statutory Tests and Tests 
The Programme provides that the assets of the Guarantor are subject to 
the statutory tests provided for under Article 3 of Decree No. 310, which 
are intended to ensure that the Guarantor can meet its obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, for so long as Covered Bonds 
remain outstanding, the Seller and the Issuer must always ensure that the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
following tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date: 
(i) 
the Nominal Value Test; 
(ii) the Net Present Value Test; 
(iii) the Interest Coverage Test, 
(the "Statutory Tests"); and 
(iv) the Asset Coverage Test. 
Further to the Statutory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test, the 
Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that if, following an Issuer Event 
of Default and service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (but prior to service on the Guarantor of a Guarantor Default 
Notice), the assets of the Guarantor available to meet its obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee fall to a level where Covered 
Bondholders may not be repaid, a Guarantor Event of Default will occur 
and all obligations owing under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be 
accelerated. Under the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the 
Guarantor must ensure that, on each Test Calculation Date following 
service of an Issuer Default Notice and on any date on which the 
Amortisation Test is to be performed) (provided that, in case the Issuer 
Event of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders has not delivered an Article 74 Event Cure 
Notice), on the Issuer and the Guarantor, but prior to a Guarantor Event 
of Default and service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Amortisation 
Test Aggregate Loan Amount will be in an amount at least equal to the 
aggregate principal amount of the Covered Bonds as calculated on the 
relevant Test Calculation Date. For further details on the above, see 
"Credit Structure" below 
Asset Monitor 
Pursuant to an engagement letter the Issuer will appoint the Asset 
Monitor in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant information 
from the Issuer, specific monitoring activities concerning, inter alia, (i) 
the compliance with the issuing criteria set out in the Bank of Italy 
Regulations and Decree No. 310 in respect of the issuance of covered 
bonds; (ii) the fulfilment of the eligibility criteria set out under Decree 
No. 310 with respect to the Eligible Assets and Top Up Assets included 
in the Cover Pool; (iii) the compliance with the limits on the transfer of 
the Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets set out under Decree No. 310 and 
Bank of Italy Regulations; (iv) the arithmetical accuracy of the 
calculations performed by the Test Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Statutory Tests and the compliance with the limits set out in Decree No. 
310 with respect to covered bonds issued and the Eligible Assets and 
Top-Up Assets included in the Portfolios as determined in the Statutory 
Tests; (v) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection provided 
by any Swap Agreement entered into in the context of the Programme 
and (vi) the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the 
information provided to investors pursuant to article 129, paragraph 7 of 
the CRR. Furthermore, under the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement 
entered into between the Issuer, the Test Calculation Agent, the Asset 
Monitor, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Asset Monitor has agreed with the Issuer and, upon 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, with the Guarantor, to verify,

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Test 
Calculation Agent to the Asset Monitor, the arithmetic accuracy of the 
calculations performed by the Test Calculation Agent under the Statutory 
Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test carried out 
pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, with a view to 
confirming whether such calculations are accurate. 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds may be issued at par or at a premium or discount to par 
on a fully-paid basis, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest 
Interest (if any) will be calculated on the principal amount outstanding of 
the relevant Covered Bonds and may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating 
rate or other variable rate and the method of calculating interest may vary 
between the issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Covered Bonds may also have a maximum rate of interest, a minimum 
rate of interest or both (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
Interest on Covered Bonds in respect of each Interest Period, as agreed 
prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on 
such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction, in each case as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a fixed rate, which will be 
payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) and on redemption and will be calculated on the 
basis of such day count fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions; 
or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s), 
 
in each case, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each issue of Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Taxation 
All payments in relation to Covered Bonds will be made without tax 
deduction except where required by law. If any tax deduction is made, the 
Issuer shall be required to pay additional amounts in respect of the 
amounts so deducted or withheld, subject to a number of exceptions set 
out in Condition 9 (Taxation) including deductions on account of Italian 
substitute tax pursuant to Decree No. 239. 
 
Under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor will not be liable to 
pay any such additional amounts. 
 
For further detail, see Condition 9 (Taxation).

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Issuer cross default 
Each Series of Covered Bonds will cross-accelerate as against each other 
but will not otherwise contain a cross default provision. Accordingly, 
neither an event of default in respect of any other indebtedness of the 
Issuer (including other debt securities of the Issuer) nor acceleration of 
such indebtedness will of itself give rise to an Issuer Event of Default. In 
addition, an Issuer Event of Default will not automatically give rise to a 
Guarantor Event of Default, provided however that, where a Guarantor 
Event of Default occurs and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders serves a Guarantor Default Notice upon the Guarantor, such 
Guarantor Default Notice will accelerate each Series of outstanding 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
 
For further detail, see Condition 10 (a) (Issuer Events of Default). 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Governing Law 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or 
in connection, thereof will be governed by Italian law or by any other law 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. The Programme Documents and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection, thereof 
will be governed by Italian law, except for the Swap Agreements and 
Deed of Charge, which will be governed by English law. 
THE GUARANTOR AND THE COVERED BOND GUARANTEE 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Payments of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds when 
due for payment will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
the Guarantor. The obligations of the Guarantor to make payments in 
respect of such Guaranteed Amounts when due for payment are subject to 
the conditions that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred, and an Issuer 
Default Notice has been served on the Issuer and on the Guarantor or, if 
earlier, a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred and a Guarantor 
Default Notice has been served on the Guarantor. 
 
The obligations of the Guarantor will accelerate once the Guarantor 
Default Notice mentioned above has been delivered to the Guarantor. The 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor collateralised by the Cover Pool and recourse against the 
Guarantor is limited to such assets. 
 
For further detail, see "Overview of the Programme Documents – 
Covered Bond Guarantee". 
Suspension of Payments 
If a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act is 
passed in respect of the Issuer (the "Article 74 Event"), the Guarantor, in 
accordance with Decree No. 310, shall be responsible for the payments of 
the Guaranteed Amounts due and payable within the entire period in 
which the suspension continues (the "Suspension Period"). 
 
Following an Article 74 Event: 
 
(i) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve an 
Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, specifying

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
that an Article 74 Event has occurred and that such event may be 
temporary; and 
 
(ii) 
in accordance with Decree No. 310, the Guarantor shall be 
responsible for payment of the amounts due and payable under 
the Covered Bonds during the Suspension Period at their relevant 
due dates, provided that it shall be entitled to claim any such 
amounts from the Issuer. 
 
The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders of a notice to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Asset Monitor (the "Article 74 Event Cure Notice"), informing such 
parties that the Article 74 Event has been revoked. 
 
Upon the termination of the Suspension Period the Issuer shall again be 
responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the Covered 
Bonds. 
Issuer Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an "Issuer Event of Default") 
occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest and/or 
principal due and payable on any Series of Covered Bonds at their 
relevant Interest Payment Date and such breach is not remedied 
within the next 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of interest, 
or 20 Business Days, in case of amounts of principal, as the case 
may be; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligation: a material breach by the Issuer of any 
obligation under or in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series 
or Tranche outstanding) or any of the Programme Documents to 
which it is a party occurs which is not remedied within 30 days 
after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given 
written notice thereof to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
Cross-default: any of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (ii) 
above occurs in respect of any other Series of Covered Bonds; or 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Issuer; 
or 
(v) 
Article 74 resolution: a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act is issued in respect of the Issuer; or 
(vi) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its primary 
business; or 
(vii) Breach of Tests: the Tests are breached and are not remedied 
within the Test Grace Period, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall serve an Issuer 
Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor demanding payment 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee, and specifying, in case of the Issuer 
Event of Default referred to under item (v) (Article 74 resolution) above, 
that the Issuer Event of Default may be temporary. 
Upon service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor: 
(i) 
No further Series of Covered Bonds: the Issuer may not issue

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
any further Series of Covered Bonds; 
(ii) Covered Bond Guarantee: 
(a) interest and principal falling due on the Covered Bonds will be 
payable by the Guarantor at the time and in the manner 
provided under the Conditions, subject to and in accordance 
with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Priority 
of Payments; 
(b) the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement) shall be 
entitled to request from the Issuer an amount up to the 
Guaranteed Amounts and any sum so received or recovered 
from the Issuer will be used to make payments in accordance 
with the Covered Bond Guarantee; 
(c) if (i) the right of the Guarantor under letter (b) above is in any 
way challenged or revoked and (ii) a Programme Resolution 
of the Covered Bondholders has been passed to this effect, the 
Covered Bonds will become immediately due and payable by 
the Issuer, at their Early Termination Amount together with 
accrued interest thereon and the Guarantor will no longer be 
entitled to request from the Issuer the amount set out under 
letter (b) above; 
(iii) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall sell the Eligible Assets and 
Top-Up Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, 
provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under 
item (v) (Article 74 resolution) above, the effects listed in items (i) (No 
further Series of Covered Bonds), (ii) (Covered Bond Guarantee) and 
(iii) (Disposal of Assets) above will only apply for as long as the 
Suspension Period will be in force and effect. Accordingly (A) the 
Guarantor, in accordance with Decree No. 310, shall be responsible for 
the payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds 
during the Suspension Period and (B) at the end of the Suspension 
Period, the Issuer shall be again responsible for meeting the payment 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
 
For further details, see Condition 10 (a) (Issuer Events of Default). 
Guarantor Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, a "Guarantor Event of Default") 
occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: following delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the 
Guarantor fails to pay any interest and/or principal due and 
payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee and such breach is 
not remedied within the next following 15 Business Days, in case 
of amounts of interests, or 20 Business Days, in case of amounts 
of principal, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the 
Guarantor; or 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligation: a breach of any obligation under the 
Programme Documents by the Guarantor occurs (other than

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
payment obligations referred to in letter (i) above) which is not 
remedied within 30 days after the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Guarantor; or 
(iv) 
Breach of Amortisation Test: following the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice (provided that, in case the Issuer Event of Default 
consists of an Article 74 Event, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has not delivered an Article 74 event Cure 
Notice), the Amortisation Test is breached and is not remedied 
within the Test Grace Period; or 
(v) 
Invalidity of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the Covered Bond 
Guarantee is not in full force and effect or it is claimed by the 
Guarantor not to be in full force and effect, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall or, in the case 
of the Guarantor Event of Default under letter (iii) (Breach of other 
obligation) above shall, if so directed by a Programme Resolution, serve 
a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor. 
Upon service of a Guarantor Default Notice upon the Guarantor: 
(i) 
Acceleration of Covered Bonds: the Covered Bonds shall become 
immediately due and payable at their Early Termination Amount 
together, if appropriate, with any accrued interest; 
(ii) 
Covered Bond Guarantee: subject to and in accordance with the 
terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, 
shall have a claim against the Guarantor for an amount equal to 
the Early Termination Amount, together with accrued interest 
and any other amount due under the Covered Bonds (other than 
additional amounts payable under Condition 9(a) (Gross-up by 
the Issuer) in accordance with the Priority of Payments; 
(iii) 
Disposal of assets: the Guarantor shall immediately sell all assets 
included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the provisions of 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement; and 
(iv) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may, at its discretion and without further notice subject to having 
been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction, take such 
steps and/or institute such proceedings against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) as it may think fit to enforce such 
payments, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings 
or steps unless requested or authorised by a Programme 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders. 
Guarantor Available Funds 
Prior to service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee the Guarantor will: 
- 
apply Interest Available Funds to pay interest due on the 
Subordinated Loan, but only after payment of certain items 
ranking higher in the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority 
of Payments (including, but not limited to, the Reserve Fund 
Amount to be credited to the Reserve Fund Account). For further 
details of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Payments, see "Cashflows" below; and 
- 
apply Principal Available Funds towards (subject to compliance 
with the Tests) repaying the Subordinated Loan but only after 
payment of certain items ranking higher in the relevant Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments. For further 
details of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments, see "Cashflows" below. 
Following service on the Issuer and the Guarantor of an Issuer Default 
Notice (but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default and service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor) the Guarantor will use all 
monies to pay Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
payments to the Other Issuer Creditors when due for payment subject to 
paying certain higher ranking obligations of the Guarantor in the 
Guarantee Priority of Payments. In such circumstances, the Seller will 
only be entitled to receive payment from the Guarantor of interest and 
repayment of principal under the Subordinated Loan after all amounts 
due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of the Covered Bonds 
and the Other Issuer Creditor have been paid in full (or sufficient funds 
have been set aside for such purpose). 
Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service of 
a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, the Covered Bonds will 
become immediately due and repayable and Covered Bondholders will 
then have a claim against the Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee for an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount in 
respect of each Covered Bond, together with accrued interest and any 
other amounts due under the Covered Bonds, and Guarantor Available 
Funds will be distributed according to the Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments, as to which see "Cashflows" below. 
Cover Pool 
The Covered Bond Guarantee will be collateralised by the Cover Pool 
constituted by (i) the Portfolio comprised of Mortgage Loans and related 
collateral assigned to the Guarantor by the Seller in accordance with the 
terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and (ii) any other 
Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets held by the Guarantor with respect to 
the Covered Bonds and the proceeds thereof which will, inter alia, 
comprise the funds generated by the Portfolio, the other Eligible Assets 
and the Top-Up Assets including, without limitation, funds generated by 
the sale of assets from the Cover Pool and funds paid in the context of a 
liquidation of the Issuer. 
 
For further detail, see "Description of the Cover Pool". 
Limited recourse 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders and, 
in general, to the Seller, the Other Issuer Creditors and the Other 
Creditors are limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, which will be 
paid in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. The Covered 
Bondholders, the Seller, the Other Issuer Creditors and the Other 
Creditors will have a claim against the Guarantor only to the extent of the 
Guarantor Available Funds, including any amount realised with respect to 
the Cover Pool, in each case subject to and as provided in the Covered 
Bond Guarantee and the other Programme Documents. 
Subordinated Loan 
The Seller has granted, or shall grant, to the Guarantor a Subordinated

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Loan with a maximum amount equal to the Commitment Limit for the 
purpose of funding the purchase from the Seller of the Eligible Assets 
included in the initial Cover Pool. Subsequently, the Seller will grant 
further Subordinated Loan to the Guarantor for the purposes of funding 
the purchase from the Seller of Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets in 
order to remedy a breach of the Tests or Eligible Assets to support further 
issues of Covered Bonds. The Guarantor will pay interest in respect of 
the Subordinated Loan but will have no liability to gross up for 
withholding. Payments from the Guarantor to the Seller under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement will be limited recourse and subordinated 
and paid in accordance with the Priorities of Payments to the extent the 
Guarantor has sufficient Guarantor Available Funds. 
 
For further detail, see "Overview of the Programme Documents – 
Subordinated Loan Agreement". 
Excess Receivables and support 
for further issues 
To support the issue of further Series of Covered Bonds, (i) Excess 
Receivables may be retained in the Portfolio or (ii) Eligible Assets may 
be acquired from the Seller with the proceeds of new or amended 
Subordinated Loan Agreement entered into by the same Seller in order to 
ensure that the Cover Pool both before and after the issue of the new 
Series of Covered Bonds complies with the Tests. The Receivables which 
have been assigned to the Guarantor may also be repurchased by the 
Seller in accordance with and subject to the conditions provided in the 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement. 
Segregation of Guarantor's 
rights and collateral 
The Covered Bonds benefit from the provisions of Article 7-bis of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, pursuant to which the Cover Pool 
is segregated by operation of law from the Guarantor's other assets. 
 
In accordance with Article 7-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond 
Law, prior to and following a winding-up of the Guarantor and an Issuer 
Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default causing the Covered 
Bond Guarantee to be called, proceeds of the Cover Pool paid to the 
Guarantor will be exclusively available for the purpose of satisfying the 
obligations owed to the Covered Bondholders, to the Swap Providers 
under the Swap Agreements entered into in the context of the 
Programme, the Other Issuer Creditors and to the Other Creditors in 
satisfaction of the transaction costs. 
 
The Cover Pool may not be seized or attached in any form by creditors of 
the Guarantor other than the entities referred to above, until full discharge 
by the Guarantor of its payment obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee or cancellation thereof. 
Cross-collateralisation 
All Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets transferred from the Seller to the 
Guarantor from time to time or otherwise acquired by the Guarantor and 
the proceeds thereof form the collateral supporting the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds. 
Claim under Covered Bonds 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, for and on behalf of the 
Covered Bondholders, may submit a claim to the Guarantor and make a 
demand under the Covered Bond Guarantee in case of an Issuer Event of 
Default or Guarantor Event of Default.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
Guarantor cross-default 
Where a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will serve on the Guarantor a Guarantor Default 
Notice, thereby accelerating the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of 
each Series of outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
However, an Issuer Event of Default will not automatically give rise to a 
Guarantor Event of Default. 
 
For further detail, see Condition 10(d) (Guarantor Events of Default). 
Disposal of assets included in the 
Cover Pool 
After the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
Guarantor (also through the Servicer, pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement) will be obliged to sell, refinance or otherwise liquidate 
Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets included in the Cover Pool in 
accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement, subject to 
pre-emption and other rights of the Seller in respect of the Eligible Assets 
and, if applicable, Top-Up Assets pursuant to Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement. The proceeds from any such sale will be applied as set out in 
the applicable Priority of Payments. 
 
For further detail, see Condition 10(d) (Guarantor Events of Default). 
SALE AND DISTRIBUTION 
 
Distribution 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis, subject to the 
restrictions to be set forth in the Programme Agreement. 
Certain restrictions 
Each Series of Covered Bonds issued will be denominated in a currency 
in respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply and will only be issued in circumstances 
which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time. There are restrictions on the 
offer, sale and transfer of Covered Bonds in the United States, the 
European Economic Area (including the United Kingdom and the 
Republic of Italy) and Japan. Other restrictions may apply in connection 
with the offering and sale of a particular Series of Covered Bonds. For 
further details see “Subscription and Sale” below.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
RISK FACTORS  
This section describes the principal risk factors associated with an investment in the Covered Bonds and 
includes disclosure of all material risks in respect of the Covered Bonds. Prospective purchasers of Covered 
Bonds should consider carefully all the information contained in this document, including the considerations set 
out below, before making any investment decision. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not 
occur and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor are in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such 
contingency occurring. In addition, factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also 
described below. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the 
principal risks inherent in investing in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds 
may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer and the Guarantor 
based on the information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor represents that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any 
Covered Bonds are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any document incorporated by reference) and reach their own 
views prior to making any investment decision. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds may occur for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer based on the information currently available to it or which it may not currently be 
able to anticipate. 
 
1. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER THE COVERED BOND 
 
The risk below have been classified into the following sub-categories: 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer 
 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position 
Risks related to the European sovereign debt crisis 
The continued deterioration of the creditworthiness of various countries, including (among others) Greece, 
together with the potential for contagion to spread to other countries in Europe, including Italy, has exacerbated 
the severity of the global financial crisis. Such developments have posed a significant risk to the stability and 
status quo of the Economic and Monetary Union (EMU), and have raised concerns about its long-term 
sustainability. Furthermore, the ECB’s unconventional monetary policy tools have contributed to ease market 
tensions, limiting the refinancing risk for the banking system and leading to a tightening of credit spreads of 
sovereign risk.  
These concerns may impact the value of the assets of Eurozone banks and their ability to access the funding they 
need or may increase the costs of such funding, which may cause such banks to suffer liquidity stress. If the 
current concerns over sovereign and bank solvency continue, there is a danger that interbank funding may 
become generally unavailable or available only at elevated interest rates, which might impact the Issuer’s access 
to, and cost of, funding. Should the BPS group (the BPS Group or the Group) be unable to continue to source a 
sustainable funding profile, the BPS Group’s ability to fund its financial obligations at a competitive cost, or at 
all, could be adversely impacted.  
There is a risk that the future evolution of the macroeconomic outlook may have negative effects on the equity, 
economic and financial position of the Issuer and/or the BPS Group.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
The earning capacity and stability of the Issuer are affected by the general state of the economy, the dynamics of 
financial markets and, in particular, the strength and growth prospects of the economy in Italy (and the 
creditworthiness of its sovereign debt), as well as that of the Eurozone as a whole. In addition, the risk remains 
that a default of one or more countries in the Eurozone, the extent and precise nature of which is impossible to 
predict, could lead to the expulsion or voluntary withdrawal of one or more countries from the Eurozone or a 
disorderly break-up of the Eurozone, either of which could significantly disrupt financial markets and possibly 
trigger another global recession. 
The performance of the BPS Group is influenced by the general economic situation, both nationally and in the 
euro area as a whole, and by the dynamics of the financial markets and, in particular, by the solidity and growth 
prospects of the economy in the geographical areas in which the BPS Group operates. In particular, the 
profitability and solvency of the BPS Group are influenced by the performance of factors such as investor 
expectations and confidence, the level and volatility of short and long-term interest rates, exchange rates, the 
liquidity of financial markets, the availability and cost of capital, the sustainability of sovereign debt, household 
income and consumer spending, unemployment levels, inflation and house prices. 
Adverse changes in these factors, particularly in periods of economic and financial crisis, could lead to the BPS 
Group suffering losses, increases in funding costs and reductions in the value of assets held, with a potential 
negative impact on the BPS Group. 
 
Liquidity risk 
The Issuer’s business is subject to risks concerning liquidity which are inherent in its banking operations, and 
could affect the Issuer’s ability to meet payment commitments or an incapacity to finance assets with the 
necessary punctuality on a cost/effective basis. In order to ensure that the Issuer continues to meet its funding 
obligations and to generally maintain or grow its business, it relies on customer savings and transmission 
balances, as well as ongoing access to the wholesale lending markets. The ability of the Issuer to access 
wholesale and retail funding sources on favourable economic terms is dependent on a wide range of factors, 
including issues out of its control, such as liquidity constraints, general market conditions and confidence in the 
Italian banking system. 
In recent years, global financial systems have been subject to considerable turmoil and uncertainty and, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the short and medium term outlook for the global economy remains uncertain. The 
repricing of sovereign risk following the recent crisis has contributed to high volatility and uncertainty, 
weighing negatively on the global financial system.  
The current credit conditions of the global and Italian capital markets have led to the most severe examination of 
the banking system's capacity to absorb sudden significant changes in the funding and liquidity environment in 
recent history, and have had an impact on the wider economy. Individual institutions have faced varying degrees 
of stress. Should the BPS Group be unable to continue to source a sustainable funding profile which can absorb 
these sudden shocks, BPS Group's ability to fund its financial obligations at a competitive cost, or at all, could 
be adversely affected. 
Further to the above, as at 30 June 2021, the Issuer had no exposure to US subprime mortgages and no related 
hedging contracts or other credit derivatives on loans. As of the same date, the Issuer’s financial portfolio 
mainly comprises government securities with a limited duration (less than 4 years). 
BPS relies on internal systems in order to monitor, control and mitigate liquidity risk; the management process 
aims at verifying BPS Group’s ability to meet ordinary and extraordinary payment obligations and minimise the 
associated expenses. In detail, the Issuer: 
• 
uses specific supervision instruments in order to monitor operating liquidity (short-term liquidity 
between overnight and 3 months) and structural liquidity (medium- to long-term liquidity with a 
structural maturity ladder); 
• 
compares the liquidity positions measured (both operating and structural) with the relevant early 
warning thresholds and calculates early warning indicators and contingency indicators; and

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
• 
estimates the impact of different hypothetical scenarios (stress tests) on the liquidity position resulting 
from ordinary monitoring activities. 
The Issuer believes that the policies adopted and the controls implemented by the BPS Group are adequate to 
keep liquidity risk under control. However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it cannot be ruled out that 
unknown and unexpected events might occur which could negatively affect the Issuer’s ability to meet its 
financial obligations as they fall due or to fulfil its commitments to lend. 
Risks associated with the Issuer's rating 
The risk associated with the ability of an issuer to meet its obligations, generated by the issue of debt 
instruments and money market instruments, is defined by reference to credit ratings assigned by independent 
rating agencies. A rating may be suspended, lowered or withdrawn at any time by the rating agency by which it 
has been assigned. Suspension, lowering or withdrawal of an assigned rating can negatively affect the market 
price of the bonds issued. 
The current long-term counterparty credit ratings of the Issuer are, respectively, “BB+” from Fitch, “BBB 
(low)” from DBRS Ratings GmbH (DBRS Morningstar) and “BBB-” from Scope Rating GmbH; the current 
short-term counterparty credit ratings are, respectively, “B” from Fitch, “R-2 (middle)” from DBRS Ratings 
GmbH (DBRS Morningstar). A downgrade of any of the Issuer’s ratings would result in higher funding and 
refinancing costs for the Issuer in the capital markets. Such downgrade may also affect or effectively limit 
access to the capital markets, because investing in the Issuer will in such case likely be considered less attractive 
(also because of the Issuer's possible reputational damage) and/or will no longer be allowed for certain 
investors. In addition, a downgrade of any of the Issuer’s ratings may limit the Issuer’s opportunities to extend 
mortgage loans and may have a particularly adverse effect on the Issuer’s image as a participant in the capital 
markets, as well as in the eyes of its clients. A rating downgrade might restrict the availability of funding or 
increase its cost for individuals and companies at a local level. 
These factors may also have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and/or results of operations 
and, as a consequence, on the rating assigned to the Covered Bonds. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry 
Credit and counterparty risks 
Credit and counterparty risks are associated with the event that the financial soundness and outlook of the Issuer 
or of the BPS Group deteriorate due to the risk of losses resulting from any inability or refusal by customers 
(including Sovereign States) to meet their contractual obligations, relating to lending, commitments, letters of 
credit, derivatives instruments, foreign currency transactions and other transactions. 
Even though lending is the core business of the BPS Group, it is performed with the objective to achieve a 
controlled growth of lending throughout the country by means of a risk-taking strategy focused on the most 
attractive geographic areas, customer segments and sectors of economic activity.  
This strategy consists of identifying risk ceilings that can be taken with lending (sector and individual 
concentration risk limits, etc.) and ensuring that they are consistent with the BPS Group’s budget targets and 
business plan. Improvement of credit quality is pursued by means of constant monitoring of the loan portfolio, 
assessing compliance with the risk strategy agreed on, with a focus on major risk exposures. 
A decrease in the creditworthiness of third parties, could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer due to 
difficulty in obtaining liquidity and/or could have an adverse impact on the results of the Issuer’s operations.  
Risks related to quality of loans

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Credit quality in the Italian market is affected by the continuing weakness of the economy. Moreover, within the 
banking system generally, a growing number of companies are struggling to repay loans. The proportion of 
loans to companies experiencing temporary difficulties (substandard and restructured loans) is steadily 
increasing, while the deterioration of loans to households has remained moderate. 
The Issuer, in line with the market practice, has taken significant measures to dispose of its non-performing 
loans which is an important element of its Strategic Plan (as defined below). 
However, the Italian banking system is currently recording high levels of non-performing loans and, as a result, 
numerous other banks may seek to dispose of these assets, which may result in excess supply and downward 
price pressure. The Issuer may, therefore, find it difficult to identify buyers for non-performing loans or only 
find buyers willing to buy at low prices, which may result in adverse consequences for the Issuer's financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Interest rate risk  
The interest rate risk consists of the possibility of incurring losses due to reductions in the value of assets and/or 
increases in the value of liabilities caused by adverse changes in interest rates on positions not included in the 
trading portfolio. The methodology used by BPS for the analysis of BPS Group’s sensitivity to interest rate risk 
comprises application of the internal models for strategic Asset & Liability Management (ALM). These 
analyses are also complemented by the measurements of an internal model for the daily calculation of Value at 
Risk (VaR) on debt instruments of the banking and trading portfolios which are exposed to market risks. 
The internal processes for control and management of the interest rate risks associated with an adverse change in 
the fair value of assets and liabilities or a negative impact on the interest margin are based on a monthly (for 
ALM indicators) and daily (for Market VaR estimates) monitoring of the BPS Group’s risk exposure, supported 
by a system of quantitative limits, thresholds and alerts that globally reflect the risk appetite of the BPS Group 
and its main components.  
The main sources of interest rate risk from fair value consist of deposit/fund-raising transactions (particularly, 
debt securities and sight deposits statistically modelled) and fixed-rate lending/investment transactions (mainly 
loans and debt securities); the interest rate risk from cash flow is originated by the sight and indexed rate assets 
and liabilities which reprice in the time horizon or short term fixed rate operations which are renewed.. 
The possibility of movements in interest rates may have negative impacts on the present and future profitability 
arising from assets and liabilities generating interest margin in the BPS Group’s balance sheet. 
Risks related to the Strategic Plan  
 
On 30 March 2021, the Board of Directors of BPS approved the BPS Group’s 2021-2025 Strategic goals and 
projections (the “Strategic Plan”). 
The Strategic Plan contains objectives to be met, by 2023 (the “Plan Objectives” or the “Projected Data”) 
based on assumptions of both a general nature and a discretionary nature linked to the impact of specific 
operational and organisational actions that BPS intends to take during the period of time covered by the 
Strategic Plan. 
The failure or partial occurrence of the assumed events or of the positive expected resulting effects could lead to 
potentially significant deviations from the forecasts in the Projected Data or hinder meeting them with 
consequent significant negative effects on the assets and the operations, balance sheets and/or income statement 
of BPS, and/or BPS Group.  
Competition 
In recent years, the Italian banking sector has been characterised by ever increasing competition which, together 
with the low level of interest rates, has caused a sharp reduction in the difference between borrowing and

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
lending rates and subsequent difficulties in maintaining a positive growth trend in interest rate margin. In 
particular, such competition has had two main effects: 
(a) 
a progressive reduction in the differential between lending and borrower interest rates, which may result 
in the BPS Group facing difficulties in maintaining its actual rate of growth in interest rate margins; and 
(b) 
a progressive reduction in commissions and fees, particularly from dealing on behalf of third parties and 
orders collection, due to competition in prices. 
In particular, the banking sector in Italy, as well as in Europe, is experiencing a consolidation phase featuring a 
high degree of competition due to the following factors: (i) the introduction of EU directives aimed at 
liberalising the European Union banking sector; (ii) the deregulation of the banking sector and the connected 
development of “shadow banking” throughout the European Union, and specifically in Italy, which has 
encouraged competition in the traditional banking sector with the effect of progressively reducing the spread 
between lending and borrowing rates; (iii) the behaviour of competitors (also following the changes introduced 
by Law No. 33 of 24 March 2015, which converted Decree 3/2015 regarding “cooperative banks” and the 
aggregative processes which followed or which could follow); (iv) consumer demand; (v) the profits of the 
Italian banking industry focused on revenues from fees, which lead to increased competition in the asset 
management and investment banking services fields; (vi) the change in several Italian tax and banking laws; 
(vii) the advance of services with a strong element of technological innovation, such as internet banking and 
mobile banking and (viii) the influx of new competitors, and other factors not necessarily under the BPS 
Group’s control.  
All the above factors may adversely affect the BPS Group’s financial condition and resulting operations. In 
addition, downturns in the Italian economy could add to the competitive pressure through, for example, 
increased price pressure and lower business volumes for which to compete. 
The Issuer may be unable to maintain capital adequacy requirements 
The rules on capital adequacy for banks define the prudential minimum capital requirements, the quality of 
capital resources, and risk mitigation instruments. Such rules are complex and evolve regularly. In addition, the 
European Central Bank (ECB), as well as the Bank of Italy, can and do impose on the Group, as permitted by 
such rules, additional requirements with respect to its capital, which may restrict the Group’s operational 
flexibility and may, should it fail to meet such requirements, require the Group to additional measures imposed 
by the ECB or other regulators. Capital adequacy requirements include – in addition to the capital ratios and 
buffer provided by the CRR – also the following main requirements: (a) the requirement to maintain a Minimum 
Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL), expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities 
and own funds of the institution, in view of facilitating a smooth resolution of the bank, in the event of a 
resolution decision; (b) a Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), aimed at ensuring the ongoing ability of the bank to 
meet its short-term obligations. Beginning in June 2021, the banks will also have to meet a binding leverage 
ratio of 3 per cent, which is aimed at preventing banks from excessively increasing their leverage levels, and a 
binding Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), designed to ensure that banks finance their long-term activities with 
stable sources of funding in order to increase banks' resilience to funding constraints. 
The BPS Group may be subject to the provisions of the EU Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Issuer – as a bank – is subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD), an EU Directive 
intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to institutions considered to be at risk of failing (i.e. 
the sale of business, the asset separation, the bail in and the bridge bank). The BRRD gives resolution authorities 
the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing a relevant entity and to convert certain 
unsecured debt claims into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. other instruments that confer 
ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other instruments of 
ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of ownership) (the General 
Bail-In Tool). 
The taking of any action under the BRRD in relation to BPS could materially affect the value of, or any

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
repayments linked to the Covered Bonds.  
Article 44, paragraph 2 of the BRRD excludes secured liabilities (including covered bonds and liabilities in the 
form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the cover pool and 
which, according to national law, are secured in a way similar to covered bonds) from the application of the 
General Bail-In Tool. 
Although the bail-in powers are not intended to apply to secured debt (such as the rights of Covered 
Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bond Guarantee), the determination that securities issued by the BPS 
Group will be subject to write-down, conversion or bail-in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may 
depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the BPS Group’s control. This determination will also 
be made by the relevant Italian resolution authority and there may be many factors, including factors not directly 
related to the bank or the BPS Group, which could result in such a determination. Because of this inherent 
uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the exercise of a bail-in power may occur which would 
result in a principal write off or conversion to other securities, including equity. Moreover, as the criteria that the 
relevant Italian resolution authority will be obliged to consider in exercising any bail-in power provide it with 
considerable discretion, holders of the securities issued by the BPS Group may not be able to refer to publicly 
available criteria in order to anticipate a potential exercise of any such power and consequently its potential 
effect on the BPS Group and the securities issued by the BPS Group. Potential investors in the securities issued 
by the BPS Group should consider the risk that a holder may lose all or part of its investment, including the 
principal amount plus any accrued interest, if such statutory loss absorption measures are acted upon. 
With specific reference to the Covered Bonds, to the extent that claims in relation to the Covered Bonds are not 
met out of the assets of the Cover Pool or the proceeds arising from it (and the Covered Bonds subsequently 
rank pari passu with senior debt), the Covered Bonds may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on 
any application of the General Bail-in Tool, which may result in Covered Bondholders losing some or all of 
their investment. In the limited circumstances described above, the exercise of any power under the BRRD or 
any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of Covered Bondholders, 
the price or value of their investment in any relevant Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under any relevant Covered Bonds. 
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer” under the 
section entitled “The Issuer”.  
COVID-19 
The outbreak during the first half of 2020 of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) was declared a pandemic by the 
World Health Organisation, and the Health and Human Services Secretary declared a public health emergency 
in the United States in response to the outbreak; likewise, the Italian Government declared a state of emergency 
and passed a number of emergency measures to deal with the outbreak, including restrictions on travel, free 
movement of people and possible institutional closure; this continued during the second half of 2020 and the 
beginning of 2021 with “second wave” and “third wave” restrictions. However, in early 2021, a large-scale 
vaccination campaign has begun. The global economy has shown an uneven recovery both at the geographical 
and sectoral level, which has been strongly dependent on the speed of vaccine distribution in each country. The 
United States and United Kingdom are benefitting from an advanced vaccination campaign whilst (i) the EU is 
suffering from a greater slowness in inoculations and (ii) emerging countries are lagging behind, excluding 
China, where the virus is substantially under control and the economy exceeds pre-crisis levels. Therefore, this 
outbreak (and any future outbreaks) has led (and may continue to lead) to disruptions in the economies of those 
nations where COVID-19 has arisen and may in the future arise, which includes Italy, and may result in adverse 
impacts on the global economy in general.  
These circumstances have led to volatility in the capital markets, which may lead to volatility in or disruption to 
the credit markets at any time and may adversely affect the value of the Covered Bonds. The potential impacts, 
including a global, regional or other economic recession, are increasingly uncertain and difficult to assess. If the

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
spread of COVID-19 increases or persists for a significant period of time, or other measures are put in place, this 
could have a materially negative impact on the global economy. Investors should note the risk that the virus, or 
any governmental or societal response to the virus, may affect the business activities and financial results of the 
Issuer and Group, and, or may impact the functioning of the financial system(s) needed to make regular and 
timely payments under the Covered Bonds, and therefore the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the 
Covered Bonds.  
Moreover, the outbreak of COVID-19 and the measures taken in relation thereto, will directly or indirectly 
result in increases of defaults under mortgage loans. Payment holidays have been granted and could be granted 
in the future pursuant to emergency legislation to borrowers in distress due to the COVID-19 outbreak, under 
which borrowers are allowed to defer making payments for certain amounts of time. This may result in payment 
disruptions and possibly higher losses under the mortgage loans. The impact will strongly depend on the 
duration and severity of the COVID-19 outbreak. Even if the Italian GDP resurged from the depression of 2020, 
it has still registered a contraction in the first quarter of 2021, but a decisive recovery is expected in the coming 
months thanks to acceleration of the domestic vaccine campaign. 
The Issuer may incur significant costs to store or mitigate the effects of the foregoing. The Issuer's prospects, 
financial condition and results of operations in particular may be materially affected by the above factors, events 
and developments. Investors should note the risk that the virus, or any governmental or societal response to the 
virus, may (i) affect the business activities and financial results of the Issuer and therefore may prevent the 
ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds and (ii) increase the amount of NPL in the 
financial statements of the Issuer. 
 
Forthcoming regulatory changes 
The Issuer is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by, among others, the Bank of Italy, CONSOB, the 
ECB and the SRB. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial service laws that govern its marketing and 
selling practices.  
Changes in the regulatory framework and in how such regulations are interpreted and/or applied by the 
supervisory authorities may have a material effect on the BPS Group’s business and operations. The manner in 
which the new framework of banking laws and regulations will be applied to the operations of financial 
institutions is still evolving. No assurance can be given that laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or 
interpreted in a manner that will not have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, cash flows and 
results of operations of the BPS Group.  
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should consult their own advisors as to the consequences for them 
of the application of the above regulations as implemented by each Member State. 
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspect Relating to the Issuer” under the 
section “The Issuer”. 
The Issuer may be affected by new accounting standards 
Under International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), for the purposes of preparing its consolidated 
financial statements, the Issuer uses estimates and assumptions that may have a significant effect on the values 
recorded on the balance sheet and income statement, as well as on the reporting of contingent assets and 
liabilities. These estimates and assumptions are applied on a going concern basis and are strongly influenced by 
growing uncertainty of the economic environment and current market conditions, the degree of volatility of 
financial parameters and the presence of high indicators for credit quality deterioration. Parameters and 
information used for the determination of estimates and assumptions are particularly affected by factors which 
by their nature are unpredictable. As a result, those estimates and assumptions may vary from period to period 
and, accordingly, it cannot be ruled out that amounts recorded in the Issuer’s most recent financial statements 
and those recorded in the future will differ, even significantly, following changes to the valuation methods to be 
applied.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
The values recorded on the balance sheet and income statement, as well as on the reporting of contingent assets 
and liabilities are significantly affected by the above factors and, accordingly, even if the estimates and 
assumptions adopted are subject to periodic review in order to take into account changes in the relevant period, 
it cannot be ruled out that a worsening performance will have an adverse effect on the items subject to valuation 
and, ultimately, on the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer.  
Risks associated with pending legal proceedings  
As at the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the BPS Group companies are/were parties to civil and 
administrative judiciary proceedings associated with their ordinary operations; for some of these proceedings, 
the Issuer has allocated, as recognised in its consolidated financial statements, a specific provision for 
contingencies and liability, intended to cover potential liabilities resulting from the same proceedings. 
Even though the outcome of the many legal proceedings to which the BPS Group is a party is intrinsically 
difficult to forecast and, therefore, it cannot be ruled out that an unfavourable outcome of some of them might 
impact the BPS Group’s financial, income and equity situation, the Issuer believes that the allocated provision is 
adequate to meet any unfavourable outcomes. Moreover, the above proceedings are not significant when 
considered individually. 
For other information on the pending legal proceedings to which the BPS Group is a party, reference is made to 
section “The Issuer” of this Base Prospectus. 
Risks associated with the transformation process of the Issuer into a joint-stock company 
Further to enactment of Law Decree No. 3 of 24 January 2015 entitled "Urgent measures for the banking system 
and investment" (the Decree 3/2015), which was published and converted into Italian law on 25 March 2015 by 
Law No. 33 dated 24 March 2015, BPS started the process of conversion from cooperative bank (banca 
popolare) to a joint stock company and, on 5 August 2021, its Board of Directors approved the draft of the 
Articles of Association aimed at transforming the Bank into a joint stock company, which will be submitted to 
the Supervisory Authority. 
In the event of any failure by the Issuer to comply with the legislative provisions mentioned above and to 
complete the transformation into a joint-stock company, the Bank of Italy may, inter alia, adopt a prohibition on 
undertaking new transactions or request to the European Central Bank the revocation of the authorisation to 
carry out banking activities and to the Italian Minister of the Economy and Finance the compulsory 
administrative liquidation. 
Finally, as a consequence of the transformation into a joint-stock company, the Issuer's shareholders may be 
subject to a limitation on their right of withdrawal, as provided for in Article 28, paragraph 2-ter of Consolidated 
Banking Act, where this is necessary to ensure the inclusion of the shares in the CET1 capital ratio. It should be 
noted that any reimbursement to the shareholders exercising withdrawals right - i.e. the shareholders who did 
not take part in the resolution regarding the transformation of the Issuer and who do not wish to be part of the 
new legal entity - will have to be made through the use of profits and reserves with a consequent possible impact 
on the Issuer's balance sheet.  
Risk associated with inspections by regulatory authorities  
From October 2018 to February 2019, the ECB launched a new on-site inspection activity intended to focus on 
the analysis of accounting processes, policies and lending practices with a deep dive into individual credit 
positions belonging to the Corporate and SME - Corporate (Small and Medium Enterprises) segments with 
reference to the situation at the end of June 2018 (Credit File Review). After receipt of the final report of the 
inspection in May 2019, the Bank developed a specific action plan that is still being fully implemented, in order 
to address the findings provided by the Authority.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
From May 2019 to July 2019, a new ECB on-site inspection took place to assess the identification, measurement 
and management processes of market risk and interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB) within the Bank. 
On 21 November 2019 the ECB formalised the final report of the inspection activity and thereafter, on 16 March 
2020, submitted to the Bank the draft follow-up letter containing the supervisory recommendations and the 
required remedial actions. Following the closing meeting held with the ECB on 15 April 2020, the Bank is still 
waiting to receive the final letter from the ECB inspection in order to draw-up the plan of actions to be 
implemented. 
In addition, on 29 November 2019, the ECB required the Bank to: a) update its Non Performing Exposures 
(NPE) strategy; b) further enhance the functioning of the Board of Directors; c) strengthen the organisational 
structure, including governance and control arrangements, with specific regard to the compliance and the 
internal audit functions, taking into account the results of an independent assessment made by external advisors. 
A revised NPE strategy was approved by the Board of Directors of the Bank on 20 December 2019 setting more 
ambitious NPE reduction targets; on 15 April 2020, the ECB asked the Bank to submit a further update of its 
NPE strategy no later than 30 September 2020, considering the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The 
remaining initiatives are addressed by specific Actions Plans shared with the Authority, whose implementation is 
still underway. 
The BPS Group is subject, in the course of its ordinary activities, to inspections and other supervisory actions 
carried out by the supervisory authority that could require organisational interventions or strengthening of 
internal functions aimed at addressing weaknesses identified during inspections which might, furthermore, result 
in sanction proceedings which may have negative effects on operations, financial and capital position and 
economic results of the Issuer. 
Risks associated with recent ECB guidance on NPL provisioning 
The ECB published on 20 March 2017 its final guidance on non-performing loans (NPLs). It outlines measures, 
processes and best practices which banks should incorporate when tackling NPLs. The ECB expects banks to 
fully adhere to the guidance in line with the severity and scale of NPLs in their portfolios. On 15 March 2018, 
the ECB published an addendum to the guidance mentioned above which sets out the ECB’s supervisory 
expectations for prudent levels of provisions for new NPL’s. 
In this context, on 26 April 2019, the EU Regulation no. 2019/630, which introduces common minimum loss 
coverage levels for newly originated loans that become non-performing, entered into force. According to this 
regulation, where the minimum coverage requirement is not met, the difference between the actual coverage 
level and the requirement should be deducted from a bank's own funds (CET1). The minimum coverage levels 
thus act as a 'statutory prudential backstop'. The required coverage increases gradually depending on how long 
an exposure has been classified as non-performing, being lower during the first years. This architecture would 
ensure that the risks associated with NPL losses that are not sufficiently covered are reflected in institutions' 
CET1 capital ratios. In order to facilitate a smooth transition towards the new prudential backstop, the new rules 
should not be applied in relation to exposures originated prior to 26 April 2019. No assurance can be given on 
the effect of the application of the new rules in relation to the Issuer’s exposures originated after 26 April 2019. 
In addition, on 26 June 2020, Regulation (EU) 2020/873 amending CRR and Regulation (EU) 2019/876 as 
regards adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic has been published, under which, inter alia, a 
temporary extension has been provided to the preferential treatment under the NPL backstop received by NPLs 
guaranteed by official export credit agencies (ECAs) to NPLs guaranteed by the public sector in the context of 
measures aimed at mitigating the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, recognising the similar 
characteristics shared by export credit agencies guarantees and COVID-19 related public guarantees. 
 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer 
Risk management and exposure to unidentified or unanticipated risks

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
The BPS Group has devoted significant resources to developing policies, procedures and assessment methods to 
manage market, credit, liquidity and operating risks and intends to continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, 
the BPS Group’s risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk 
exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risks, including risks that the Issuer fails to 
identify or anticipate. If existing or potential customers believe that the BPS Group’s risk management policies 
and procedures are inadequate, its reputation as well as its revenues and profits may be negatively affected. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes and or 
systems, human resources and/or external events. This definition includes legal and conduct risks, but excludes 
strategic and reputational risks. Legal risk includes, but is not limited to, exposure to fines, penalties or punitive 
damages resulting from supervisory actions, as well as private settlements.  
The BPS Group, being fully aware of the considerable damage to its image and its reputation which could arise 
from the occurrence of loss events, adopts a management system suitable, in the opinion of the Issuer, to 
mitigate the operational risk effects. This system relies on procedures for the containment and mitigation of 
operational risks arising from transactions and for the prevention and/or limitation of the possible adverse 
effects resulting from them. However, the adoption of these measures may be inadequate to deal with the risks 
potentially arising, in part because of the unpredictability of the occurrence of risk events. 
The most frequently recurring operational risks and those having the greatest individual impact in terms of 
overall amount usually include errors in the execution of day-to-day payments and trading in securities, 
litigations and settlement agreements with customers as well as external events, normally subject to mitigation 
through the purchase of insurance policies. 
Risks related to Sanctioned Countries  
The Issuer has clients and partners who are located in various countries around the world and/or who are active 
players in markets on a global basis. Some of the countries or territories in which such customers and partners 
are located and/or otherwise operate are, or may become, subject to comprehensive sanctions adopted by Office 
of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. State Department, any other agency 
of the U.S. government, the United Nations, the European Union, Her Majesty's Treasury or the United 
Kingdom, generally prohibiting all direct or indirect dealings with such countries or territories (Sanctioned 
Countries).  
The Issuer has consistently adopted stringent sanctions compliance procedures to meet its obligations under the 
laws and regulations that apply to its operations and to ensure that violations of sanctions laws and regulations 
do not occur. Such procedures include enhanced due diligence on third parties as well as on goods which fall 
within the scope of import or export restrictions. The Issuer has also hired specialised counsel to provide regular 
advice on sanctions compliance matters. Furthermore, on October 2019, the quality certification of UNI EN ISO 
9001-2008 by DNV (Det Norske Veritas), obtained on 7 December 2017 in relation to the Issuer’s compliance 
procedures, has been confirmed.  
The relevant revenues generated by the Issuer from business related to Sanctioned Countries (as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, being Iran and Russia) currently represent a small portion (less than 1%) of the Issuer’s 
total revenues. The Issuer does not maintain any physical presence in Sanctioned Countries.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has undertaken and continues to undertake commercial 
relationships (including both the processing of payments and activities entailing the use of Issuer’s own 
resources, such as bank guarantees, bonds, letters of credit, supplier credits and buyer credits) with 
counterparties located in Sanctioned Countries or related to the same Sanctioned Countries. Such commercial 
transactions have all been, and are, carried out in full compliance with sanctions laws and regulations as

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
applicable to the Issuer (e.g. comprehensive sanctions adopted by Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. 
Department of the Treasury, the U.S. State Department, any other agency of the U.S. government, the United 
Nations, the European Union, Her Majesty’s Treasury or the United Kingdom) and are not believed to have 
caused any person or entity to violate any sanctions, nor they are expected to result in the Issuer nor the BPS 
Group becoming the subject of sanctions.  
However, should the relevant sanctions be strengthened and/or should new sanctions be adopted, there may be 
prejudicial effects on these operations as well as on the reputation of the Issuer and/or the BPS Group. This, in 
turn, could result in negative effects on the capital, financial and economic situation of the Issuer and/or the BPS 
Group. Furthermore, it cannot be excluded that the Issuer and/or the BPS Group may become subject to 
boycotting or monitoring actions by non-governmental activist groups seeking to terminate BPS Group’s 
business relationships with its counterparties in, and its operations connected to, Sanctioned Countries. 
Risks relating to information technology systems 
The BPS Group depends on its information technology (IT) and data processing systems to operate its business, 
as well as on its continuous maintenance and constant updates. The BPS Group is exposed to the risk that data 
could be damaged or lost, removed, disclosed or processed (data breach) for purposes other than those 
authorised by the customer, including by unauthorised parties. 
Among the risks that the Issuer faces relating to the management of IT systems are the possible violations of 
their systems due to unauthorised access to the BPS Group corporate network, or IT resources, the introduction 
of viruses into computers or any other form of abuse committed via the internet. Like attempted hacking, such 
violations have become more frequent over the years throughout the world. Both the aggregation of new 
services for members and clients and the exposure of online services are becoming increasingly complex and 
gradually extending to more and more areas and products. In addition, the authors of cyber threats are using 
increasingly sophisticated methods and strategies for criminal purposes. 
The possible destruction, damage or loss of customer, employee or third party data, as well as its removal, 
unauthorised processing or disclosure, would have a negative impact on the BPS Group’s business and 
reputation and could subject the BPS Group to fines, with consequent negative effects on the BPS Group’s 
business, results of operations or financial condition. 
In addition, changes to relevant regulation could impose more stringent sanctions for violations, and could have 
a negative impact on the BPS Group’s business insofar as they lead the BPS Group to incur additional 
compliance costs. 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer 
Risks related to a downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating 
A further downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade may occur 
would be likely to have a material effect in depressing consumer confidence, restricting the availability, 
increasing the cost of funding for individuals and companies, depressing economic activity, increasing 
unemployment, reducing asset prices and consequently increasing the risk of a “double dip” recession.  
Any further downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade may occur 
may severely destabilise the markets and have a material adverse effect on the BPS Group’s operating results, 
financial condition, prospects as well as on the marketability of the Covered Bonds. This might also impact on 
the BPS Group’s credit ratings, borrowing costs and access to liquidity. 
Risks associated with the general economic, financial and other business conditions 
The results of the BPS Group are affected by global economic and financial conditions. During recessionary 
periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the BPS Group’s customers may 
default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have an impact on the demand for

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
mortgages and other loan products. Fluctuations in interest rates in Italy and in the Euro-zone and in the other 
markets in which the Issuer operates may influence its performance. 
The Issuer’s financial performance is affected by borrower credit quality and general economic conditions, 
in particular in Italy and Europe 
The Issuer monitors credit quality and manages the specific risk of each counterparty and the overall risk of the 
respective loan portfolios, and the Issuer will continue to do so, but there can be no assurance that such 
monitoring and risk management will suffice to keep the Issuer’s exposure to credit risk at acceptable levels. 
Any deterioration of the creditworthiness of significant individual customers or counterparties, or of the 
performance of loans and other receivables, as well as wrong assessments of creditworthiness or country risks 
may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Interest rate rises may also have an impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. The risk 
arising from the impact of the economy and business climate on the credit quality of the BPS Group's debtors 
and counterparties can affect the overall credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties. 
As discussed above, these risks are exacerbated by concerns over the levels of the public debt of certain Euro-
zone countries and their relative weaknesses. A rating downgrade in one of the countries in which the Issuer 
operates might restrict the availability of funding or increase its cost for individuals and companies at a local 
level. This might have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating results, financial conditions and 
business outlook. 
Governmental and central banks' actions intended to support liquidity may be insufficient or discontinued 
In response to the financial markets crisis, the reduced liquidity available to market operators in the industry, the 
increase of risk premiums and the capital requirements demanded by investors, intervention with respect to the 
level of capitalisation of banking institutions has had to be further increased. In many countries, this has been 
achieved through support measures for the financial system and direct intervention by governments in the share 
capital of the banks in different forms. In order to technically permit such government support, financial 
institutions were required to pledge securities deemed appropriate by different central financial institutions as 
collateral. 
The unavailability of liquidity through such measures or the decrease or discontinuation of such measures by 
governments and central authorities could result in increased difficulties in procuring liquidity in the market 
and/or result in higher costs for the procurement of such liquidity, thereby adversely affecting the BPS Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer’s financial performance is affected by “systemic risk” 
In recent years, the global credit environment has been adversely affected by significant instances of default, 
and there can be no certainty that such instances will not occur in the future. Concerns about, or a default by, 
one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions because the 
commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, 
clearing or other relationships between institutions. This risk is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and 
may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms 
and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a daily basis and therefore could adversely affect the Issuer. 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events could have a negative impact on the business and 
results of the Issuer 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events, as well as the responses thereto, may create economic 
and political uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on economic conditions in the regions in which 
the Issuer operates and, more specifically, on the business and results of the Issuer in ways that cannot be 
predicted.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
The relationship of the United Kingdom with the European Union may affect the business of the Issuer 
On 31 January 2020 (“exit day”), the UK withdrew from the EU. Pursuant to Articles 126 and 127 of the 
Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union of the intention to withdraw from the European Union (the “Article 
50 Withdrawal Agreement”) that entered into force on exit day, the UK entered an implementation period 
during which it negotiated its future relationship with the EU under the political declaration that accompanied 
the Article 50 Withdrawal Agreement. During such implementation period – which ended at 11 p.m. UK time 
(midnight CET) on 31 December 2020 (the implementation period completion day, or “IP completion day”) – 
EU law generally continued to apply in the UK. 
Following such negotiations, on 24 December 2020 the UK and the EU concluded a free trade agreement known 
as the ‘UK-EU Trade and Cooperation Agreement’ (the “TCA”), which has been approved by the European 
Parliament on 27 April 2021 and entered into force on 1 May 2021. The TCA, which entered into force (initially 
on a temporary basis) on IP completion day, is principally a free trade agreement in goods. It does not address in 
any detail a number of areas, including the cross-border provision of services, the ‘passporting’ of UK and EU 
financial institutions, the determination of equivalence between EU and UK financial market regulations, or 
judicial cooperation in civil matters. In addition, on IP completion day, as a unilateral matter and in order to 
mitigate the effect of the EU Treaties no longer applying to the UK, the UK incorporated into its law (i.e. 
grandfathered) the majority of EU law as it stood at IP completion day (“EU retained law”). 
Notwithstanding the conclusion of the Withdrawal Agreement and the TCA by the EU and the UK, and the 
implementation by the UK of EU retained law, there remain significant uncertainties with regard to the political 
and economic outlook of the UK and the EU and there are likely to be changes in the legal rights and obligations 
of commercial parties across all industries, particularly in the services sector (including financial services) 
following the UK's exit from the EU. 
There is a risk that other EU Member States could hold referenda as to their membership of, and ultimately 
leave, the EU, as did the UK, and that one or more EU Member States that adopted the Euro as their national 
currency might decide, in the long term, to adopt an alternative currency, or that there is a prolonged period of 
uncertainty connected to these eventualities. These risks if they materialised could have a significant negative 
impact on global economic conditions and the stability of the international financial markets. This could include 
further volatility in equity markets, in the value of sterling and/or the Euro and in financial markets generally, a 
reduction in global market liquidity with a potential negative impact on asset prices, operating results and capital 
including as may impact the financial position of the Issuer and/or the BPS Group and the market value and/or 
liquidity of the Covered Bonds in the secondary market. 
In addition to the above, and in consideration of the fact that at the date of this Base Prospectus there is no legal 
procedure or practice aimed at facilitating the exit of a Member State from the Eurozone, the consequences of 
these decisions are exacerbated by the uncertainty regarding the methods by which a Member State could 
manage its current assets and liabilities denominated in Euros and the exchange rate between the newly adopted 
currency and the Euro. A collapse of the Eurozone could be accompanied by the deterioration of the economic 
and financial situation of the European Union and could have a significant negative effect on the entire financial 
sector, creating new difficulties in the granting of sovereign loans and loans to businesses and involving 
considerable changes to financial activities both at market and retail level. This situation could therefore have a 
significant negative impact on the operating results and capital and financial position of the Issuer and/or the 
BPS Group and/or the Issuer’s ability to pay interest and repay principal under the Covered Bonds, as well as 
the market value and/or the liquidity of the Covered Bonds in the secondary market. 
 
2. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks related to the Covered Bonds generally;

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Risks related to the Guarantor; 
Risks related to the underlying; and 
Risks related to the market generally.  
 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
Issuer liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, ranking pari passu without 
any preference amongst themselves and equally with its other direct, unsecured, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any claim directly against the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds 
will not benefit from any security or other preferential arrangement granted by the Issuer. 
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
on the Issuer and on the Guarantor of an Issuer Default Notice or, if earlier, following the occurrence of a 
Guarantor Event of Default and service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Guarantor 
Default Notice. The occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default does not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
However, failure by the Guarantor to pay amounts due under the Covered Bond Guarantee would constitute a 
Guarantor Event of Default which would entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to accelerate the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds (if they have not already become due and payable) and the 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Although the Mortgage Receivables included 
in the Cover Pool are originated by the Issuer, they are transferred to the Guarantor on a true sale basis and an 
insolvency of the Issuer would not automatically result in the insolvency of the Guarantor. 
Obligations under the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Arrangers, the Dealers, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other party to the Programme, their officers, members, 
directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer and, after the service by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate capacity for their obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds 
and such obligations will not be the obligations of their respective officers, members, directors, employees, 
security holders or incorporators. 
Extraordinary Resolutions and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
A meeting of Covered Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights and interests of 
Covered Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): instructing the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor; waiving an Issuer 
Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default; defining, reducing or otherwise varying interest payments or 
repayment of principal or rescheduling payment dates; altering the priority of payments of interest and principal 
on the Covered Bonds; and any other amendments to the Programme Documents. Certain resolutions are 
required to be passed as Programme Resolutions. A Programme Resolution will bind all Covered Bondholders, 
irrespective of whether they attended the Meeting or voted in favour of the Programme Resolution. No 
Resolution, other than a Programme Resolution, passed by the holders of one Series of Covered Bonds will be 
effective in respect of another Series unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary 
Resolution, as the case may require, of the holders of that other Series. Any Resolution passed at a Meeting of 
the holders of the Covered Bonds of a Series shall bind all other holders of that Series, irrespective of whether 
they attended the Meeting and whether they voted in favour of the relevant Resolution. 
In addition, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may agree to the modification of the Programme 
Documents without consulting Covered Bondholders to correct a manifest error or where such modification (i) 
is of a formal, minor, administrative or technical nature or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or (ii) in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, is expedient to make provided that it is not or will not be materially prejudicial to Covered 
Bondholders. It should also be noted that after the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the protection and 
exercise of the Covered Bondholders' rights against the Issuer will be exercised by the Guarantor (or the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders on its behalf). The rights and powers of the Covered Bondholders 
may only be exercised in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. In 
addition, after the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the protection and exercise of the Covered 
Bondholders' rights against the Guarantor and the security under the Covered Bond Guarantee is one of the 
duties of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The Conditions limit the ability of each individual 
Covered Bondholder to commence proceedings against the Guarantor by conferring on the Meeting of the 
Covered Bondholders the power to determine in accordance with the Rules of Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, whether any Covered Bondholder may commence any such individual actions. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders' powers may affect the interests of the Covered Bondholders 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall only have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors, as applicable, but if, 
in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict between these interests the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have regard solely to the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may not act on behalf of the Seller. This may lead to losses under the Covered Bonds.  
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or more 
Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise 
such power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary 
Resolution or by a written resolution of such Covered Bondholders holding not less than 25 per cent of the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
Therefore, Covered Bondholders are exposed to the risk that such powers of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders are exercised against the interest of one or more Covered Bondholders and that the above could 
negatively affect the market value and/or risks in relation to its Covered Bonds. 
Extendible obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Investors should be aware of the possibility that amounts to be paid with respect to one or more Series of 
Covered Bonds may be paid at a later date than the one originally expected and provided under the relevant 
Final Terms. 
More in particular, upon failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of Covered 
Bonds on their relevant Maturity Date (subject to applicable grace periods) and if payment of the Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Series of the Covered Bonds is not 
made in full by the Guarantor on or before the Extension Determination Date, then payment of such Guaranteed 
Amounts shall be automatically deferred. This will occur if the Final Terms for a relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds provides that such Covered Bonds are subject to an extended maturity date (the "Extended Maturity 
Date") to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final Redemption Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date will be deferred in the event that the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on or before the 
Extension Determination Date. 
To the extent that the Guarantor has received an Issuer Default Notice in sufficient time and has sufficient 
money available to pay in part the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the relevant Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall make partial payment of the 
relevant Final Redemption Amount in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments and as described in 
Conditions 7(b) (Extension of maturity) and 10(b) (Effect of an Issuer Default Notice). Payment of all unpaid 
amounts shall be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity Date provided that any amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Extension Determination Date 
may be paid by the Guarantor on any Interest Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Extended Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid amount in accordance 
with Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity) and the Guarantor will pay Guaranteed Amounts, constituting 
interest due on each Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Maturity Date. In these circumstances, Failure 
by the Issuer to pay the Covered Bond Instalment Amount on its Covered Bond Instalment Date will (subject to 
any applicable grace period) be an Issuer Event of Default. Failure by the Guarantor to pay the deferred Covered 
Bond Instalment Amount on the related Extended Instalment Date will (subject to any applicable grace period) 
be a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Similarly, in respect of Covered Bonds that may be redeemed in instalments, if an Extended Instalment Date is 
specified in the Final Terms and both (a) the Issuer on the Covered Bond Instalment Date and (b) the Guarantor 
on the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date fail to pay a Covered Bond Instalment 
Amount, the requirement to pay such Covered Bond Instalment Amount and all subsequently due and payable 
Covered Bond Instalment Amounts shall be deferred by one year until their Extended Instalment Dates.  
Each Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred when due no more than once. At such time, each 
subsequent but not yet due Covered Bond Instalment Amount will also be deferred, so it is possible that a 
Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred more than once but it may never be deferred to a date falling 
after the Extended Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
Therefore, Covered Bondholders or potential Covered Bondholders may not receive payments at the moment 
they anticipated to receive payments and these payments may not cover all amounts Covered Bondholders may 
expect to receive. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered Bonds 
(in which case they will form part of such Series) or have different terms to an existing Series of Covered Bonds 
(in which case they will constitute a new Series). 
All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects and will share 
equally in the security granted by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Following the service on 
the Issuer and on the Guarantor of an Issuer Default Notice (but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default and 
service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor) the Guarantor will use all monies to pay Guaranteed 
Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds when the same shall become due for payment subject to paying 
certain higher ranking obligations of the Guarantor in Guarantee Priority of Payments. In such circumstances, 
the Issuer will only be entitled to receive payment from the Guarantor of any amount due and payable under the 
Programme Documents, to the extent not already paid or payable under other items of the Guarantee Priority of 
Payments, any principal due and payable under the Subordinated Loan Agreement and any Base Interest and 
Premium Interest due under the Subordinated Loan Agreement, after all amounts due under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of the Covered Bonds have been paid in full or have otherwise been provided for. 
Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice 
on the Guarantor, the Covered Bonds will become immediately due and repayable and Bondholders will then 
have a claim against the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee for an amount equal to the Principal 
Amount Outstanding plus any interest accrued in respect of each Covered Bond, together with accrued interest 
and any other amounts due under the Covered Bonds, and any Guarantor Available Funds will be distributed 
according to the Post Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
In order to ensure that any further issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme does not adversely affect 
existing holders of the Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
the Term Loan granted by the Issuer to the Guarantor under the terms of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, may only be used by the Guarantor (i) as consideration for the acquisition of the Eligible 
Assets from each Seller pursuant to the terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement; and (ii) as 
consideration for the acquisition of the Top-Up Assets and/or other Eligible Assets from the Seller 
pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement; and 
(b) 
the Issuer must always ensure that the Tests are satisfied on each Test Calculation Date in order to ensure

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
that the Guarantor can meet its obligations under the Guarantee. 
However, should the above mentioned provisions not be followed by the relevant parties pursuant to the relevant 
Trnsaction Documents, then no assurance can be given as to the impact of any further issue of Covered Bonds 
under the Programme and to the adverse affect it may have on existing holders of the Covered Bonds. Further 
issues of Covered Bonds could have an adverse effect on the (the value of) Covered Bonds already issued and 
could ultimately lead to losses under the Covered Bonds. 
Limits to Integration 
The integration of the Cover Pool, whether through Eligible Assets or through Top-Up Assets, shall be carried 
out in accordance with the methods, and subject to the limits, set out in the Bank of Italy Regulations. More 
specifically, integration is allowed exclusively for the purpose of (a) complying with the tests provided for under 
the Decree No. 310; (b) complying with any contractual overcollateralisation requirements agreed by the parties 
to the relevant agreements or (c) complying with the limit of 15.00 per cent in relation to certain Top-Up Asset 
including in the Cover Pool. Investors should note that integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as 
set out in the Bank of Italy Regulations and specified above; therefore no assurance can be given on the 
potential negative impact that the need to integrate the Cover Pool outside the circumstances set out in the Bank 
of Italy Regulations and specified above may have on the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
Tax consequences of holding the Covered Bonds - No Gross-up for Taxes 
Potential investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Covered Bonds and consult their tax 
adviser about their own tax situation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if 
withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is 
imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be. The Issuer shall be obliged to pay any 
additional amounts pursuant to Condition 9 (Taxation) subject to customary exceptions including Decree No. 
239 withholdings. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the 
Covered Bondholders in relation to withholdings or deductions on payments made by the Guarantor. 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law  
The Securitisation and Covered Bond Law was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and further amended to allow for 
the issuance of covered bonds in 2005. As the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application 
of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law as it relates to covered bonds has been issued by any Italian court 
or governmental or regulatory authority, except for (i) the Decree of the Italian Ministry for the Economy and 
Finance No. 310 of 14 December 2006 ("Decree No. 310"), setting out the technical requirements for the 
guarantee which may be given in respect of covered bonds and (ii) Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza per le Banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as amended and supplemented from time 
to time (the "Bank of Italy Regulations") concerning guidelines on the valuation of assets, the procedure for 
purchasing top-up assets and controls required to ensure compliance with the legislation. Consequently, it is 
possible that such or different authorities may issue further regulations relating to the Securitisation and Covered 
Bond Law or the interpretation thereof, the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. Any changes of the rules and/or changes of the interpretation and/or implementation of the 
same by the competent authorities could give rise to new burdens and obligations for the Issuer, with possible 
negative impacts on the operational results and the economic and financial situation of the Issuer and of the 
Programme. 
The return on an investment in Covered Bonds will be affected by charges incurred by investors 
An investor's total return on an investment in any Covered Bonds will be affected by the level of fees charged 
by the nominee service provider and/or clearing system used by the investor. Such a person or institution may 
charge fees for the opening and operation of an investment account, transfers of Covered Bonds, custody 
services and on payments of interest, principal and other amounts. Potential investors are therefore advised to

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
investigate the basis on which any such fees will be charged on the relevant Covered Bonds, as no assurance can 
be given as to the potential negative effect such changes in fees may have on their return on an investment in 
Covered Bonds. 
Priority of Payments 
Recent English insolvency and U.S. bankruptcy court rulings may restrain parties from making or receiving 
payments in accordance with the order of priority agreed between them. 
There is uncertainty as to the validity and/or enforceability of a provision which (based on contractual and/or 
trust principles) subordinates certain payment rights of a creditor to the payment rights of other creditors of its 
counterparty upon the occurrence of insolvency proceedings relating to that creditor. In particular, recent cases 
have focused on provisions involving the subordination of a swap counterparty's payment rights in respect of 
certain termination payments upon the occurrence of insolvency proceedings or other default on the part of such 
counterparty (so-called "flip clauses").  
The English Supreme Court has held that a flip clause as described above is valid under English law. Contrary 
to this, however, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court has held that such a subordination provision is unenforceable under 
U.S. bankruptcy law and that any action to enforce such provision would violate the automatic stay which 
applies under such law in the case of a U.S. bankruptcy of the counterparty. The implications of this conflicting 
judgment are not yet known, particularly as the U.S. Bankruptcy Court approved, in December 2010, the 
settlement of the case to which the judgment relates and subsequently the appeal was dismissed. 
If a creditor of the Guarantor (such as the Swap Providers) or a related entity becomes subject to insolvency 
proceedings in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales, and it is owed a payment by the Guarantor, a 
question arises as to whether the insolvent creditor or any insolvency official appointed in respect of that 
creditor could successfully challenge the validity and/or enforceability of subordination provisions included in 
the Italian law governed Programme Documents. In particular, based on the decision of the U.S. Bankruptcy 
Court referred to above, there is a risk that such subordination provisions would not be upheld under U.S. 
bankruptcy law. Such laws may be relevant in certain circumstances with respect to a range of entities which 
may act as Swap Counterparty, including U.S. established entities and certain non-U.S. established entities with 
assets or operations in the U.S. (although the scope of any such proceedings may be limited if the relevant non-
U.S. entity is a bank with a licensed branch in a U.S. state). If a subordination provision included in the 
Programme Documents was successfully challenged under the insolvency laws of any relevant jurisdiction 
outside England and Wales and any relevant foreign judgment or order was recognised by the English courts, 
there can be no assurance that such actions would not adversely affect the rights of the Covered Bondholders, 
the market value of the Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Guarantor to satisfy its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds. 
Given the general relevance of the issues under discussion in the judgments referred to above, there is a risk that 
the final outcome of the dispute in such judgments (including any recognition action by the English courts) may 
result in negative rating pressure in respect of the Covered Bonds. If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds 
is lowered, the market value of the Covered Bonds may reduce.  
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Covered Bonds. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. The expected ratings of the 
Covered Bonds are set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of Covered Bonds. Whether or not a 
rating in relation to any Covered Bonds will be treated as having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union or in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.  
Any rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of the rating agency, the 
credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
is suspended, lowered or withdrawn for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional 
support or credit enhancement with respect to the Covered Bonds. As a result, the market value of the Covered 
Bonds may reduce.  
Any ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country registered rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may 
be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the 
relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of 
time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 
ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Covered Bonds may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Covered Bonds and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common such features: 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 9 
(Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Italy or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the First Issue Date, and such obligation cannot be avoided

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Covered Bonds 
in accordance with the Conditions.  
In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security 
at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the 
light of other investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest 
basis, may affect the secondary market and the market value of such Covered Bonds as the change of interest 
basis may result in a lower interest return for Covered Bondholders. Where the Covered Bonds convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable than 
then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds. Where the Covered 
Bonds convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those 
Covered Bonds and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Interest rate risks 
Investments in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involve the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
Floating rate risks 
Investments in Floating Rate Covered Bonds involve the risk for the Covered Bondholders of fluctuating 
interest rate levels and uncertain interest earnings. 
Reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate index 
"benchmarks" 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the 
subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms 
are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds referencing such a 
benchmark, such as Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of "benchmarks", the contribution of input data to a "benchmark" and the use of a 
"benchmark" within the EU and it, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) 
and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of administrators 
that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). 
The scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-
called "critical benchmark" indices such as EURIBOR, could also potentially apply to many other interest rate 
indices, as well as equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices and other indices (including 
"proprietary" indices or strategies) which are referenced in listed financial instruments (including listed Covered 
Bonds), financial contracts and investment funds. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a rate or index deemed to be a benchmark, including any 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked to or referencing EURIBOR, in particular, if the methodology or other 
terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant benchmark. 
Key international reforms of "benchmarks" also include IOSCO's proposed Principles for Financial Market 
Benchmarks (July 2013) (the IOSCO Benchmark Principles). 
The IOSCO Benchmark Principles aim to create an overarching framework of principles for benchmarks to be 
used in financial markets, specifically covering governance and accountability, as well as the quality and 
transparency of benchmark design and methodologies. A review published in February 2015 on the status of the 
voluntary market adoption of the IOSCO Benchmark Principles noted that, as the benchmarks industry is in a 
state of change, further steps may need to be taken by IOSCO in the future, but that it is too early to determine 
what those steps should be. The review noted that there has been a significant market reaction to the publication 
of the IOSCO Benchmark Principles, and widespread efforts being made to implement the IOSCO Benchmark 
Principles by the majority of administrators surveyed. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have (without 
limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to 
administer or participate in certain "benchmarks", (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
certain "benchmarks", and/or (iii) leading to the discontinuance, unavailability or disappearance of certain 
"benchmarks". 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has also published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.  
Furthermore, in order to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the European Union approved 
the final text of the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as regards the 
exemption of certain third-country spot foreign exchange benchmarks and the designation of replacements for 
certain benchmarks in cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. The new framework delegates 
the Commission to designate a replacement for benchmarks qualified as critical under the Regulation 
2016/2011, where the cessation or wind-down of such a benchmark might significantly disrupt the functioning 
of financial markets within the European Union. In particular, the designation of a replacement for a benchmark 
should apply to any contract and any financial instrument as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU that is subject to 
the law of a Member State. In addition, with respect to supervised entities, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 extends

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
the transitional period for the use of third-country benchmarks until 2023 and the Commission may further 
extend this period until 2025 by a delegated act to be passed before 15 July 2023. On 10 February 2021 the 
Council of the European Union adopted the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 that was published in the Official Journal 
on 12 February 2021 and entered into force on the following day.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark, (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmarks, and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark.  
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide that, if a Benchmark Event (as defined in the 
Conditions) has occurred (including, but not limited to, an Original Reference Rate (as defined in the 
Conditions) ceasing to be provided or upon a material change of an Original Reference Rate), if applicable, then 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (as further described in Condition 6(j) (Fallback Provisions) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. If the Issuer is unable to appoint 
an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser fails to determine the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
the Issuer may determine the replacement rate, provided that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the further fallbacks described in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds shall apply. In certain circumstances, including but not limited to where the Issuer is unable or unwilling 
to determine an Alternative Rate, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular 
Interest Period may result in the rate of interest of the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result 
in effective application of a fixed rate of interest for Covered Bonds initially designated to be Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and 
Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate may result in 
interest payments that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the 
payments that could have been made on the Covered Bonds if the relevant benchmark remained available in its 
current form. Furthermore, if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent 
Adviser fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread, if applicable with the 
Independent Adviser, the Issuer may have to exercise its discretion to determine (or to elect not to determine) an 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread, if applicable in a situation in which it is presented with a conflict of 
interest. In addition, while any Adjustment Spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any 
potential transfer of value between counterparties, the application of the Adjustment Spread to the Covered 
Bonds may not do so and may result in the Covered Bonds performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its 
current form. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and the possible 
application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Covered Bonds, investigations and licensing issues 
in making any investment decision with respect to any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a "benchmark".  
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The issue price of Covered Bonds specified in the applicable Final Terms may be more than the market value of 
such Covered Bonds as of the issue date, and the price, if any at which a Dealer or any other person willing to 
purchase the Covered Bonds in secondary market transactions may be lower than the issue price. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. This may negatively affect the market 
value and secondary market (if any) of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Covered Bondholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Covered Bondholders including 
Covered Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Bondholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions and the Programme Documents may only be modified in accordance with the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and in the case of the Programme Documents, by agreement in 
writing signed by or on behalf of the parties to the relevant Programme Documents. Any such modification shall 
be notified in advance to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Rating Agency and agreed 
upon by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and shall be binding on the Other Creditors. 
Any modification to the Swap Basic Term Modification must be previously approved in writing by the Liability 
Swap Provider. The Liability Swap Provider agrees to subscribe any other amendment of the Programme 
Documents to which is party which have been agreed with the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with the above. 
Base Prospectus to be read together with applicable Final Terms 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds included in this Base Prospectus apply to the different types of 
Covered Bonds which may be issued under the Programme. The full terms and conditions applicable to each 
Series (or Tranche) of Covered Bonds can be reviewed by reading the Conditions of the Covered Bonds as set 
out in full in this Base Prospectus, which constitute the basis of all Covered Bonds to be offered under the 
Programme, together with the applicable Final Terms which complete the Conditions of the Covered Bonds in 
the manner required to reflect the particular terms and conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds (or Tranche). 
In respect of any Covered Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a ‘Green Bond’ or “Social 
Bond” or “Sustainable Bonds”, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the 
investment criteria of an investor  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds under the Programme described 
as "green bonds" (Green Bonds), "social bonds" (Social Bonds) and/or "sustainability bonds" (Sustainability 
Bonds) in accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) 
(respectively, the Green Bond Principles (GBP), the Social Bond Principles (SBP) and the Sustainability Bond 
Guidelines (SBG)) for the purposes of financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, respectively Eligible 
Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects and/or Eligible Sustainable Projects (each of such terms as defined in 
the "Use of Proceeds" section). 
In such a case, prospective investors should make reference to the information in the applicable Final Terms 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in such Covered Bonds together with any other investigation such investors deem 
necessary, and must assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own criteria. In particular no 
assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealer(s) that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any Eligible 
Green Project, Eligible Social Project or Eligible Sustainable Project, as the case may be, will satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria 
or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations (including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy Regulation) and the Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts for climate change adaptation and mitigation objectives (the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts) adopted by the EU Commission on 21 April 2021 and formally 
adopted on 4 June 2021 for scrutiny by the colegislators (the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation Delegated Acts, jointly, the EU Taxonomy Framework) or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, the relevant Eligible Green

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects). With respect to the remaining environmental 
objectives, a second delegated act is expected to be published in 2022. On 6 July 2021 the European 
Commission adopted the delegated act supplementing Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation for scrutiny by 
co-legislators. This delegated act specifies the content, methodology and presentation of information to be 
disclosed by financial and non-financial undertakings concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable 
economic activities in their business, investments or lending activities. 
On 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance published its final report on a 
future European standard for green bonds (the “EU Green Bond Standard”). In the context of the public 
consultation on the renewed sustainable finance strategy, the European Commission launched a targeted 
consultation on the establishment of an EU Green Bond Standard, that builds and consults on the work of the 
Commission Technical Expert Group, and has run between 12 June and 2 October 2020. On 19 October 2020, 
the European Commission published the Commission Work Programme 2021, in which expressed the intention 
to deliver a legislative proposal by the end of the second quarter of 2021. On 6 July 2021, the European 
Commission officially adopted a legislative proposal for a EU Green Bond Standard setting out four main 
requirements: (i) allocation of the funds raised by the green bond should be made in compliance with the EU 
Taxonomy (as defined above); (ii) full transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) 
monitoring and compliance activities to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external 
reviewers with the ESMA and subjection to its supervision. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as, a "green", "social" or 
"sustainable" or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project 
to be defined as "green" or "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label. The EU Taxonomy 
Framework is nevertheless subject to further developments. Even if a definition or market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are 
required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label, should 
develop or be established, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or 
related to, any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects will meet any or 
all investor expectations regarding such "green", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled 
performance objectives (including those set out under the EU Taxonomy Framework) or that any adverse green, 
social, sustainable and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects and/or Eligible Sustainable 
Projects, as the case may be, towards which proceeds of the Covered Bonds are to be applied. Moreover, in light 
of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, sustainable and positive 
social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal frameworks and/or definitions may (or may not) be modified 
to adapt any update that may be made to the GBP and/or the SBP and/or the SBG and/or the EU Taxonomy 
Framework. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any such 
Green Bond, Social Bond or Sustainability Bond.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Green Bond, Social Bond or Sustainability Bond and in particular 
with any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) 
or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Any such 
opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are listed or admitted to trading 
on any dedicated "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Dealer(s) or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with 
regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject 
of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects (as the case 
may be). Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary 
from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made 
by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in 
respect of any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds (as the case may be). 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there 
can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green 
Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects (either resulting from the original application 
of the proceeds of the Covered Bonds or a subsequent reallocation of such proceeds), as the case may be, will be 
capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule 
and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be 
totally or partially disbursed for the specified Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible 
Sustainable Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that (i) such Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social 
Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or (ii) with the 
results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer or (iii) the originally designated green 
project or social project or sustainable project (or any project(s) resulting from any subsequent reallocation of 
some or all of the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) will not be the 
potentially or actual disqualified as such. Any such event or failure by the Issuer (including to comply with its 
reporting obligations in relation to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) any actual or potential 
maturity mismatch between the green, social or sustainable asset(s) towards which proceeds of the Covered 
Bonds may have been applied and the relevant Covered Bonds or if any other risk(s) set out or contemplated by 
this risk factor with respect to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are realised, such occurrence 
will not, with respect to any Covered Bonds (i) give rise to any claim of a Covered Bondholders against the 
Issuer; (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the Covered Bonds; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to 
redeem such Covered Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any 
optional redemption rights in respect of any Covered Bonds and (iv) prevent the applicability of the General 
Bail-In Tool (or any other provision of the Regulatory Capital Requirements). Neither the proceeds of any 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds or asset financed 
with such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets. For the avoidance of doubt, 
payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant Eligible Green Project, Eligible Social 
Project or Eligible Sustainable Project (as the case may be) nor have any preferred or any other right against the 
green, social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds are to be applied.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds for any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects as aforesaid 
and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or 
certifying on and/or any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds no longer being listed or 
admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect 
on the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and also potentially the value of any 
other Covered Bonds which are intended to finance Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible 
Sustainable Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
In addition, Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may also qualify as own funds or eligible 
liabilities. The fact that Covered Bonds which qualify as own funds or eligible liabilities are also Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not impact (i) any of the features of such Covered Bonds, including 
(without limitation, as applicable) features relating to ranking, permanence, loss absorption and/or flexibility of 
payments or enhance the performace of the relevant Covered Bonds in any way, (ii) the availability of the 
Covered Bonds (or the proceeds thereof) to absorb all losses (whether or not related to any green, social or 
sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the relevant Covered Bonds may have been applied or, if relevant, 
reallocated) in accordance with their terms (if applicable) or the Regulatory Capital Requirements, (iii) the 
relevant CRR eligibility criteria applicable to the qualification of the relevant Covered Bonds as own funds or 
eligible liabilities (as appropriate) or applicability of the relevant BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities or (iv) the risks related to the qualification of such Covered Bonds as as own funds or eligible 
liabilities (as appropriate). 
 
Risks related to the Guarantor 
Guarantor only obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts when they are due for payment 
Following service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, under the terms of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee the Guarantor will only be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts as and when the same are due 
for payment on each Interest Payment Date, provided that, in the case of any amounts representing the Final 
Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid as at the original Maturity Date, the Guarantor may pay such 
amounts on any Interest Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date and in the 
case of Covered Bonds whose principal is payable in instalments, the Guarantor may defer such instalments for 
a period of one year until the relevant Extended Instalment Date. Such Guaranteed Amounts will be paid subject 
to and in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments o the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. In 
these circumstances the Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any other amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds 
which become payable for any other reason. 
Subject to any grace period, if the Guarantor fails to make a payment when due for payment under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee or any other Guarantor Event of Default occurs, then the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will accelerate the obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee by service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, whereupon the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have a claim under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee for an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount of each Covered Bond, 
together with accrued interest and all other amounts then due under the Covered Bonds. Following service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the amounts due from the Guarantor shall be applied by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, and Covered Bondholders 
will receive amounts from the Guarantor on an accelerated basis. If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the 
Guarantor then the Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
 
Limited resources available to the Guarantor 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and 
on the Guarantor, the Guarantor will be under an obligation to pay the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. The Guarantor's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
will depend on (a) the amount of interest and principal generated by the Portfolio and the timing thereof and (b)

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
amounts received from the Swap Providers. The Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to 
meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and the Covered Bond Guarantee is enforced, the proceeds of 
enforcement may not be sufficient to meet the claims of all the secured creditors, including the Covered 
Bondholders. If, following enforcement and realisation of the assets in the Cover Pool, creditors have not 
received the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Programme Documents, then they may still 
have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the shortfall.  
There is no guarantee that the Issuer will have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. Covered Bondholders 
should therefore be aware of the fact that, in such circumstances, the Guarantor may not be able to pay interest 
and repay principal of the Covered Bonds in full. 
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties 
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to perform 
services for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Servicer has been appointed to service 
Portfolios sold to the Guarantor and the Test Calculation Agent has been appointed to calculate and monitor 
compliance with the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test. In the event that any of 
these parties fails to perform its obligations under the relevant agreement to which it is a party, the realisable 
value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof or pending such realisation (if the Cover Pool or any part thereof 
cannot be sold) the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be 
affected. For instance, if the Servicer has failed to administer the Mortgage Loans adequately, this may lead to 
higher incidences of non-payment or default by Debtors. The Guarantor is also reliant on the Swap Providers to 
provide it with the funds matching its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee, as described in the 
following two investment considerations.  
If a Servicer Termination Event occurs pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, then the Guarantor 
and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to terminate the appointment of the 
Servicer and appoint a Substitute Servicer in its place subject to the notification provided for under Article 7-bis, 
paragraph 4, of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, in case of transfer of receivables towards public 
entities. There can be no assurance that a Substitute Servicer with sufficient experience of administering 
mortgages of residential properties would be found who would be willing and able to service the Mortgage 
Loans on the terms of the Servicing Agreement. The ability of Substitute Servicer to perform fully the required 
services would depend, among other things, on the information, software and records available at the time of the 
appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a Substitute Servicer may affect the realisable value of the Cover 
Pool or any part thereof, and/or the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
The Servicer does not have any obligation to advance payments if the Debtors fail to make any payments in a 
timely fashion. Covered Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by the 
Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as the Servicer or to 
monitor the performance by the Servicer of its obligations. 
Reliance on Swap Providers 
To hedge against possible variations in the performance of the indexations in the Portfolio and EURIBOR with a 
certain designated maturity, the Guarantor may enter into one or more Asset Swap Agreements with one or 
more Asset Swap Providers. In addition, to mitigate against interest rate, basis risk, currency and/or other risks 
in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Guarantor is expected to enter into 
one or more Liability Swap Agreements with one or more Liability Swap Providers in respect of each Series.  
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement that may be entered 
into, then it will (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted under that Swap 
Agreement. A Swap Provider, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement, is only obliged to make 
payments to the Guarantor as long as the Guarantor complies with its payment obligations under the relevant

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Swap Agreement.  
In circumstances where non-payment by the Guarantor under a Swap Agreement does not result in a default 
under that Swap Agreement, the Swap Provider may be obliged to make payments to the Guarantor pursuant to 
the Swap Agreement as if payment had been made by the Guarantor. Any amounts not paid by the Guarantor to 
a Swap Provider may in such circumstances incur additional amounts of interest by the Guarantor, which would 
rank senior to the amounts due on the Covered Bonds.  
If the Swap Provider is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults in its obligations to make payments of 
amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid to the Guarantor on the payment date under 
the Swap Agreements, the Guarantor may be exposed to changes in the relevant currency exchange rates to Euro 
and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. In addition, subject to the then current ratings of the Covered 
Bonds not being adversely affected, the Guarantor may hedge only part of the possible risk and, in such 
circumstances, may have insufficient funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination payment to the 
relevant Swap Provider. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds available to 
make such termination payment, nor can there be any assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a 
replacement swap agreement with an adequately rated counterparty. In addition the Swap Agreements may 
provide that notwithstanding the downgrading of a Swap Provider and the failure by such Swap Provider to take 
the remedial action set out in the relevant Swap Agreement, the Guarantor may not terminate the Swap 
Agreement until a replacement swap provider has been found. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will 
be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement with a replacement swap counterparty with the required 
ratings. 
If the Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement, such termination payment 
will, following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, rank pari passu and pro rata with amounts due to 
Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
Following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, payments by the Guarantor under the Liability Swap 
Agreements and Asset Swap Agreements, including any termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor 
except where the relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected Party, will rank pari passu 
and pro rata to amounts due on the Covered Bonds under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, the 
obligation to pay a termination payment may adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to meet their 
respective obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Differences in timings of obligations under the Liability Swaps 
With respect to any Liability Swap Agreements, it is expected that the Guarantor will pay to the relevant 
Liability Swap Provider on each Guarantor Payment Date a fixed rate or a floating rate option such as, for Series 
of Covered Bonds denominated in Euro, a floating rate linked to EURIBOR. Each Liability Swap Provider is 
expected to make corresponding swap payments to the Guarantor on the Interest Payment Date of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds, which could be any date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms (as adjustet in accordance with the applicable Business Day 
Convention specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
Due to the mis-match in timing of payments under the Liability Swap Agreements, on many Guarantor Payment 
Dates, the Guarantor will be required to make a payment to the Liability Swap Provider without receiving a 
payment in return and therefore there can be no netting of payments except on the date when the Liability Swap 
Provider is required to make a payment to the Guarantor. 
No gross up on withholding tax 
In respect of payments made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee, to the extent that the 
Guarantor is required by law to withhold or deduct any present or future taxes of any kind imposed or levied by 
or on behalf of the Republic of Italy from such payments, the Guarantor will not be under an obligation to pay 
any additional amounts to Covered Bondholders, irrespective of whether such withholding or deduction arises

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
from existing legislation or its application or interpretation as at the relevant Issue Date or from changes in such 
legislation, application or official interpretation after the Issue Date. 
Sale of Eligible Assets following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
If an Issuer Default Notice is served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, then the Guarantor will be obliged to sell 
Eligible Assets (selected on a random basis) in order to make payments to the Guarantor's creditors including 
making payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, see "Overview of the Programme Documents" – "Cover 
Pool Management Agreement". 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Eligible Assets at the times required and there can be 
no guarantee or assurance as to the price which can be obtained for such Eligible Assets, which may affect 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, the Eligible Assets may not be sold by the Guarantor 
for less than an amount equal to the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount for the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds until six months prior to the Maturity Date in respect of such Covered Bonds or (if the same is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Extended Maturity Date under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of such Covered Bonds. In the six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date or 
Extended Maturity Date, the Guarantor is obliged to sell such Eligible Assets for the best price reasonably 
available notwithstanding that such price may be less than the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount. 
 
Risks related to the Cover Pool and the Residential Mortgage Loans  
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage Loans in the 
Cover Pool, because it is expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will frequently change due to, for 
instance: 
• 
the Seller selling further Mortgage Loans (or types of loans, which are of a type that have not previously 
been comprised in the relevant Portfolio transferred to the Guarantor); and 
• 
the Seller repurchasing Mortgage Loans in accordance with the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
Therefore, the information received by Covered Bondholders may not reflect all and/or the most recent statistics 
or information in relation to the Mortgage Loans. 
However, each Mortgage Loan will be required to meet the Eligibility Criteria (see "Description of the Cover 
Pool — Eligibility Criteria") and will be subject to the representations and warranties set out in the Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement – see "Overview of the Programme Documents – Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement". In addition, the Nominal Value Test is intended to ensure that the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Cover Pool is at least equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for so 
long as Covered Bonds remain outstanding and the Test Calculation Agent will provide monthly reports that 
will set out certain information in relation to the Statutory Tests. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Following Default Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor, the realisable value of Eligible Assets comprised 
in the Cover Pool may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee) by: 
• 
default by Debtors of amounts due on their Mortgage Loans; 
• 
changes to the lending criteria of the Seller; 
• 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool; 
• 
Usury Law; 
• 
compounding interest;

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
• 
mortgage borrower protection; and 
• 
renegotiations of floating rate Mortgage Loans. 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the Statutory Tests, 
the Amortisation Test and the Eligibility Criteria are intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of 
Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool and moneys standing to the credit of the Accounts to enable the Guarantor to 
repay the Covered Bonds following an Issuer Event of Default, service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer 
and on the Guarantor and accordingly it is expected (although there is no assurance) that Eligible Assets and 
Top-Up Assets could be realised for sufficient prices to enable the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee.  
Default by Debtors in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans 
Debtors may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Loans for a variety of reasons. The Mortgage 
Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors influence mortgage delinquency 
rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as 
changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in 
tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political 
developments and government policies. Other factors in Debtors' individual, personal or financial circumstances 
may affect the ability of Debtors to repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce and other 
similar factors may lead to an increase in default by and bankruptcies of Debtors, and could ultimately have an 
adverse impact on the ability of Debtors to repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to 
sell a property given as security for Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under 
that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, 
the value of that property and property values in general at the time. Investors should be aware that the 
abovementioned circumstances may have a negative impact on the future cashflows of the Issuer and on its 
ability to pay interest and principal of the Covered Bonds. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Seller 
Each of the Mortgage Loans originated by the Seller will have been originated in accordance with its lending 
criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that the Seller's lending criteria will generally consider type of 
property, term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value ratio, mortgage indemnity guarantee policies, high 
loan-to-value fees, status of applicants and credit history. In the event of the sale or transfer of any Mortgage 
Loans to the Guarantor, the Seller will warrant that such Mortgage Loans were originated in accordance with the 
Seller's lending criteria applicable at the time of origination The Seller retains the right to revise its lending 
criteria from time to time subject to the terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. However, if such 
lending criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Mortgage Loans, that may lead to 
increased defaults by Debtors and may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool and the ability of the 
Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, it should be noted that Defaulted 
Receivables in the Cover Pool will be given a reduced weighting for the purposes of the calculation of the 
Statutory Tests and the Amortisation Test. 
The ability of the Guarantor to recover payments of interest and principal from the Mortgage Loans is subject to 
a number of legal risks. These include the risks set out below. 
Set-off risks 
The assignment of receivables under the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law is governed by article 58, 
paragraph 2, 3 and 4, of the Consolidated Banking Act. According to the prevailing interpretation of such 
provision, such assignment becomes enforceable against the relevant debtors as of the later of (i) the date of the 
publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (La Gazzetta Ufficiale 
della Repubblica Italiana), and (ii) the date of registration of the notice of assignment in the local Companies' 
Registry. Consequently, the rights of the Guarantor may be subject to the direct rights of the Debtors against the 
Seller or, as applicable the relevant Originator, including rights of set-off on claims arising existing prior to 
notification in the Official Gazette and registration at the local Companies' Registry. In addition, the exercise of

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
set-off rights by Debtors may adversely affect any sale proceeds of the Cover Pool and, ultimately, the ability of 
the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
Moreover, Destinazione Italia Decree introduced certain amendments to article 4 of Covered Bond Law. As a 
consequence of such amendments, it is now expressly provided by Covered Bond Law that the Debtors cannot 
exercise rights of set-off against the Covered Bonds Guarantor on claims arising vis-à-vis the Seller after the 
publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana). 
Usury Law 
Italian Law number 108 of 7 March 1996, as amended by law decree No. 70 of 13 May 2011 (the "Usury 
Law") introduced legislation preventing lenders from applying interest rates equal to or higher than rates (the 
"Usury Rates") set every three months on the basis of a Decree issued by the Italian Treasury. In addition, even 
where the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, interest and other advantages and/or remuneration may be 
held to be usurious if: (i) they are disproportionate to the amount lent (taking into account the specific 
circumstances of the transaction and the average rate usually applied for similar transactions) and (ii) the person 
who paid or agreed to pay was in financial and economic difficulties. The provision of usurious interest, 
advantages or remuneration has the same consequences as non-compliance with the Usury Rates. In certain 
judgements issued during 2000, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) ruled that the Usury Law 
applied both to loans advanced prior to and after the entry into force of the Usury Law.  
On 29 December 2000, the Italian Government issued law decree No. 394 (the “Decree 394”), converted into 
law by the Italian Parliament on 28 February 2001, which clarified the uncertainty about the interpretation of the 
Usury Law and provided, inter alia, that interest will be deemed to be usurious only if the interest rate agreed by 
the parties exceeded the Usury Rates at the time when the loan agreement or any other credit facility was 
entered into or the interest rate was agreed. The Decree 394, as interpreted by the Italian Constitutional Court by 
decision No. 29 of 14 February 2002, also provided that as an extraordinary measure due to the exceptional fall 
in interest rates in 1998 and 1999, interest rates due on instalments payable after 31 December 2000 on fixed 
rate loans (other than subsidised loans) already entered into on the date such decree came into force (such date 
being 31 December 2000) are to be substituted, except where the parties have agreed to more favourable terms, 
with a lower interest rate set in accordance with parameters fixed by such decree by reference to the average 
gross yield of multiannual treasury bonds (Buoni Tesoro Poliennali) in the period from January 1986 to October 
2000. 
According to recent court precedents of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione), the remuneration of 
any given financing must be below the applicable Usury Rate from time to time applicable. Based on this recent 
evolution of case law on the matter, it will constitute a breach of the Usury Law if the remuneration of a 
financing is lower than the applicable Usury Rate at the time the terms of the financing were agreed but 
becomes higher than the applicable Usury Rate at any point in time thereafter. Furthermore, those court 
precedents have also stated that default interest rates are relevant and must be taken into account when 
calculating the aggregate remuneration of any given financing for the purposes of determining its compliance 
with the applicable Usury Rate. That interpretation is in contradiction with the current methodology for 
determining the Usury Rates, considering that the relevant surveys aimed at calculating the applicable average 
rate never took into account the default interest rates. On 3 July 2013, also the Bank of Italy has confirmed in an 
official document that default interest rates should be taken into account for the purposes of the Statutory Usury 
Rates and has acknowledged that there is a discrepancy between the methods utilised to determine the 
remuneration of any given financing (which must include default rates) and the applicable Statutory Usury Rates 
against which the former must be compared. 
To solve such a contrast between different Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) decisions, a recent 
decision by the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 24675 dated 18 
July 2017) finally stated that interest rates which were compliant with the Usury Rate as at the time of the 
execution of the financing agreements but exceeded such threshold thereafter, are lawful also from a civil law 
perspective falling outside of the scope of the Usury Law.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
In addition, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 19597 dated 18 
September 2020) stated that, in order to assess whether a loan complies with the Usury Law, also default interest 
rates shall be included in the calculation of the remuneration to be compared with the Usury Rates. In this 
respect, should that remuneration be higher than the Usury Rates, only the ‘type’ of rate which determined the 
breach shall be deemed as null and void. As a consequence, the entire amount referable to the rate which 
determined the breach of said threshold shall be deemed as unenforceable according to the last interpretation of 
the Supreme Court.  
If the Usury Law were to be applied to the Receivables and the Mortgage Loan Agreements, the amount payable 
by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders may be subject to reduction, renegotiation or repayment. The 
occurrence of such event shall reduce the amount of collections and recoveries of the Issuer with a negative 
impact of its ability to pay interest and repay principal under the Covered Bonds. 
Compound interest 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of a monetary claim or receivable, accrued interest 
may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months or from the date when any legal proceedings are 
commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code allows 
derogation from this provision in the event that there are recognised customary practices to the contrary. Banks 
and other financial institutions in the Republic of Italy have traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a 
quarterly basis on the grounds that such practice could be characterised as a customary practice. However, a 
number of recent judgements from Italian courts (including judgements from the Italian Supreme Court (Corte 
di Cassazione) have held that such practices may not be defined as customary practices. Consequently if 
Debtors were to challenge this practice, it is possible that such interpretation of the Italian Civil Code would be 
upheld before other courts in the Republic of Italy and that the returns generated from the relevant Mortgage 
Loans may be prejudiced. Therefore, potential investors should be aware of the potential negative impact of 
application by the merits courts of such interpretation of the Italian Civil Code on the recoveries and cash flows 
of the Issuer. 
In this respect, it should be noted that Article 25, paragraph 3, of legislative decree No. 342 of 4 August 1999 
(“Decree No. 342”), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted pursuant to law No. 142 of 
19 February 1992, has considered the capitalisation of accrued interest (anatocismo) made by banks prior to the 
date on which it came into force (19 October 1999) to be valid. After such date, the capitalisation of accrued 
interest is no longer possible upon the terms established by a resolution of the CICR issued on 22 February 
2000. Law No. 342 has been challenged and decision No. 425 of 17 October 2000 of the Italian Constitutional 
Court has declared as unconstitutional under the provisions of Law No. 342 regarding the validity of the 
capitalisation of accrued interest made by banks prior to the date on which Law No. 342 came into force. 
Recently, article 17 bis of law decree 18 of 14 February 2016 as converted into Law no. 49 of 8 April 2016 
amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Banking Act, providing that the accrued interest shall not 
produce further interests, except for default interests, and are calculated exclusively on the principal amount. On 
8 August 2016, the decree no. 343 of 3 August 2016 issued by the Minister of Economy and Finance, in his 
quality of President of the CICR, implementing article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Law, has been 
published. Given the novelty of this new legislation and the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the 
impact of such new legislation may not be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus, and may have a 
potential negative impact on the Portfolio. Indeed, if Debtors were to challenge this practice, it is possible that 
such interpretation of the Italian civil code would be upheld before other courts in the Republic of Italy and that 
the returns generated from the relevant Mortgage Loans may be prejudiced. The occurrence of such event shall 
reduce the amount of collections and recoveries of the Guarantor with a negative impact of its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Please make reference to section “The Issuer” – Paragraph “Litigation on the matter of compound 
interest/usury” on page 161 of this Base Prospectus for further details in respect of the Issuer.  
Mortgage borrower protection

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Certain legislation enacted in Italy has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors and/or 
reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia, and as better regulated under the relevant applicable laws and 
regulations, (i) the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage loan, without incurring a penalty 
or, as applicable, at a reduced penalty rate, (ii) the right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with 
another mortgage loan, (iii) the right of first home-owners to suspend instalment payments under mortgage 
loans up to a maximum of two times and for a maximum aggregate period of 18 months, (iv) the right to 
suspend the payment of principal instalments relating to mortgage loans for a 12 months period, (v) the 
automatic suspension of instalment payments of mortgages and loans, up to certain periods, to residents, both 
individuals and businesses, in certain municipalities affected by environmental disasters and listed in the 
relevant laws and regulations. 
In addition to the above, following the COVID-19 outbreak in Italy, further measures have been adopted, aimed 
at sustaining income of employees, the self-employed, self-employed professionals, micro and small/medium 
enterprises, including suspension of instalments payment.  
The consequence of the above is that a material part of the Portfolio could be subject to suspension of payments, 
as consequence of which the Issuer may envisage certain negative impacts, which may not be predicted as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, including negative cash shortfalls which could affect the ability of the issuer to pay 
timely interest on the Covered Bonds and/or increase in the activities necessary for the servicing of the 
Portfolio.  
 
Renegotiations of floating rate Mortgage Loans 
Law Decree No. 93 of 27 May 2008 (“Law Decree 93”), converted into law No. 126 of 24 July 2008 (“Law 
126”) which came into force on 29 May 2008, regulates the renegotiation of floating rate mortgage loans 
granted for the purposes of purchasing, building or refurbishing real estate assets used as main houses. 
According to Law 126, the Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze (Minister of Economy and Finance) and the 
ABI entered into a convention providing for the procedures for the renegotiation of such floating rate mortgage 
loans (the “Convention”). 
The Convention applies to floating rate mortgage loan agreements entered into or taken over (accollati), also 
further to the parcelling (frazionamento) of the relevant mortgages, before 29 May 2008. Pursuant to the 
Convention, the instalments payable by a borrower under any of such mortgage loan agreements will be 
recalculated applying (a) a fixed interest rate (equal to the average of the floating rate interest rates applied 
under the relevant mortgage loan agreement during 2006) on the initial principal amount and for the original 
final maturity date of the relevant mortgage loan, or (b) if the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated 
or taken over (accollato) after 31 December 2006, the parameters used for the calculation of the first instalment 
due after the date on which the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated or taken over (accollato). The 
difference between the amount to be paid by the borrower as a result of such recalculation and the amount that 
the borrower would have paid on the basis of the original instalment plan will be (a) if negative, debited to a 
bank account on which interest will accrue in favour of the lender at the lower of (i) the rate equal to 10 (ten) 
IRS (interest rate swap) plus a spread of 0.50, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant to the relevant mortgage loan, 
each of them calculated, in a fixed amount, on the renegotiation date, or (b) if positive, credited to such bank 
account. After the original final maturity date of the mortgage loan, the outstanding debt on the bank account 
will be repaid by the borrower through constant instalments equal to the ones resulting from the renegotiation, 
and the amortisation plan will be determined on the basis of the lower of (a) the rate applicable on the bank 
account, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant to the relevant mortgage loan, as calculated, in a fixed amount, on 
the original final maturity date of the mortgage loan. 
The legislation referred to in each subparagraph above may constitute an adverse effect on the Cover Pool and, 
in particular, on any cash flow projections concerning the Cover Pool as well as on the over-collateralisation 
required. 
Mortgage Credit Directive

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
In Italy the Government has approved the Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 2016 (the “Mortgage 
Legislative Decree”), implementing the Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
4 February 2014 on credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the “Mortgage Credit 
Directive”) sets out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative 
provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for consumers secured by a mortgage or 
otherwise relating to residential immovable property.  
The Mortgage Legislative Decree clarifies that the new legal framework shall apply, inter alia, to (i) residential 
mortgage loans and (ii) loans relating to the purchase or preservation of the property rights on a residential 
immovable. 
Moreover such decree sets forth certain rules of correctness, diligence and transparency and information 
undertakings applicable to the lenders and intermediaries which offer loans to the consumers and provides that 
without prejudice to article 2744 of Italian civil code, the parties may expressly agree in a specific clause at the 
closing of a loan agreements that in case of breach of the borrower’s payment obligations under the agreement 
(i.e. non- payment of an amount equal to eighteen loan instalments due and payable by the debtor) the transfer 
or the sale of the mortgaged assets has as a consequence that the entire debt is settled even if the value of the 
assets or the proceeds deriving from the sale of the assets is lower than the remaining amount due by the debtor 
in relation to the loan. Otherwise if the estimated value of the assets or the proceeds deriving from the sale of the 
assets is higher than the remaining amount due by the debtor, the excess amount shall be returned to the 
consumer. According to the Mortgage Legislative Decree the Bank of Italy and the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance shall enact implementing provisions of such decree. In this respect, on 30 September 2016, the Bank of 
Italy has amended the supervisory regulations on transparency and correctness in the relationships between 
intermediaries and clients (disposizioni di vigilanza in materia di trasparenza delle operazioni e dei servizi 
bancari e finanziari; correttezza delle relazioni tra intermediari e clienti) of 29 July 2009, as subsequently 
amended, in order to implement the transparency provisions of laid down by the Mortgage Credit Directive and 
by the Mortgage Credit Legislative Decree, while on January 2018 the Ministry of Economy and Finance has 
submitted to public consultation the draft of the Interministerial Decree implementing the Mortgage Legislative 
Decree. The final version of the Interministerial Decree has not yet been published 
Given the novelty of this new legislation and the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the impact of 
such new legislation may not be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given that the implementation of the Mortgage Legislative Decree will not adversely affect 
the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Realisation of assets following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and to apply 
the proceeds deriving from the realisation of the Cover Pool towards payment of all secured obligations in 
accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, as described in the section entitled "Cashflows" 
below. 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Cover Pool will be in an amount sufficient to repay 
all amounts due to creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the Covered Bonds and the Programme 
Documents. If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor then the Covered Bonds may be repaid 
sooner or later than expected or not at all. Investors should therefore be aware that following the occurrence of a 
Guarantor Event of Default the Guarantor may not be able to repay all amounts due under the Covered Bonds. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Limited secondary market

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
There is, at present, a secondary market for the Covered Bonds but it is neither active nor liquid, and there can 
be no assurance that an active or liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds will develop. The Covered 
Bonds have not been, and will not be, offered to any persons or entities in the United States of America or 
registered under any securities laws and are subject to certain restrictions on the resale and other transfers 
thereof as set forth under section entitled "Subscription and Sale". If an active or liquid secondary market 
develops, it may not continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or it may not provide Covered Bondholders with 
liquidity of investment with the result that a Covered Bondholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its 
Covered Bonds readily or at prices that will enable the Covered Bondholder to realise a desired yield. Illiquidity 
may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. In addition, Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated market and, in these circumstances, 
pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market prices of such Covered Bonds 
may be adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell its Covered Bonds at any 
time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Covered Bonds might additionally be restricted by country 
specific reasons. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered 
Bonds, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (3) the 
Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. Government and monetary authorities may 
impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange 
rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Covered Bonds. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Controls over the transaction 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require certain controls to be performed by the Issuer aimed at, inter alia, 
mitigating the risk that any obligation of the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds is not complied 
with. Whilst the Issuer believes it has implemented the appropriate policies and controls in compliance with the 
relevant requirements, investors should note that there is no assurance that such compliance ensures that the 
aforesaid controls are actually performed and that any failure to properly implement the respective policies and 
controls could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's or the Guarantor's ability to perform their obligations under 
the Covered Bonds. 
Changes of law 
The structure of the Programme and the issue of the Covered Bonds is based on Italian law (and, in the case of 
the Swap Agreements and the Deed of Charge, English law) in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to Italian or English law or administrative 
practice or to the law applicable to any Programme Document and to administrative practices in the relevant 
jurisdiction. Except to the extent that any such changes represent a significant new factor or result in this Base 
Prospectus containing a material mistake or inaccuracy, in each case which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer and the Guarantor will be under no obligation to update this Base 
Prospectus to reflect such changes. 
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the European Union: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the 
issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 
2014/59/EU (the “Directive”); and 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds (the 
“Regulation”).  
(iii) 
The Regulation and the Directive amend certain provisions of the CRR on covered bonds and introduce 
standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. More in particular, the 
new Regulation makes certain amendments to the CRR to strengthen the quality of the covered bonds 
eligible for favorable capital treatment, and the new Directive aims to harmonize the regulation and 
treatment of covered bonds across EU Member States. 
(iv) 
The Directive should have been implemented by 8 July 2021 and the transposing provisions will apply 
from 8 July 2022 at the latest. The implementation in many Member States has not yet completed. The 
Regulation shall apply from 8 July 2022. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not capable of assessing the impact that the application of 
the above provisions will have on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Covered Bonds. 
Regulatory framework 
The Issuer is subject to a complex and strict regulation, as well as to the supervisory activity performed by the 
relevant institutions (in particular, the European Central Bank, the Bank of Italy and CONSOB). Both 
aforementioned regulation and supervisory activity are subject, respectively, to continuous updates and practice 
developments. 
Furthermore, the Issuer is required to comply with further provisions issued by CONSOB. 
The Issuer, besides the supranational and national rules and the primary or regulatory rules of the financial and 
banking sector, is also subject to specific rules on anti-money laundering, usury and consumer protection. 
Although the Issuer undertakes to comply with the set of rules and regulations, any changes of the rules and/or 
changes of the interpretation and/or implementation of the same by the competent authorities could give rise to 
new burdens and obligations for the Issuer, with possible negative impacts on the operational results and the 
economic and financial situation of the Issuer. 
For further details, please see the "Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer" on page 161 of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section constitutes an overview of the structure relating to the Programme. The following overview does 
not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same 
meaning in this overview. 
Structure Diagram 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
           Proceeds        
   Covered Bonds (Series) 
 
 
 
SWAP  Provider(s) 
 
POPSO Covered Bond Srl 
(Guarantor) 
 
BPS (Issuer) 
Covered Bondholders 
Guarantee 
Representative of 
the Covered 
Bondholders 
BPS (Seller) 
Transfer of Assets 
and Subordinated 
Loan 
Purchase Price and 
Repayment of 
Subordinated Loan 
Asset Monitor

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following information, which has 
been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and which have been or 
are filed with the CSSF: 
(a) 
Issuer’s audited consolidated and separate (non-consolidated) financial statements of the Issuer and the 
relevant auditor’s reports at 31 December 2019, available here.  
(b) 
Issuer’s audited consolidated and separate (non-consolidated) financial statements and the relevant audit 
reports of the Issuer at 31 December 2020, available here. 
(c) 
Issuer’s consolidated non-financial report at 31 December 2020 and the relevant auditor’s report, 
available here. 
(d) 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year financial report as at 30 June 2021 and the relevant auditor’s 
review report, available here  
(e) 
Guarantor’s Financial Statements as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2019, available here:  
(f) 
Guarantor’s Audit report in respect to the Financial Statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year 
ended on 31 December 2019, available here. 
(g) 
Guarantor’s Financial Statements as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2020, available here. 
(h) 
Guarantor’s Audit report in respect to the Financial Statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year 
ended on 31 December 2020, available here. 
(i) 
Base Prospectus approved on 31 July 2020, available here; 
(j) 
Press release “Information on the evolution of the transformation process of Banca Popolare Sondrio 
into a joint-stock company based on Law 24th of March 2015, no. 33” published on 1 June 2021, 
available here. 
(k) 
Press release headed “Banca Popolare di Sondrio: the results of the 2021 ECB/SSM stress test confirm 
the Group's capital strength both in the baseline and in the adverse scenario” published on 30 July 2021, 
available here.  
(l) 
Press release “Forfeiture of a Board Member” published on 5 October 2021, available here. 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for: (i) the statements, the notes, including the accounting 
policies and the independent auditor’s report relating to the consolidated and separate (non-consolidated) 
financial statetememts of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019; (ii) the 
consolidated non-financial report at 31 December 2020 and the relevant auditor’s report: (iii) the statements, the 
notes and the independent auditor’s review report relating to the unaudited interim condensed consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer as at and for six months ended on 30 June 2021; and (iv) the statements, the 
notes, including the accounting policies and the independent auditor’s reports relating to the financial statements 
of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2020 and 2019.  
The audited consolidated and separate (non-consolidated) financial statements referred to above, together with 
the independent auditor’s reports thereon, and the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial 
statements are available both in the original in Italian language and in English language. The English language 
versions represent a direct translation from the Italian language documents. The Issuer and the Guarantor are 
responsible for the English translations of the financial reports incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
as applicable and declare that such is an accurate and not misleading translation in all material respects of the 
Italian language version of the Issuer's and Guarantor's financial reports. 
Copies of the the Issuer’s financial statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be 
obtained from the registered office of the Issuer and the Issuer's website (http://www.popso.it). This Base 
Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference will also be available on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's web site (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Cross-reference List 
The following tables show, inter alia, the information required under Annex 7 of the Prospectus Regulation (in 
respect of the Issuer and the Guarantor) that can be found in the above-mentioned financial statements 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
 
Issuer’s Financial Statements and Reports 
Audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the 
years ended on 31 December 2020 and 2019 
 
2020 
2019 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Page  418-419 
392 - 393 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 
420 
394 
Statement of Consolidated Comprehensive Income 
Page 
421 
395 
Statement of Changes in Consolidated Equity 
Pages 
422-423 
396 - 397 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Pages 
424-425 
398 - 399 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 
427-598 
401 - 569 
Auditor’s Report on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
Pages 
602-608 of 
6181 
572 - 577 
Separate (Non-consolidated) financial statements as at and for the 
Years ended on 31 December 2020 and 2019  
 
2020 
2019 
Balance Sheet 
Pages  168-169 
146 - 174 
Income Statement 
Page 
170 
148 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 
171 
149 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 
172-173 
150 - 151 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Pages 
174-175 
152 - 153 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages  177-354 
155 – 329  
Attachments to the Financial Statements 
Pages 
355-379 
331 - 355 
Auditor’s Report on the separate financial statements of the Issuer 
Pages 
384-389 of 
6182 
358 - 393 
Consolidated non-financial report at 31 December 2020 
Letter to stakeholders 
Methodological note 
Key figures 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio: who we are and what we do 
Sustainable economic performance 
Sustainable management of our environmental impacts 
 
Pages 13-16 
Pages 17-28 
Page  29 
 Pages 30-77 
Pages 78-158 
Pages 159-172 
 
1 Page reference is made to pdf format of the document. 
2 Page reference is made to pdf format of the document. 
Document 
Page numbers

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
Report of the independent auditors 
Pages 175-177 
of 1803 
 
Unaudited consolidated half-year financial report as at and for the six 
months ended 30 June 2021 
 
Information on Operations 
Pages 11-53 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Pages 56-57 
Consolidated Income Statement  
Page 58 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  
Page 59 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 60-61 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 159-164 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 65-152 
Auditor’s review report 
Pages 154-156 
Financial Statements of the Parent Company at 30 June 2021 
Pages 157-161 
 
 
Guarantor’s Financial Statements as of and for the year ended 31 
December 2020 
 
Balance Sheet 
Pages 9-10 
Income Statement 
Pages 11-12 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page  13 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 14 
Statement of Cash Flows 
Pages 15-16 
Explanatory Notes 
Pages 17-56 
Auditor’s report on the Financial Statements of the Guarantor as at 
and for the years ended on 31 December 2020 
Entire Document 
 
 
Guarantor’s Financial Statements as at and for the year ended on 31 
December 2019 
 
 
Balance Sheet 
Page  8 
Income Statement 
Page  10 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 
11 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 
12 
Statement of Cash Flow 
Page 
13 
Explanatory Notes 
Pages 
15 - 53 
Auditor’s report on the Financial Statements of the Guarantor as at 
                      Entire Document 
 
3 Page reference is made to pdf format of the document.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
and for the years ended on 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
Press release headed “Information on the evolution of the transformation 
process of Banca Popolare Sondrio into a joint-stock company based on Law 
24th of March 2015, no. 33” 
Entire Document 
Press release headed “Banca Popolare di Sondrio: the results of the 2021 
ECB/SSM stress test confirm the Group's capital strength both in the baseline 
and in the adverse scenario” 
Entire Document 
Press release headed “Forfeiture of a Board Member” 
Entire Document 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds the Rules of the Organization of the Covered Bondholders 
set out under the Base Prospectus approved on 31 July 2020 
 
The following table shows, inter alia, the information that can be found in the above-mentioned documents 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
 
Base prospectus approved on 31 July 2020 
 
Terms and Conditions of Covered Bonds  
Pages 62 - 104 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
Pages 105 - 126 
 
The terms and conditions and the rules of the organisation of the covered bondholders set out under the base 
prospectus 
approved 
on 
31 
July 
2020 
are 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/files/COBO_Base_Prospectus__2020_07_31%20%281%29_1.pdf  
 
The information contained in the documents that is not included in the cross-reference list above is either not 
relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in the Prospectus.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer has undertaken, in connection with the listing of the Covered Bonds on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, that if there shall occur any adverse change in the business or financial position 
of the Issuer or any change in the information set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”, that 
is material in the context of issuance of Covered Bonds under the Programme, the Issuer will prepare or procure 
the preparation of a supplement to this Base Prospectus or, as the case may be, publish a new Base Prospectus, 
for use in connection with any subsequent issue by the Issuer of Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS  
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the "Conditions" and, each of them, 
a "Condition"). In these Conditions, references to the "holder" of Covered Bonds and to the "Covered 
Bondholders" are to the ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds. The Covered Bond will be held by Monte Titoli 
(as defined below) on behalf of the Covered Bondholders until redemption and cancellation for the account of 
each relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Clearstream and Euroclear. 
The Covered Bonds will at all times be in book entry form and title to the bonds be evidenced by book entries 
with Monte Titoli in accordance with the provisions of (i) Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 
and (ii) the joint regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the 
Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. 
The Covered Bondholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit of, inter 
alia, the terms of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders attached to, and forming part of, these 
Conditions. In addition, the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds may specify 
issue-specific details not known on the date of approval which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the Conditions, complete the Conditions for the purpose of such Tranche. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. (“BPS” or the "Issuer") has established a Covered Bond 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to Euro 5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of covered bonds (the "Covered Bonds") guaranteed by POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. (the 
"Guarantor"). Covered Bonds are issued pursuant to Article 7-bis of Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Securitisation and Covered Bond Law"), 
Ministerial Decree No. 310 of the Ministry for the Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time ("Decree No. 310") and Part III, Chapter 3 of the 
“Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as amended and 
supplemented from time to time (the "Bank of Italy Regulations"). 
(b) 
Final Terms 
Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more 
tranches (each a "Tranche") of Covered Bonds. Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (the "Final 
Terms") which completes these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Each Series of Covered Bonds is the subject of a guarantee dated 22 July 2014 (the "Covered Bond 
Guarantee") entered into by the Guarantor for the purpose of guaranteeing the payments due from the 
Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds of all Series issued under the Programme and to the Other Issuer 
Creditors. The Covered Bond Guarantee will be collateralised by a cover pool constituted by certain 
assets assigned from time to time to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement (as 
defined below) and in accordance with the provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, 
Decree No. 310 and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
(d) 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreement 
In respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Relevant Dealer(s) (as 
defined below) has or have agreed to subscribe for the Covered Bonds and pay the Issuer the issue price 
specified in the Final Terms for the Covered Bonds on the Issue Date under the terms of a programme 
agreement dated 22 July 2014 (the "Programme Agreement") between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Seller, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the dealer(s) named therein (the "Dealers"), 
as supplemented (if applicable) by a subscription agreement entered into by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) on or around the date of the relevant Final Terms (the

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
"Subscription Agreement"). In the Programme Agreement, the Dealers have appointed Banca 
Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. as representative of the Covered Bondholders (in such capacity, the 
"Representative of the Covered Bondholders"), as described in Condition 12 (Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders). 
(e) 
Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement 
In a mandate agreement with Monte Titoli S.p.A. ("Monte Titoli") (the "Monte Titoli Mandate 
Agreement"), Monte Titoli has agreed to provide the Issuer with certain depository and administration 
services in relation to the Covered Bonds. 
(f) 
Master Definitions Agreement 
In a master definitions agreement dated 22 July 2014 (the "Master Definitions Agreement") between 
certain of the parties to each of the Programme Documents (as defined below), the definitions of certain 
terms used in the Programme Documents have been agreed. 
(g) 
The Covered Bonds 
Except where stated otherwise, all subsequent references in these Conditions to "Covered Bonds" are to 
the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms, but all references to "each Series 
of Covered Bonds" are to (i) the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms and 
(ii) each other Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme which remains outstanding from 
time to time. 
(h) 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
The Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders are attached to, and form an integral part of, 
these Conditions. References in these Conditions to the "Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders" include such rules as from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions 
contained therein and any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
(i) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Programme Documents and are subject to 
their detailed provisions. Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are 
deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Programme Documents and the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders applicable to them. Copies of the Programme Documents are 
available for inspection by the Covered Bondholders during normal business hours at the registered 
office of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders from time to time and, where applicable, at the 
Specified Offices of the Issuer Paying Agent (as defined below). 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
Unless defined under Condition 1 (Introduction) above, in these Conditions the following expressions 
have the following meanings: 
"Accounts" means, collectively, the Guarantor Payments Account, the Collection Account, the Reserve 
Fund Account, the Collateral Cash Swap Account, the Collateral Securities Swap Account and any other 
account opened from time to time in connection with the Programme. 
"Account Bank" means BNP Paribas Securities Services, Milan Branch, in its capacity as account bank, 
or any other depositary institution that may be appointed as such pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Account Bank Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Account Bank to the 
Guarantor, the Seller, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
“Account Bank Report Date” means the date falling on the 5th Business Day of each month. 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.3.1 
(Nominal Value) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Agents” means each of the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Test Calculation Agent, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent and the Corporate 
Servicer. 
“Amortisation Test” means the test which will be carried out pursuant clause 3 (Amortisation Test) of 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement in order to ensure, inter alia, that, on each Test Calculation Date 
following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice (but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice), the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount will be in an amount at least equal to the 
principal amount of the issued Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Test Calculation Date. 
“Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 3.2 
(Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Arrangers" means BNP Paribas and Banca Finint. 
“Article 74 Event" means, in respect of the Issuer, the issue of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
"Article 74 Event Cure Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor informing that an Article 74 
Event has been revoked.  
“Asset Monitor” means BDO Italia S.p.A., acting in its capacity as asset monitor, or any other entity 
that may be appointed as such pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
“Asset Monitor Agreement” means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the date hereof 
between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer. 
"Asset Swap Agreements" means any asset swap agreement that may be entered into between the 
Guarantor and a counterparty under the Asset Swap Agreement. 
“Asset Swap Provider” means counterparty under the Asset Swap Agreement that may be entered into. 
“Back-up Servicer” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any other entity which may be 
appointed by the Guarantor, with the approval by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
pursuant to Clause 7 (Back-Up Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement. 
“Back-up Servicing Agreement” means the back-up servicing agreement entered into, inter alios, by the 
Guarantor and the Back-up Servicer on 5 August 2019 and any other back-up servicing agreement which 
may be entered into by the Guarantor in the context of the Programme. 
“Banca Popolare di Sondrio Group” means a banking group whose structure includes Banca Popolare 
di Sondrio S.c.p.A. as parent company. 
"Bank of Italy Regulations" (Regolamento della Banca d’Italia) means the regulations relating to 
covered bonds contained in Part III, Chapter 3 of “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” (Circolare 
No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Bankruptcy Law" means Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March 1942 as amended from time to time. 
“Base Interest” means the interest payable by the Guarantor to the Subordinated Lender in accordance 
with the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Base Prospectus" means the Base Prospectus prepared in connection with the issue of the Covered

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Bonds and the establishment and any update of the Programme, as supplemented from time to time. 
"Beneficiaries" means the Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer's Creditors as beneficiaries of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. 
“Business Day” means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real Time Gross Transfer 
System (TARGET 2) (or any successor thereto) is open. 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the Relevant Date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the Relevant Date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the Relevant Date shall be brought back to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that each 
Relevant Date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(a) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month; 
(b) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; 
and 
(c) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in 
which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the Relevant Date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Calculation Date” means both prior to and after the delivery of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, 
the date falling on the second Business Day immediately preceding each Guarantor Payment Date. 
“Calculation Period” means each Collection Period and, after the delivery of a Test Performance Report 
assessing that a breach of Test has occurred, each period beginning on (and including) the first day of the 
month and ending on (and including) the last day of the same calendar month until such time the relevant 
breach of Test has been cured or otherwise remedied in accordance with the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement). 
"Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement" means the cash allocation, management 
and payments agreement, entered into on or about the date hereof between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Cash Manager, the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent and the Account Bank.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg. 
"Collateral Security" means any security (including any loan mortgage insurance and excluding 
Mortgages) granted to the Seller by any Debtor in order to guarantee or secure the payment and/or 
repayment of any amounts due under the relevant Mortgages Loan Agreement. 
"Collection Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Account Bank, IBAN IT 54 L 03479 01600 000800951300, or such other substitute account as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Collection Date" means the last calendar day of March, June, September and December of each year. 
“Collection Period” means each quarterly period commencing on (and including) the first calendar day 
of January, April, July and October of each year and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of 
March, June, September and December and, in the case of the first Collection Period, commencing on 
(and including) the Initial Valuation Date and ending on (and including) the last day of September 2014 
(included). 
"Collections" means all amounts received or recovered by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables 
comprised in the Cover Pool.  
"Commercial Assets" means the Real Estate Assets with respect to Commercial Mortgage Loans. 
"Commercial Mortgage Loan" means “crediti ipotecari commerciali” – as defined under article 1, sub-
paragraph 1, letter (c) of Decree No. 310 – having the features set forth under article 2, sub-paragraph 1, 
letter (b) of Decree No. 310. 
"Commercial Mortgage Loan Agreement" means any mortgage loan agreement out of which 
Receivables arise and secured by mortgage over Commercial Assets. 
"Commingling Amount" means (a) if no Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred or is outstanding an 
amount equal to 0 (zero) or (b) if an Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred and is outstanding, an 
amount calculated by the Issuer on a monthly basis equal to the maximum of the total amount of 
Collections and Recoveries expected to be credited to the Collection Account on the following 6 (six) 
calendar months and considering a 10 per cent cumulative prepayment ratio. 
“Conditions” means this terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds and "Condition" means a clause of 
them. 
“CONSOB” means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
“Consolidated Banking Act” means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
“Corporate Services Agreement means the corporate services agreement entered into on or about 30 
May 2014, between the Guarantor and the Corporate Servicer, pursuant to which the Corporate Servicer 
will provide certain administration services to the Guarantor. 
“Covered Bonds” means any and all the covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) issued or to be 
issued by the Issuer pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Programme Agreement. 
“Covered Bond Guarantee” means the guarantee issued by the Guarantor for the purpose of 
guaranteeing the payments due by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer’s 
Creditors, in accordance with the provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, Decree No. 
310 and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
"Covered Bondholders" means the holders from time to time of Covered Bonds, title to which is 
evidenced in the manner described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title). 
"Covered Bond Instalment Amount" means the principal amount of a Series of Covered Bonds to be 
redeemed on a Covered Bond Instalment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
"Covered Bond Instalment Date" means a date on which a principal instalment is due on a Series of 
Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Covered Bond 
Instalment Date, the date falling seven Business Days after such Covered Bond Instalment Date; 
“Cover Pool” means the cover pool constituted by, collectively, any Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets 
held by the Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, the 
Decree No. 310 and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
“Cover Pool Management Agreement” means the cover pool management agreement entered into, on 
or about the date hereof between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Credit and Collection Policy" means the procedures for the management, collection and recovery of 
the Receivables attached as Schedule 1 (Procedure di Riscossione) to the Servicing Agreement. 
"Dealer(s)" means BNP Paribas, Banca Akros S.p.A., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., Natixis, Société Générale, 
UniCredit Bank AG, Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A., UBS Europe SE, Erste Group Bank AG, 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG, KBC Bank NV and any other entity which may be nominated as such 
by the Issuer upon execution of a letter in the terms or substantially in the terms set out in schedule 6 
(Form of Dealer Accession Letter) to the Programme Agreement. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Relevant Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final 
Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA) " is so specified, means: 
(A) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it 
falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
1. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
2. 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
(v) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
(
)
(
)
[
]
360
30
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and 
D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
(
) (
)
[
]
360
30
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
(
) (
)
[
]
360
30
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
"Y1" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
"Y2" 
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" 
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" 
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 
31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" 
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from 
and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period. 
"Debtor" means any borrower and any other person, other than a Mortgagor, who entered into a 
Mortgage Loan Agreement as principal debtor or guarantor or who is liable for the payment or 
repayment of amounts due in respect of a Mortgage Loan, as a consequence, inter alia, of having granted 
any Collateral Security or having assumed the borrower's obligation pursuant to a Mortgage Loan 
Agreement under an accollo, or otherwise. 
"Decree No. 239" means Italian Legislative Decree number 239 of 1 April 1996. 
"Decree No. 310" means the ministerial decree No. 310 of 14 December 2006 issued by the Ministry of 
the Economy and Finance. 
"Deed of Charge" means the English law deed of charge that may be entered into between the Guarantor 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and 
the Other Creditors) in order to charge the rights arising under the Swap Agreements.  
“Deed of Pledge” means the Italian law deed of pledge entered into, on or about the date hereof, 
between, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf 
of the Covered Bondholders and of the Other Creditors). 
“Defaulted Receivable” means any Receivables which has been for at least 180 consecutive days In 
Arrears, or which has been classified as a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
“Defaulting Party” has the meaning ascribed to that term in the relevant Swap Agreement. 
“Delinquent Loan” means any Mortgage Loan in relation to which there are 1 (one) or more Delinquent 
Receivables. 
“Delinquent Receivable” means any Receivable in respect of which there are 1 (one) or more 
Instalments due and not paid by the relevant Debtor for more than 30 days and which has not been 
classified as Defaulted Receivable. 
“Determination Date” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds” means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has or have 
the earliest Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an Extended Maturity 
Date) or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an Extended 
Maturity Date) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount 
of such Series. 
“Eligible Assets” means the following assets contemplated under article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of Decree 
No. 310: 
(i) 
the Residential Mortgage Loans; 
(ii) 
the Commercial Mortgage Loans; 
(iii) 
the Public Entity Receivables; and 
(iv) 
the Public Entity Securities. 
“Eligible Institution” means any bank organised under the laws of any country which is a member of the 
European Union or of the United States (to the extent that United States are a country for which a 0% 
risk weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – 
standardised approach), (i) whose short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations are rated at least "F1" by Fitch and (ii) whose long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least “A" by Fitch or any other lower rating that do not affect 
the current rating of the outstanding Covered Bonds, provided however that any such bank qualifies for 
the “credit quality step 1” pursuant to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR unless (a) it is an entity in the 
european union and (b) the exposure vis-à-vis such bank have a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-
hundred) days, in which case it may qualify for the “credit quality step 2” pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) 
of the CRR. 
"Eligible Investment" means any senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt instruments 
(including without limitation, commercial paper, certificate of deposits and bonds) which: 
a) 
are denominated in Euro; 
b) 
have a maturity not exceeding the next following Eligible Investment Maturity Date or which are 
repayable on demand at par together with accrued and unpaid interest, without penalty; 
c) 
(except in case of deposits) are in the form of bonds, notes, commercial papers or other financial 
instruments (i) rated at least A and/or F1 by Fitch, if the relevant maturity is up to the earlier of 
the next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 30 calendar days, or (ii) rated AA- and/or F1+ by 
Fitch, if the relevant maturity is up to mature the earlier of the next Eligible Investment Maturity 
Date and 365 calendar days; or 
d) 
in the case of a deposits, to the extent that such deposit are held by (i) an Eligible Institution at its 
branch located in the Republic of Italy or in the United Kingdom if the relevant maturity is up to 
the earlier of the next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 30 calendar days or (ii) any 
depository institution located in the Republic of Italy or in the United Kingdom rated AA- and/or 
F1+ by Fitch, if the relevant maturity is up to mature the earlier of the next Eligible Investment 
Maturity Date and 365 calendar days, 
provided that (i) such Eligible Investment shall not prejudice the rating assigned to each Series of 
Covered Bond and shall provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than 
the initially invested amount), (ii) in any event such debt securities or other debt instruments do not 
consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially of credit-linked notes or similar claims nor may any 
amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in asset-backed 
securities, irrespective of their subordination, status, or ranking at any time, and (iii) the relevant 
exposure qualifies for the “credit quality step 1” pursuant to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR or, in case of 
exposure vis-à-vis an entity in the european union which has a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-hundred) 
days, it may qualify for “credit quality step 2” pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) of the CRR. 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro-Zone Inter-Bank offered rate for Euro deposits, as determined from time 
to time pursuant to the Programme Documents.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
“Euro”, “€” and “EUR” refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which 
adopt the single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.. 
“Euro Equivalent” means has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other Definitions) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“European Economic Area” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union 
which adopt the Euro in accordance with the Treaty. 
"Excess Receivables" means, in relation to the Cover Pool and on each Test Calculation Date, those 
Receivables the aggregate Outstanding Principal of which is equal to: (i) any amount by reason of which 
the Portfolios comprised in the Cover Pool are in excess (as nominal value, interest coverage and net 
present value) of any Eligible Assets necessary to satisfy all Tests on the relevant Test Calculation Date; 
minus (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Principal of those Receivables indicated by the Servicer as Affected 
Receivables pursuant to the provisions of clause 8.1 (Payment of Indemnity) of the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement.  
"Expiry Date" means the date falling one year and one day after the date on which all Series of Covered 
Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance 
with their terms and conditions. 
"Expenses" means any documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid to any third party 
creditors (other than the Covered Bondholders, the Other Issuer’s Creditors and the Other Creditors) 
arising in connection with the Programme, and required to be paid (as determined in accordance with the 
Corporate Services Agreement) in order to preserve the existence of the Guarantor or to comply with 
applicable laws and legislation. 
"Expenses Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Expenses Account Bank, IBAN IT 12 V 01030 61621 000001331796, or such other substitute 
account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
"Expenses Account Bank" means Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. in its capacity of account 
bank for the Expenses Account and the Quota Capital Account or any such other depositary institution as 
may be appointed pursuant to the Programme Documents. 
"Extended Instalment Date" means the date on which a principal instalment in relation to a Series of 
Covered Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant Covered Bond 
Instalment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Extended Maturity Date" means the date on which final redemption payments in relation to a specific 
Series of Covered Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant Maturity 
Date in accordance with the relevant Final Terms.  
"Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date falling 
seven Business Days after (and including) the Maturity Date of such Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Rules of Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders attached to these Conditions. 
“Final Maturity Date” means the date on which all the Series of Covered Bond are redeemed in full or 
cancelled.  
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount 
of such Series. 
"Final Terms" means, in relation to any issue of any Series of Covered Bonds, the relevant terms 
contained in the applicable Programme Documents and, in case of any Series of Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to listing, the final terms submitted to the appropriate listing authority on or before the Issue

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Date of the applicable Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Financial Law Consolidated Act” means Legislative Decree number 58 of 24 February 1998 as 
amended from time to time. 
“First Interest Payment Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“First Issue Date” means the date of issuance of the first Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Guaranteed Amounts” means the amounts due from time to time from the Issuer to (i) the Covered 
Bondholders with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds (excluding any additional amounts payable to 
the Covered Bondholders under Condition 9(a) (Gross-up by the Issuer)) and (ii) the Other Issuer 
Creditors pursuant to the relevant Programme Documents. 
“Guaranteed Obligations” means the Issuer's payments obligations with respect to the Guaranteed 
Amounts. 
"Guarantee Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor 
Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice, but prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, in accordance with the terms of 
the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Guarantor" means POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l., acting in its capacity as guarantor pursuant to the 
Covered Bond Guarantee.  
“Guarantor Available Funds” means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the Principal 
Available Funds. 
“Guarantor Calculation Agent” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. acting as guarantor 
calculation agent, or any such other institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement; 
“Guarantor Default Notice” means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Guarantor upon the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default. 
“Guarantor Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(d) (Guarantor Events of 
Default).  
"Guarantor Paying Agent" means BNP Paribas Securities Services, Milan Branch, acting in its 
capacity as guarantor paying agent, or any such other institution as may be appointed pursuant to the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Guarantor Payment Date” means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date 
falling on the 22nd day of January, April, July and October of each year or, if such day is not a Business 
Day, the immediately following Business Day and the First Guarantor Payment Date will be 22 October 
2014; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, any day on which any payment is 
required to be made by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments, the relevant Final Terms and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Guarantor Payment Period” means any period commencing on (and including) a Guarantor Payment 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date. 
“Guarantor Payments Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor and held with the Account Bank, IBAN IT 08 N 03479 01600 000800951302 or such other 
substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
“In Arrears” means, in respect of any Mortgage Loans, any amount which has become due and payable 
by the relevant obligor or guarantor but has remained unpaid for more than five consecutive Business 
Days.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
"Initial Portfolio" means the initial portfolio of Receivables, comprising Eligible Assets, purchased by 
the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Insolvency Event" means in respect of any company, entity, or corporation that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, 
administration, insolvency, composition with creditors or insolvent reorganisation (including, 
without limitation, "fallimento", "liquidazione coatta amministrativa", "concordato preventivo", 
“accordi di ristrutturazione” and (other than in respect of the Issuer) "amministrazione 
straordinaria", each such expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, winding-up, insolvent reorganisation, 
dissolution, administration) or similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of such company, entity or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any 
procedure having a similar effect (other than in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets 
purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of further programme of issuance of Covered 
Bonds), unless in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in this 
respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed in 
good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) above is made in respect 
of or by such company or corporation or such proceedings are otherwise initiated against such 
company, entity or corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), the 
commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable 
prospect of success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or deferment of any of its 
obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Programme 
Documents) or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness 
or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of payments (other 
than, in respect of the Issuer, the issuance of a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act); or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution 
in any form of such company, entity or corporation or any of the events under article 2484 of the 
Italian Civil Code occurs with respect to such company, entity or corporation (except in any such 
case a winding-up or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation, 
merger, corporate reorganization or reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously 
approved in writing by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or analogous 
to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or corporation is deemed 
to carry on business. 
“Insolvency Official” means the official receiver appointed in the context of any insolvency procedure 
which may be opened following the occurrence of an Insolvency Event. 
"Instalment" means with respect to each Mortgage Loan Agreement, each instalment due from the 
relevant Debtor thereunder and which consists of an Interest Instalment and a Principal Instalment or 
consists of an Interest Instalment only. 
“Insurance Companies” means the companies with whom the Insurance Policies are held. 
“Insurance Policies” means the insurance policies taken out with the Insurance Companies in relation to 
each Real Estate Asset and each Mortgage Loan. 
“Intercreditor Agreement” means the intercreditor agreement entered into, on or about the date hereof

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
between the Guarantor and the Other Creditors. 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and an Interest Period, the amount 
of interest payable in respect of that Series for that Interest Period. 
“Interest Available Funds” means, in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
interest collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into the Collection 
Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(b) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and fees received by the Servicer and credited to the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(c) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the 
Accounts (excluding the Swap Collateral Cash Account and the Swap Collateral Securities 
Account) during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date;  
(d) 
all interest deriving from the Eligible Investments made with reference to the immediately 
preceding Collection Period; 
(e) 
any payment received on or immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment Date from any Swap 
Provider other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts and any principal payments under 
the Swap Agreements; 
(f) 
all interest amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement; 
(g) 
the Reserve Fund Amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Fund Account; and 
(h) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Guarantor 
Available Funds and other than any principal amounts) received by the Guarantor from any 
party to the Programme Documents; and 
(i) 
interest amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Coverage Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.3 (Interest Coverage Test) 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
 “Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Instalment" means the interest component of each Instalment. 
"Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case). 
“Investors Report Date” means 2 Business Days after each the Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Investors Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
on or prior to the Investors Report Date, to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Representative of the

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency, the Servicer, the Guarantor Paying Agent and the Issuer 
Paying Agent, setting out certain information with respect to the Covered Bond and the Cover Pool. 
 “Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) a Interest Payment Date (or, in case 
of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the next 
Interest Payment Date (or, in case of the last Interest Period, the Maturity Date). 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.. 
"Issue Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term, with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds, in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Issuer” means Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A., acting in its capacity as issuer pursuant to the 
Programme Agreement. 
"Issuer Default Notice" means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Issuer and the Guarantor upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default; 
"Issuer Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(a) (Issuer Events of Default). 
"Liability Swap Agreements" means the swap agreements that may be entered into on or about each 
Issue Date between the Guarantor and a Liability Swap Provider. 
"Liability Swap Provider" means any entity acting as a liability swap provider to the Guarantor 
pursuant to a Liability Swap Agreement. 
"LTV" means, with respect to a Mortgage Loan, the Loan-to-Value ratio, determined as the ratio 
between the value of the relevant Mortgage Loan and the value of a Real Estate Asset as calculated in 
accordance with the applicable Prudential Regulations. 
"Luxembourg Listing Agent" means BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch. 
"Mandate Agreement" means the mandate agreement entered into, on or about the date hereof between 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Guarantor. 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Master Loans Purchase Agreement" means the master loans purchase agreement entered into on 30 
May 2014 between the Guarantor and the Seller. 
“Maturity Date” means each date on which final redemption payments for a Series of Covered Bonds 
become due in accordance with the Final Terms but subject to it being extended to the Extended Maturity 
Date. 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Member State” means a member State of the European Union. 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Monte Titoli" means Monte Titoli S.p.A., a società per azioni having its registered office at Piazza 
degli Affari, 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
“Monte Titoli Account Holders” means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to 
hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) in accordance with 
Article 83-quater of the Financial Law Consolidated Act. 
“Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement” means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date 
between the Issuer and Monte Titoli. 
"Monthly Servicer's Report" means the monthly report prepared by the Servicer on each Monthly 
Servicer’s Report Date and containing details on the Collections of the Receivables during the relevant

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
Collection Period, prepared in accordance with the Servicing Agreement and delivered by the Servicer, 
inter alios, to the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor. 
"Monthly Servicer's Report Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
date falling on the tenth calendar day of each month of each year, or if such day is not a Business Day, 
the immediately following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, 
such date as may be indicated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
“Mortgage Loan Agreement” means any Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement or Commercial 
Mortgage Loan Agreement, as the case may be, out of which the Receivables arise. 
“Mortgage Loan” means a Residential Mortgage Loan or a Commercial Mortgage Loan, as the case 
may be. 
“Mortgages” means the mortgage security interests (ipoteche) created on the Real Estate Assets or the 
Commercial Assets, as the case may be, pursuant to Italian law in order to secure claims in respect of the 
Receivables. 
"Mortgagor" means any person, either a borrower or a third party, who has granted a Mortgage in favour 
of the Seller to secure the payment or repayment of any amounts payable in respect of a Mortgage Loan, 
and/or his/her successor in interest. 
“Negative Carry Factor” means “0.5%” or such higher percentage procured by the Issuer on behalf of 
the Guarantor and notified to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and to the Test Calculation 
Agent. 
“Net Present Value Test” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.2 (Net Present Value 
Test) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Net Present Value” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.4 (Net Present Value Test) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"New Portfolio" means any portfolio of Receivables (other than the Initial Portfolio), comprising 
Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets, which may be purchased by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant 
to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Nominal Value” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.3.1 (Nominal Value) of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement. 
“Nominal Value Test” has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.1 (Nominal Value Test) of 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Obligations” means all the obligations of the Guarantor created by or arising under the Programme 
Documents. 
“Offer Date" means, with respect to each New Portfolio, the date falling 5 (five) Business Days prior to 
each Transfer Date, pursuant to clause 3.1 (Offerta) of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy" or "Official Gazette" means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" means the association of the Covered Bondholders, 
organised pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders;

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
"Other Creditors" means the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated Lender, the Servicer, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation 
Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Account Bank, 
the Asset Monitor, the Asset Swap Providers, the Liability Swap Provider, the Portfolio Manager (if 
any), the Cash Manager, the Back-up Servicer and any other creditors which may, from time to time, be 
identified as such in the context of the Programme. 
"Other Issuer Creditors" means any entity - other than the Issuer - acting as Issuer Paying Agent, any 
Liability Swap Provider, the Asset Monitor and any other Issuer's creditor which may from time to time 
be identified as such in the context of the Programme. 
"Outstanding Principal" means, on any given date and in relation to any Receivable, the sum of all (i) 
Principal Instalments due but unpaid at such date; and (ii) the Principal Instalments not yet due at such 
date. 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, on any date in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds or, 
where applicable, in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
the principal amount of such Series or, where applicable, all such Series upon issue; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of all principal which has been repaid prior to such date in respect of such 
Series or, where applicable, all such Series and, solely for the purposes of Title II (Meetings of 
the Covered Bondholders) of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders, the 
principal amount of any Covered Bonds in such Series of (where applicable) all such Series held 
by, or by any Person for the benefit of, the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
“Outstanding Principal Balance” means on any date, (i) in relation to a loan, a bond or any other asset 
included in the Cover Pool, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such loan, bond or 
asset at such date, and (ii) in relation to the Covered Bonds, the aggregate nominal principal amount 
outstanding of such Covered Bonds at such date as the case may be. 
"Paying Agents" means the Issuer Paying Agent and the Guarantor Paying Agent. 
"Payments Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement on each Calculation Date. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
"Place of Payment" means, in respect of any Covered Bondholders, the place at which such Covered 
Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds. 
“Portfolio” means, collectively, the Initial Portfolio and any New Portfolio which has been purchased 
and will be purchased by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Portfolio Manager” means the entity appointed as such in accordance with clause 5.6 (Portfolio 
Manager) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor 
Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the delivery of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Potential Set-Off Amount” means (a) if no Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred or is outstanding 
an amount equal to 0 (zero) or (b) if an Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred and is outstanding, an 
amount of the Cover Pool that could potentially be set-off by the relevant Debtors against any credit 
owed by any such Debtor towards the Seller. Such amount will be calculated by the Test Calculation 
Agent (based on the aggregate information provided by the Servicer) on a quarterly basis on each Test 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test Calculation Date and/or on each other date on which the Asset 
Coverage Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement 
or any other Programme Documents.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Premium Interest" means the premium payable by the Guarantor to the Seller in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, as determined thereunder.  
"Principal Available Funds" means in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited to the 
Collection Account net of the amounts applied to purchase Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal received by the Servicer and credited to the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(c) 
all principal amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement;  
(d) 
the proceeds of any disposal of Eligible Assets and any disinvestments of Top-Up Assets;  
(e) 
any other principal amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts as of the immediately 
preceding Collection Date; 
(f) 
any principal amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Principal 
Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Programme Documents during 
the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(g) 
any principal payment payable under the Swap Agreements other than any Swap Collateral 
Excluded Amounts;  
(h) 
any amount paid under the Subordinated Loan and not repaid, standing to the credit of the 
Collection Accounts; 
(i) 
all the amounts allocated pursuant to item Sixth of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority 
of Payments; and 
(j) 
principal amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Guarantor Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case of 
a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Guarantor Calculation Agent. 
“Principal Instalment” means the principal component of each Instalment. 
“Priority of Payments” means each of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments, the 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, the Guarantee Priority of Payments and the 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
“Privacy Law” means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 196 of 30 June 2003, as subsequently amended, 
modified or supplemented, together with any relevant implementing regulations as integrated from time

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
to time by the Autorità Garante per la Protezione dei Dati Personali. 
“Programme” means the programme for the issuance of each Series of Covered Bonds (obbligazioni 
bancarie garantite) by the Issuer in accordance with article 7-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond 
Law. 
“Programme Agreement” means the programme agreement entered into on or about the date hereof 
between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
and the Dealers. 
“Programme Amount” means €5,000,000,000. 
"Programme Documents" means the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, each Subscription Agreement, the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the 
Intercreditor Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap Agreements, the Mandate Agreement, the 
Quotaholders' Agreement, the Conditions, the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge, the Master 
Definitions Agreement, the Back-up Servicing Agreement, each Final Terms and any other agreement 
which will be entered into from time to time in connection with the Programme.  
"Programme Resolution" has the meaning given in the Rules of the Organisation of Covered 
Bondholders attached to these Conditions; 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time.  
"Prudential Regulations" means the prudential regulations for banks issued by the Bank of Italy on 17 
December 2013 with Circular No. 285 (Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche) as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Public Entities" means: 
(i) 
public entities, including ministerial bodies and local or regional bodies, located within the 
European Economic Area or Switzerland for which a risk weight not exceeding 20 per cent is 
applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks — standardised 
approach; 
(ii) 
public entities, located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, for which 0 (zero) 
per cent risk weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for 
banks – standardised approach- or regional or local public entities or non-economic administrative 
entities, located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, for which a risk weight not 
exceeding 20 per cent is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations 
for banks — standardised approach. 
"Public Entity Receivables" means, pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of Decree No. 310, any 
receivables owed by, or receivables which have been benefit of a guarantee eligible for credit risk 
mitigation granted by, Public Entities. 
"Public Entity Securities" means pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of Decree No. 310, any 
securities issued by, or which have benefit of a guarantee eligible for credit risk mitigation granted by, 
Public Entities. 
"Purchase Price" means, in relation to the Initial Portfolio and each New Portfolio transferred by the 
Seller, the consideration paid by the Guarantor to such Seller for the transfer thereof, calculated in 
accordance with the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice of exercise relating to the put option contained in Condition 7 (f) 
(Redemption at the option of the Covered Bondholders), substantially in the form set out in schedule 5 to 
the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, or such other form which may, from time to 
time, be agreed between the Issuer and the Issuer Paying Agent or Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
may be; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, to a depositing Covered Bondholder upon deposit of Covered Bonds with the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, by any Covered Bondholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered Bondholder; 
“Quotaholders' Agreement” means the agreement entered into on or about the date hereof, between 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A., SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l., the Guarantor and 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
“Quotaholders” means each of SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. and Banca Popolare di 
Sondrio S.c.p.A.. 
"Quota Capital" means the quota capital of the Guarantor, equal to Euro 10,000.00. 
“Quota Capital Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Expenses Account Bank, IBAN IT 16 T 01030 61621 000001317709 for the deposit 
of the Quota Capital. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Real Estate Assets” means the real estate properties which have been mortgaged in order to secure the 
Receivables and each of them the “Real Estate Asset”. 
"Receivables" means each and every right arising under the Mortgage Loans pursuant to the Mortgage 
Loan Agreements, including but not limited to: 
(i) 
all rights in relation to all Outstanding Principal of the Mortgage Loans as at the relevant Transfer 
Date; 
(ii) 
all rights in relation to interest (including default interest) amounts which will accrue on the 
Mortgage Loans as from the relevant Transfer Date; 
(iii) 
all rights in relation to the reimbursement of expenses and in relation to any losses, costs, 
indemnities and damages and any other amount due to the Seller in relation to the Mortgage 
Loans, the Mortgage Loan Agreements, including penalties and any other amount due to the 
Seller in the case of prepayments of the Mortgage Loans, and to the warranties and insurance 
related thereto, including the rights in relation to the reimbursement of legal, judicial and other 
possible expenses incurred in connection with the collection and recovery of all amounts due in 
relation to the Mortgage Loans up to and as from the relevant Transfer Date; 
(iv) 
all rights in relation to any amount paid pursuant to any Insurance Policy or guarantee in respect 
of the Mortgage Loans of which the Seller is the beneficiary or is entitled pursuant to any liens 
(vincoli); 
(v) 
all of the above together with the Mortgages and any other security interests (garanzie reali o 
garanzie personali) assignable as a result of the assignment of the Receivables (except for the 
fidejussioni omnibus which have not been granted exclusively in relation to or in connection with 
the Mortgage Loans), including any other guarantee granted in favour of the Seller in connection 
with the Mortgage Loans or the Mortgage Loan Agreements and the Receivables. 
“Receiver” means any receiver, manager or administrative receiver appointed in accordance with clause 
7 (Appointment of Receiver) of the Deed of Charge. 
“Records” means the records prepared pursuant to clause 10.1 (Duty to maintain Records) of the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Recoveries” means any amounts received or recovered by the Servicer, in accordance with the terms of

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
the Servicing Agreement, in relation to any Defaulted Receivable and any Delinquent Receivable. 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount. 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Guarantor Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the 
Reference Rate. 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the 
first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or any other clearing system 
(other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system through which 
payments under the Covered Bonds may be made; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having 
been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bondholders. 
"Relevant Dealer(s) " means, in relation to a Tranche, the Dealer(s) which is/are party to any agreement 
(whether oral or in writing) entered into with the Issuer and the Guarantor for the issue by the Issuer and 
the subscription by such Dealer(s) of such Tranche pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate. 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Representative of the Covered Bondholders" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting 
in its capacity as representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge, the Conditions and the Final Terms of

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
each Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Reserve Fund Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Account Bank IBAN IT 31 M 03479 01600 000800951301, or such other substitute 
account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
"Reserve Fund Amount" means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
(A) interest accruing in respect of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds during the 
immediately following Guarantor Payment Period (such that, (a) if Liability Swap Agreements 
are in place for a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the higher of 
the amount due to the Liability Swap Provider or the amount due to the Covered Bondholders of 
such Series, (b) if Liability Swap Agreements are not in place for a Series of Covered Bonds, 
such interest amounts accruing will be the amount due the Covered Bondholders of such Series 
and (c) if Liability Swap Agreements are in place for a portion of a Series of Covered Bonds, 
such interest amounts accruing will be the sum of (i) for the portion of the Series covered by the 
Liability Swap Agreement, the higher of the amount due to the Liability Swap Provider and the 
amount due to the Covered Bondholders of such Series, and (ii) for the remaining portion, the 
interest amounts accruing will be the proportional amount due the Covered Bondholders of such 
Series) as calculated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent on or prior to each Calculation Date, 
plus (B) prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the aggregate amount to be paid by the 
Guarantor on the second Guarantor Payment Date following the relevant Calculation Date in 
respect of the items (First)(a) to (Third) of the Pre- Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments, as calculated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent; plus  
(ii) 
any additional amount that the Issuer has voluntarily resolved to accumulate as reserve in order 
to create an additional stock to procure that the Statutory Tests are met with respect to the Cover 
Pool. 
"Residential Assets" means the Real Estate Assets with respect to Residential Mortgage Loans. 
“Residential Mortgage Loan" means “crediti ipotecari residenziali” – as defined under article 1, sub-
paragraph 1, letter (b) of Decree No. 310 – having the features set forth under article 2, sub-paragraph 1, 
letter (a) of Decree No. 310. 
“Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement” means any mortgage loan agreement out of which 
Receivables arise and secured by mortgage over Residential Assets. 
“Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders” or "Rules" means the rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders attached as exhibit to the Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
“Secured Creditors” means, collectively, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in its own 
capacity and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated 
Lender, the Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Account Bank, the Asset Monitor, 
any Asset Swap Provider(s), any Liability Swap Provider(s), the Portfolio Manager (if any), the Cash 
Manager, together with any other entity acceding to the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Securities Account” means the account which will be opened in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Account Bank, upon purchase by the Guarantor from the Seller of Eligible Assets and/or Top-Up Assets 
represented by bonds, debentures, notes or other financial instruments in book entry form in accordance 
with and subject to the conditions of the Cash, Allocation and Payments Agreement. 
“Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
“Securitisation and Covered Bond Law” means Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as amended 
from time to time.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
“Security” means the security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and the Deed of Charge. 
“Security Interest” means:  
(a) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, privilege (privilegio speciale) or other security interest 
securing any obligation of any person; 
(b) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to money, or the benefit of a bank or other account 
may be applied, set off or made subject to a combination of accounts so as to effect discharge or 
any sum owed or payable to any person; or 
(c) 
any other type or preferential arrangement having a similar effect. 
“Seller” means BPS pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Series” or “Series of Covered Bonds" means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme. 
“Servicer” means Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. in its capacity servicer pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement. 
"Servicer Termination Event" means any of the events set out under clause 8.1 (Casi di revoca del 
mandato del Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement, which allows the Guarantor to terminate the 
Servicer's appointment and appoint a Substitute Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement entered into on 30 May 2014 between the 
Guarantor, the Issuer and the Servicer. 
"Sole Affected Party" means an Affected Party as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement which at the 
relevant time is the only Affected Party under such Swap Agreement. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the relevant 
Dealer(s), the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Specified Denomination(s) " has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Office" means with respect to the Account Bank and Guarantor Paying Agent Piazza Lina Bo 
Bardi, 3, 20124 Milan, Italy, with respect to the Cash Manager, Test Calculation Agent and Issuer Paying 
Agent Piazza Garibaldi, 16, 23100 Sondrio, Italy, and with respect to the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
and Corporate Servicer Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy.  
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Stabilisation Manager" means each Dealer or any other person acting in such capacity in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
“Statutory Tests” means such tests provided for under article 3 of Decree No. 310 and namely: (i) the 
Nominal Value Test, (ii) the Net Present Value Test and (iii) the Interest Coverage Test, as further 
defined under Clause 2 (Statutory Tests and Asset Coverage Tests) of the Cover Pool Agreement. 
“Stock Exchange” means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
“Subordinated Lender” means the Seller, in its capacity as subordinated lender pursuant to the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the subordinated loan agreement entered into between the 
Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor. 
“Subscription Agreements” means each subscription agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date 
of each Series of Covered Bonds between each Dealer and the Issuer. 
"Substitute Servicer" means the successor to the Servicer which may be appointed by the Guarantor, 
upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, pursuant to clause 8.4 (Sostituto del Servicer) of

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
the Servicing Agreement. 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning ascribed to such term it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
“Swap Agreements” means, collectively, each Asset Swap Agreement, Liability Swap Agreement and 
any other swap agreement that may be entered into in connection with the Programme. 
“Swap Basic Term Modification” means any amendment to any of the Programme Documents aimed 
at: (i) altering the Priority of Payments by affecting the position of the Swap Provider if compared to the 
position of the Covered Bondholders, (ii) changing a payment date under the Swap Agreement; (iii) 
providing a reduction or cancellation or increase in the payments due under the Swap Agreement; (iv) 
altering the currency for each relevant payment under the Swap Agreement; (v) extending the 
termination date under the Swap Agreement and (vi) modifying this definition. 
“Swap Collateral” means the collateral which may be transferred by the Swap Providers to the 
Guarantor in support of its obligations under the Swap Agreements. 
“Swap Collateral Accounts” means collectively the Swap Collateral Cash Account, the Swap Collateral 
Securities Account and any swap collateral cash account, any swap collateral securities account and any 
other collateral account that may be opened, in name and on behalf of the Guarantor, with an account 
bank on which each Swap Collateral in the form of cash and/or securities and will be posted in 
accordance with the relevant Swap Agreement. 
“Swap Collateral Cash Account” means the Euro denominated collateral account established in the 
name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank, IBAN IT 36 Q 03479 01600 000800951305, or such 
other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts" means at any time, the amounts of Swap Collateral which may 
not be applied under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement at that time in satisfaction of the relevant 
Swap Provider's obligations to the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the Issuer including Swap Collateral 
which is to be returned to the relevant Swap Provider from time to time in accordance with the terms of 
the Swap Agreements and ultimately upon termination of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Securities Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of 
the Guarantor with the Account Bank, No. 951301, or such other substitute account as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Swap Providers” means, collectively, the Asset Swap Providers, the Liability Swap Providers and the 
providers of any other swap agreements entered into in connection with the Programme. 
“TARGET 2 Settlement Day” means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET 2) System is open. 
“Tax” means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any political sub-
division thereof or any authority thereof or therein. 
“Term Loan” means the term loan to be granted by each Subordinated Lender pursuant to the terms of 
clause 2 (Il Finanziamento Subordinato) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Test Calculation Agent” means Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A., acting as test calculation agent or 
any other institution that, from time to time, may be appointed as such pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Test Calculation Date" means the date which falls 3 (three) Business Days prior to each Guarantor 
Payment Date or, if that day is not a Business Day, the immediate following Business Day. The first Test 
Calculation Date will fall on October 2014. 
"Test Grace Period" means the period starting from the Test Calculation Date on which the breach of a 
test is notified by the Test Calculation Agent and ending on the immediately following Test Calculation

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Date. 
"Tests" means, collectively, the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test. 
"Top-Up Assets" means, in accordance with article 2, sub-paragraph 3.2 and 3.3 of Decree No. 310, 
each of the following assets: 
(i) 
deposits held with banks which qualify as Eligible Institution and have their registered office in 
the European Economic Area or Switzerland or in a country for which a 0 per cent risk weight is 
applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – standardised 
approach; and 
(ii) 
securities issued by the banks indicated in item (i) above, which have a residual maturity not 
exceeding 1 (one) year. 
“Trade Date” means the date on which the issue of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is priced. 
“Tranche” means the tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to which each Final Terms 
relates, each such tranche forming part of a Series. 
“Transfer Agreement” means any subsequent transfer agreement for the purchase of each New 
Portfolio entered into in accordance with the terms of the relevant Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Transfer Date” means: (a) with respect to the Initial Portfolio, the date designated by the Seller in the 
Master Loan Purchase Agreement; and (b) with respect to the New Portfolios, the date designated by the 
Seller in the relevant Transfer Notice. 
“Transfer Notice” means, in respect to each New Portfolio, such transfer notice which will be sent by 
the Seller and addressed to the Guarantor in the form set out in the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Treaty” means the treaty establishing the European Community. 
“Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” means each warranty and indemnity agreement entered into on 
30 May 2014 between the Seller and the Guarantor. 
(b) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation), any premium 
payable in respect of a Series of Cover Bonds and any other amount in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of interest 
payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression 
is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
any reference to a Programme Document shall be construed as a reference to such Programme 
Document, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the relevant 
Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
any reference to a party to a Programme Document (other than the Issuer and the Guarantor) shall, 
where the context permits, include any Person who, in accordance with the terms of such 
Programme Document, becomes a party thereto subsequent to the date thereof, whether by 
appointment as a successor to an existing party or by appointment or otherwise as an additional 
party to such document and whether in respect of the Programme generally or in respect of a 
single Tranche only; and

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
(vi) 
any reference in any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other subsidiary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such 
legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum denomination 
of Euro 100,000 (or, where Specified Currency is a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in 
such Specified Currency) and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount, in each case as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form and in dematerialised form 
(emesse in forma dematerializzata) and will be wholly and exclusively deposited with Monte Titoli in 
accordance with Article 83-bis of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended, 
through the authorised institutions listed in Article 83-quater of such legislative decree. The Covered 
Bonds will at all times be evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferable by means of, book entries 
in accordance with the provisions of Article 83-bis of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998 and the joint regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in 
the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as amended and supplemented from time to time. The 
Covered Bonds will be held by Monte Titoli on behalf of the Covered Bondholders until redemption or 
cancellation thereof for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder. Monte Titoli Account 
Holder will be act as depository for Clearstream and Euroclear. No physical documents of title will be 
issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. The rights and powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be 
exercised in accordance with these Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save for any applicable 
statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Covered 
Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor on their behalf. 
(b) 
Status of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds when due for payment 
will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor in the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
(c) 
Priority of Payments 
Amounts due from the Issuer pursuant to these Conditions or from the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Covered Bond Guarantee shall be paid in accordance with the Priority of Payments, as set out in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed Rate Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Balance from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 8 (Payments) up to (and excluding) the Maturity Date or, as the case 
may be, the Extended Maturity Date. Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest from the due date 
for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered 
Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
has notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any Interest Period shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered Bonds are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any period for which a Fixed 
Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to 
the nearest sub unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by 
the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than 
Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Covered Bonds bear interest on their Outstanding Principal Balance from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 8 (Payments). Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest from the due date 
for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered 
Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the day 
which is seven days after the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
has notified the Covered Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest 
Period will be, subject to Condition 6(j) (Fallback Provisions), determined by the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Guarantor Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Guarantor Calculation Agent, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to 
leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the 
above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds 
during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding Interest 
Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any 
Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would 
be determined by the Guarantor Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent were acting as Guarantor Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(ii) the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so 
specified. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, will, as soon as practicable 
after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered Bond for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
figure to the nearest sub unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub unit" means, in the case of 
any Specified Currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such Specified Currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such Specified Currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Calculation of other amounts 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Issuer Paying Agent 
or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, then the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is to be 
determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated by the Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Publication 
The Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer 
and the Guarantor Calculation Agent, as the case may be, and each competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/ or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders. The Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, will be entitled to recalculate any 
Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination, the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent shall not be obliged to publish 
each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in 
respect of a Covered Bond having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications etc 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent will (in the absence of manifest error, wilful default or gross negligence) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Guarantor Calcualtion Agent, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Covered Bondholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach 
to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
  Fallback Provisions 
(a) Independent Advisor 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in respect of Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the 
Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6(j)(b) (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 
6(j)(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and whether any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 6(j)(d) (Benchmark Amendments)) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(j)(a) shall act in good faith and in a

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of 
bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to 
the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bond 
(being the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or such other 
party specified in the form of Final Terms), any Paying Agent or the Covered Bondholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 6(j). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 6(j)(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate, provided however that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to 
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 
6(j)(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date in the case of the Rate of Interest on 
Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the Floating 
Rate Provisions as being applicable in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there 
has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest for Covered Bonds whose Final 
Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable shall be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period (as applicable). For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6(j)(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period 
only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6(j)(a). 
 
(b)      Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 6(j)(a) (Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 6(j)(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the operation 
of this Condition 6(j)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6(j)(c) (Adjustment Spread) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Covered Bonds (subject to the operation of this Condition 6(j)). 
 
(c)       Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) (Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
 
(d)      Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 6(j) and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 6(j) (a) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) 
that amendments to these Conditions and the other Programme Documents, including but not 
limited to Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or necessary or appropriate to comply with 
any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued 
by the competent regulatory authority (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 6(j)(e) (Notices) and subject (to the extent required) to giving any notice 
required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the 
competent regulatory authority, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Covered 
Bondholders vary these Conditions and the other Programme Documents to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders together with the 
Guarantor, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered Bondholders, be 
obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by 
the execution of an amendment agreement to the Programme Documents) and the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided 
that if, in the opinion of the Covered Bondholders doing so would impose more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend rights 
and/or the protective provisions afforded to the Covered Bondholders in these Conditions or the 
Programme Documents (including for the avoidance of doubt, any amendment to the Programme 
Documents), the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of any amendment agreement to the 
Programme Documents), subject to being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction by the 
Issuer. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6(j)(d), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) 
relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate 
of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. 
 
(e)       Notices

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(j) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and each Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders. Such notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 6(j)(a) (Independent Adviser) to 
6(j)(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark 
Event has occurred. 
 
(g) Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(j): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry 
standard is recognised or acknowledged); or 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) in accordance with Condition 6(j)(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Covered 
Bonds; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(j)(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
Benchmark Event means:

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following 
six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as 
a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
either generally, or in respect of the Covered Bonds, in each case within the following six 
months; or 
(e) 
it has become unlawful for, the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Covered 
Bondholders using the Original Reference Rate; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
6(j)(a) (Independent Adviser); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Covered Bonds; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date, subject as provided in this Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) and Condition 8 
(Payments). 
(b) 
Extension of maturity 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series of

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Covered Bonds and the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and the Guarantor or the Guarantor Calculation Agent on its behalf 
determines that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available under the relevant Priority of Payments 
to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in full in respect of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the date falling on the Extension Determination Date, then (subject 
as provided below), payment of the unpaid amount by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
shall be deferred until the Extended Maturity Date provided that any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid after the Extension Determination Date may be paid by 
the Guarantor on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended 
Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least four Business Days prior to the Maturity Date 
as to whether payment will or will not be made in full of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the 
Covered Bonds on that Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the 
extension. 
The Guarantor or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be shall notify the relevant holders of the 
Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), any relevant Swap Provider(s) and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be, as soon as reasonably practicable and in 
any event at least three Business Days prior to the Maturity Date of any inability of the Guarantor to pay 
in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such 
parties shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any 
such party. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall apply the moneys (if any) available (after 
paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments) pro rata in partial payment of an amount equal to the Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds and shall pay Guaranteed Amounts constituting interest in 
respect of each such Covered Bond on such date. The obligation of the Guarantor to pay any amounts in 
respect of the balance of the Final Redemption Amount not so paid shall be deferred as described above. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and be payable on each Interest Payment Date 
during such extended period up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date or, if earlier, the Interest 
Payment Date on which the Final Redemption Amount is paid in full. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being not applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the 
date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a 
holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds; and

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
1. 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds were then due; or 
2. 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to 
the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, with a copy to the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, (A) a certificate signed 
by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 7(c), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Covered Bonds in accordance with this Condition 7(c). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may 
be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on 
any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such 
date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption and instalment redemption 
If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or if they are redeemed in instalments pursuant to the relevant 
Final Terms and the Conditions, the Covered Bonds to be redeemed in part shall be redeemed in the 
principal amount specified by the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will be so redeemed in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and/or any other Relevant Clearing System (to be reflected in 
the records of such clearing systems as a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion), subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation. The notice to Covered Bondholders referred to in Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the proportion of the Covered Bonds so to be 
redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of any Covered Bondholder redeem such Covered Bonds held by it on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this 
Condition 7(f), the Covered Bondholder must, not less than 15 nor more than 30 days before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, a duly completed Put Option Notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) in the form

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
obtainable from the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be. The Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Covered Bondholder. Once deposited in accordance with this 
Condition 7(f), no duly completed Put Option Notice, may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, 
prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any Covered Bonds become immediately due and 
payable or, upon due presentation of any such Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall mail notification thereof to the Covered 
Bondholder at such address as may have been given by such Covered Bondholder in the relevant Put 
Option Notice and shall hold such Covered Bond against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. 
For so long as any outstanding Covered Bonds are held by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be in accordance with this Condition 7(f), the Covered Bondholder and 
not the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be 
the holder of such Covered Bonds for all purposes. 
(g) 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds otherwise than as provided in this 
Condition 7 and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor) may at any time purchase Covered 
Bonds in the open market or otherwise and at any price and any Covered Bonds so purchased may be 
held or resold or may be surrendered in accordance with Condition 7(h) (Cancellation). The Guarantor 
shall not purchase any Covered Bonds at any time. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any such Subsidiary and subsequently 
surrendered for cancellation shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(j) 
Extension of principal instalments 
If an Extended Instalment Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series of 
Covered Bonds whose principal is payable in instalments and the Issuer has failed to pay a Covered Bond 
Instalment Amount on the applicable Covered Bond Instalment Date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the Guarantor or the Guarantor Calculation Agent on its behalf determines that the Guarantor 
has insufficient moneys available under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to such Covered Bond Instalment Amount in full on the applicable Covered 
Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date, then (subject as provided below), payment by the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee of each of (a) such Covered Bond Instalment Amount and 
(b) all subsequently due and payable Covered Bond Instalment Amounts shall be deferred until the 
Extended Instalment Date provided that no Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred to a date 
falling after the Extended Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least four Business Days prior to the applicable 
Covered Bond Instalment Date as to whether payment will or will not be made in full of the relevant 
Covered Bond Instalment Amount on its Covered Bond Instalment Date. Any failure by the Issuer to 
notify the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, shall not affect the 
validity or effectiveness of the extension. 
The Guarantor or the Guarantor Calculation Agent on its behalf, shall notify the relevant holders of the 
Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), any relevant Swap Provider(s), the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least three Business Days prior 
to a Covered Bond Instalment Date of any inability of the Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
Amounts corresponding to the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Amount pursuant to the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such parties shall not affect the validity or 
effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall on each Interest Payment Date following the 
applicable Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date until the applicable Extended 
Instalment Date, pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) available (after 
paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments) pro rata towards payment of an amount equal to the relevant Covered Bond 
Instalment Amount together with interest accrued thereon up to (and including) such date.  
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period and shall be payable 
on each Interest Payment Date from the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Date until the Extended 
Instalment Date or, if earlier, the date on which the deferred Covered Bond Instalment Amount is paid in 
full. 
Failure by the Issuer to pay the Covered Bond Instalment Amount on its Covered Bond Instalment Date 
will (subject to any applicable grace period) be an Issuer Event of Default. Failure by the Guarantor to 
pay the deferred Covered Bond Instalment Amount on the related Extended Instalment Date will (subject 
to any applicable grace period) be a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Each Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred when due no more than once. At such time, 
each subsequent but not yet due Covered Bond Instalment Amount will also be deferred, so it is possible 
that a Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred more than once but it may never be deferred to 
a date falling after the Extended Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
(k) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Covered Bonds of all Series or Tranche may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders and Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), all Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Representative of the Covered Bondholders immediately before the 
giving of such notice that it has, or will, before the next Interest Payment Date of any Covered Bond of 
any Series or Tranche, become unlawful for the Issuer to make any payments under the Covered Bonds 
as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment has become 
or will become effective before the next such Interest Payment Date 
8. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems 
Payment of interest and repayment of principal in respect of the Covered Bonds will be credited, in 
accordance with the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent, as the case may be, on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the accounts 
of those banks and authorised brokers whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those 
Covered Bonds and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised brokers from such aforementioned 
accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds or through the Relevant 
Clearing Systems to the accounts with the Relevant Clearing Systems of the beneficial owners of those 
Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and of the Relevant 
Clearing Systems, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to Covered Bondholders in respect of such

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
payments. 
(c) 
Payments on business days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond is not a Payment Business 
Day in the Place of Payment, the Covered Bondholder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of 
the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled 
to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
9. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed (i) by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision therein or 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, or (ii) pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder or official 
interpretations thereof or pursuant to the provisions of the intergovernmental agreement entered into by 
and between Italy and the United States on 10 January 2014, ratified by way of Law No. 95 on 18 June 
2015, published in the Official Gazette – general series No. 155, on 7 July 2015 (“FATCA”) unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law 
(including pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to FATCA). In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt 
by the Covered Bondholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable in respect of any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest or principal on account of imposta 
sostitutiva pursuant to Decree No. 239, as amended from time to time with respect to any 
Covered Bonds and in all circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 
have not been met or complied with except where such procedures have not been met or 
complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(ii) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual, 
to the extent that interest or any other amount is paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a 
non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian authorities; or 
(iii) 
where the Covered Bondholder would have been able to lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) 
such deduction or withholding by complying, or procuring that any third party complies, with 
any statutory requirements; 
(iv) 
held by or on behalf of a Covered Bondholder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Covered Bonds by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Covered 
Bonds; or 
(v) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended or supplemented from time to time; or 
(vi) 
held by or on behalf of a Bondholder who would have been able to avoid such withholding or 
deduction by presenting the relevant Covered Bond to another Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, in a Member State of the EU; or 
(vii) 
held by or on behalf of a Bondholder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
respect of such Covered Bonds by making a declaration or any other statement to the relevant 
tax authority, including, but not limited to, a declaration of residence or non/residence or other 
similar claim for exemption; or 
(viii) where such withholding is required by FATCA. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, 
references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic of 
Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. For the purposes of this paragraph (b), the Issuer will not be 
considered to become subject to the taxing jurisdiction of the United States should the Issuer be required 
to withhold amounts in respect any withholding tax imposed by the United States on any payments the 
Issuer makes. 
(c) 
No Gross-up by the Guarantor:  
If withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever 
nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the 
Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges 
for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be, and shall not be obliged to pay any 
additional amounts to the Covered Bondholders. 
10. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Issuer Events of Default: 
If any of the following events (each, an "Issuer Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest and/or principal due and payable 
on any Series of Covered Bonds at their relevant Interest Payment Date and such breach is not 
remedied within the next 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of interest, or 20 Business 
Days, in case of amounts of principal or redemption, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligation: a material breach by the Issuer of any obligation under or in 
respect of the Covered Bond (of any Series or Tranche outstanding) or any of the Programme 
Documents to which it is a party occurs which is not remedied within 30 days after the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
Cross-default: any of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (ii) above occurs in respect of 
any other Series of Covered Bonds; or 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Issuer; or 
(v) 
Article 74 resolution: a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act is 
issued in respect of the Issuer; or 
(vi) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its primary business; or 
(vii) 
Breach of Tests: the Tests are breached and are not remedied within the Test Grace Period, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall serve an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer 
and the Guarantor demanding payment under the Covered Bond Guarantee, and specifying, in case of 
the Issuer Event of Default referred to under item (v) (Article 74 resolution) above, that the Issuer Event 
of Default may be temporary. 
(b) 
Effect of an Issuer Default Notice: 
Upon service of an Issuer Default Notice upon the Issuer and the Guarantor: 
(i) 
No further Series of Covered Bonds: the Issuer may not issue any further Series of Covered 
Bonds;

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
(ii) 
Covered Bond Guarantee: 
(a) 
interest and principal falling due on the Covered Bonds will be payable by the 
Guarantor at the time and in the manner provided under these Conditions, subject to and 
in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Priority of 
Payments; 
(b) 
the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the 
Intercreditor Agreement) shall be entitled to request from the Issuer an amount up to the 
Guaranteed Amounts and any sum so received or recovered from the Issuer will be used 
to make payments in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee; 
(c) 
if (i) the right of the Guarantor under Condition 10(b)(ii)(b) is in any way challenged or 
revoked and (ii) a Programme Resolution of the Covered Bondholders has been passed 
to this effect, the Covered Bonds will become immediately due and payable by the 
Issuer, at their Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest thereon and the 
Guarantor will no longer be entitled to request from the Issuer the amount set out under 
Condition 10(b)(ii)(b); 
(iii) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall sell the Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets included in 
the Cover Pool in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, 
provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under item (v) (Article 74 resolution) 
above, the effects listed in items (i) (No further Series of Covered Bonds), (ii) (Covered Bond 
Guarantee) and (iii) (Disposal of Assets) above will only apply for as long as the suspension of 
payments pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act will be in force and effect (the 
"Suspension Period"). Accordingly (A) the Guarantor, in accordance with Decree No. 310, shall be 
responsible for the payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds during the 
Suspension Period and (B) at the end of the Suspension Period, the Issuer shall be again responsible for 
meeting the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
(c) 
Issuer cross-default 
Neither an event of default in respect of any other indebtedness of the Issuer (including other debt 
securities of the Issuer) nor acceleration of such indebtedness will of itself give rise to an Issuer Event of 
Default. In addition, an Issuer Event of Default will not automatically give rise to a Guarantor Event of 
Default, provided however that, where a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders serves a Guarantor Default Notice upon the Guarantor, such Guarantor 
Default Notice will accelerate each Series of outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
(d) 
Guarantor Events of Default: 
If any of the following events (each, a "Guarantor Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
Non-payment: following delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor fails to pay any 
interest and/or principal due and payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee and such breach 
is not remedied within the next following 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of interests, or 
20 Business Days, in case of amounts of principal or redemption, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Guarantor; or 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligation: a breach of any obligation under the Programme Documents by 
the Guarantor occurs (other than payment obligations referred to in letter (i) above) which is 
not remedied within 30 days after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given 
written notice thereof to the Guarantor; or 
(iv) 
Breach of Amortisation Test: following the service of an Issuer Default Notice (provided that, 
in case the Issuer Event of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has not delivered an Article 74 event Cure Notice), the Amortisation

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Test is breached and is not remedied within the Test Grace Period; or 
(v) 
Invalidity of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the Covered Bond Guarantee is not in full force 
and effect or it is claimed by the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall or, in the case of the Guarantor Event of 
Default under Condition 10(d)(iii) (Breach of other obligation) shall, if so directed by a Programme 
Resolution, serve a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor. 
(e) 
Effect of a Guarantor Default Notice: 
Upon service of a Guarantor Default Notice upon the Guarantor: 
(i) 
Acceleration of Covered Bonds: the Covered Bonds shall become immediately due and 
payable at their Early Termination Amount together, if appropriate, with any accrued interest; 
(ii) 
Covered Bond Guarantee: subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders, shall have a claim against the Guarantor for an amount equal to the Early 
Termination Amount, together with accrued interest and any other amount due under the 
Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable under Condition 9(a) (Gross up)) in 
accordance with the Priority of Payments; 
(iii) 
Disposal of assets: the Guarantor shall immediately sell all assets included in the Cover Pool 
in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement; and 
(iv) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its discretion and 
without further notice subject to having been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction, 
take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be) as it may think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not be bound to take any 
such proceedings or steps unless requested or authorised by a Programme Resolution of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
(f) 
Guarantor cross-default 
Where a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve 
on the Guarantor a Guarantor Default Notice, thereby accelerating the Covered Bond Guarantee in 
respect of each Series of outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. However, an Issuer 
Event of Default will not automatically give rise to a Guarantor Event of Default. 
(g) 
Determinations, etc 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 10 by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall (in the absence of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default 
(dolo)) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and all Covered Bondholders and (in such absence as 
aforesaid) no liability to the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall attach to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions hereunder. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall become void unless made within ten years (in 
respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) from the due date thereof. 
12. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(a) 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders: 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders shall be established upon, and by virtue of, the issuance 
of the first Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme and shall remain in force and in effect until 
repayment in full or cancellation of the Covered Bonds of any Series. Pursuant to the Rules of the

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, for as long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, there shall 
at all times be a Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The appointment of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is 
made by the Covered Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Initial appointment 
In the Programme Agreement, the Relevant Dealer(s) has or have appointed the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to perform the activities described in the Programme Agreement, in these 
Conditions (including the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders), in the Intercreditor 
Agreement, in the Mandate Agreement and in the other Programme Documents, and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders has accepted such appointment for the period commencing on the Issue 
Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds and ending (subject to early termination of its appointment) on 
the date on which all of the Covered Bonds have been cancelled or redeemed in accordance with these 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Acknowledgment by Covered Bondholders 
Each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its representative and (to the 
fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by any agreement entered into from time to 
time by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in such capacity as if such Covered 
Bondholder were a signatory thereto; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Relevant Dealer(s) shall not be liable in respect of any loss, 
liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the Covered Bondholders 
as a result of the performance by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of its duties 
or the exercise of any of its rights under the Programme Documents. 
13. 
Agents 
In acting under the Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement and in connection with the 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, acts solely 
as an agent of the Issuer and, following service of an Issuer Default Notice or a Guarantor Default 
Notice, as an agent of the Guarantor and does not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders. 
The Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, and its initial Specified 
Offices are set out in these Conditions. The Guarantor Calculation Agent (if not the Issuer Paying Agent 
or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be or) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, and to appoint a successor Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or the Guarantor Calculation Agent; 
provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times procure that the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, operates in an EU member state such that it will 
not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC 
or any other Directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of 26–
27 November 2000; and 
(iii) 
if a Guarantor Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Guarantor Calculation Agent; and 
(iv) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment 
of a paying agent in any particular place, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall maintain a paying 
agent having its specified office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be or 
in its Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, create and issue 
further Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in 
all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Covered Bonds. 
15. 
Limited Recourse and Non Petition 
(a) 
Limited Recourse 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct and unconditional, 
unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover Pool as 
provided under the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, Decree No. 310 and the Bank of Italy 
Regulations. The recourse of the Covered Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee will be limited to the assets comprised in the Cover Pool subject to, and in accordance with, 
the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which specified payments will be made to other parties 
prior to payments to the Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Non Petition 
Only the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may pursue the remedies available under the 
general law or under the Programme Documents to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or 
enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and/or the Security and no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to 
proceed directly against the Guarantor to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or to enforce the 
Covered Bond Guarantee and/or the Security. In particular: 
(i) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf) is entitled, otherwise than as permitted 
by the Programme Documents, to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and/or the Security or (except for the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders) take any proceedings against the Guarantor to enforce the Covered 
Bond Guarantee and/or the Security; 
(ii) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, where appropriate) shall, save as expressly permitted by the 
Programme Documents, have the right to take or join any person in taking any steps against 
the Guarantor for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amount due from the Guarantor; 
(iii) 
at least until the date falling one year and one day after the date on which all Series of Covered 
Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in 
accordance with their Final Terms together with any payments payable in priority or pari 
passu thereto, no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall initiate or join any person in initiating an 
Insolvency Event in relation to the Guarantor; and 
(iv) 
no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate action, 
legal proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the Priorities of Payments 
not being complied with. 
16. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices given through Monte Titoli 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are held through Monte Titoli,

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
shall be deemed to have been duly given if given through the systems of Monte Titoli. 
(b) 
Notices through Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, shall be 
deemed to have been duly given if published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, 
if published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication in made in 
accordance with the rules and regulation of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
(c) 
Other publication 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to sanction any other method of 
giving notice to Covered Bondholders if, in its sole opinion, such other method is reasonable having 
regard to market practice then prevailing and to the rules of the competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system by which the Covered Bonds are then admitted to trading and provided that 
notice of such other method is given to the holders of the Covered Bonds in such manner as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall require. 
17. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the 
next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in 
or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, 
with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
18. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
These Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection, thereof are 
governed by Italian law. All other Programme Documents and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of, or in connection, thereof are governed by Italian law, save for the Swap Agreements and the 
Deed of Charge, which are governed by English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute that may arise in 
relation to the Covered Bonds or their validity, interpretation or performance. 
(c) 
Relevant legislation 
Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be governed by the provisions of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and, if applicable, Article 58 of the Consolidated Banking Act, the 
Bank of Italy Regulations and Decree No. 310.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in respect of all Covered Bonds of whatever Series issued 
under the Programme by Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. is created concurrently with the issue and 
subscription of the Covered Bonds of the first Series to be issued and is governed by these Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders ("Rules"). 
1.2 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the Covered 
Bonds of whatever Series. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the "Conditions") of each Series issued by the Issuer. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
"Block Voting Instruction" means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be: 
(a) 
certifying that specified Covered Bonds are held to the order of the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or under its control or have been blocked in an 
account with a clearing system and will not be released until a the earlier of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the 
case may be, which is to be issued not less than 48 hours before the time fixed 
for the Meeting (or, if the meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its 
resumption), of confirmation that the Covered Bonds are Blocked Covered 
Bonds and notification of the release thereof by the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, to the Issuer and Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders certifying that the Holder of the relevant Blocked 
Covered Bonds or a duly authorised person on its behalf has notified the Issuer 
Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, that the votes 
attributable to such Covered Bonds are to be cast in a particular way on each 
resolution to be put to the Meeting and that during the period of 48 hours before 
the time fixed for the Meeting such instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(b) 
listing the aggregate principal amount of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, 
distinguishing between those amounts in respect of which instructions have been given to vote 
for, and against, each resolution; and 
(c) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions; 
"Blocked Covered Bonds" means Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an account with a 
clearing system or otherwise are held to the order of or under the control of the Issuer Paying Agent or 
the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, for the purpose of obtaining from the Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting 
Certificate on terms that they will not be released until after the conclusion of the Meeting in respect of 
which the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate is required; 
"Chairman" means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance with 
Article 8 (Chairman of the Meeting);

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
"Cover Pool" has the meaning given to it in the Master Definitions Agreement; 
"Event of Default" means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than three quarters of 
the votes cast or, in the case of a resolution pursuant to Condition 10(b)(ii)(c) (Effect of an Issuer 
Default Notice – Covered Bond Guarantee), by a majority of not less than 50 per cent. of the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding; 
"Holder" or "holder" means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered Bonds; 
"Liabilities" means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions or 
demands; 
"Meeting" means a meeting of Covered Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed 
following an adjournment); 
"Monte Titoli Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) in accordance with 
Article 83-quarter of the Financial Law Consolidated Act; 
"Ordinary Resolution" means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more than 50 per cent. of the 
votes cast; 
"Programme Resolution" means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders of all Series, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions contained in these 
Rules (ii) to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take action pursuant to Condition 
10(b)(ii)(c) (Effect of an Issuer Default Notice – Covered Bond Guarantee), Condition 10(d)(iii) 
(Guarantor Event of Default – Breach of other obligation) or Condition 10(d)(iv) (Guarantor Event of 
Default – Enforcement) or to appoint or remove the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
pursuant to Article 26 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration); or (ii) to direct the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders to take other action stipulated in the Conditions or the Programme Documents 
as requiring a Programme Resolution. 
"Proxy" means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person appointed to 
vote under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or, in the case of a proxy appointed 
under a Voting Certificate, the Issuer has been notified in writing of such revocation by the 
time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; and 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a quorum and 
who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
"Resolutions" means the Ordinary Resolutions, the Extraordinary Resolutions and the Programme 
Resolutions, collectively; 
"Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds, the exchange rate 
specified in any Swap Agreement relating to such Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds or, if there 
is no exchange rate specified or if the Swap Agreement has terminated, the applicable spot rate; 
"Transaction Party" means any person who is a party to a Programme Document; 
"Voter" means, in relation to a Meeting, the Holder or a Proxy named in a Voting Certificate, the bearer 
of a Voting Certificate issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case 
may be, or a Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction; 
"Voting Certificate" means, in relation to any Meeting:

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
(a) 
a certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the regulation issued 
jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time; 
or 
(b) 
a certificate issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may 
be, stating: 
(i)  that Blocked Covered Bonds will not be released until the earlier of: 
(A)  a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(B) the surrender of such certificate to the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent, as the case may be; and 
(ii) 
the bearer of the certificate is entitled to attend and vote at such Meeting in respect of 
such Blocked Covered Bonds; 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more persons 
being or representing the holders of at least 75 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the 
Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, the holders of which at any relevant time are entitled to 
participate in a Meeting in accordance with the provisions of these Rules, whether contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such 
Covered Bondholders; 
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are open for 
business both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and the places where the Issuer 
Paying Agent has its Specified Office; and 
"48 hours" means two consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, words and 
expressions used in these Rules shall have the meanings and the construction ascribed to them in the 
Conditions to which these Rules are attached. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
2.2.1 
any reference herein to an "Article" shall, except where expressly provided to the contrary, be 
a reference to an article of these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders; 
2.2.2 
a "successor" of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor in title 
of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation or 
domicile of such party has assumed the rights and obligations of such party under any 
Programme Document or to which, under such laws, such rights and obligations have been 
transferred; and 
2.2.3 
any reference to any Transaction Party shall be construed so as to include its and any 
subsequent successors and transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall form a separate 
Series of Covered Bonds and accordingly, unless for any purpose the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise determine, the provisions of this sentence and of 
Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation) to 25 (Meetings and Separate Series) and Articles 28 (Duties and 
Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 35 (Powers to Act on behalf of the 
Guarantor) shall apply mutatis mutandis separately and independently to the Covered Bonds of each 
Series. However, for the purposes of this Clause 2.3: 
2.3.1 
Articles 26 (Appointment, Removal and Resignation) and 27 (Resignation of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders); and

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
2.3.2 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation) to 
25 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 28 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders) to 35 (Powers to Act on behalf of the Guarantor), 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such Articles shall 
apply to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series and, in such Articles, the 
expressions "Covered Bonds" and "Covered Bondholders" shall be construed accordingly. 
3. 
PURPOSE OF THE ORGANISATION 
3.1 
Each Covered Bondholder, whatever Series of the Covered Bonds he holds, is a member of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of the rights 
of the Covered Bondholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or desirable to protect the 
interest of the Covered Bondholders. 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
4. 
VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
4.1 
A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting its Monte 
Titoli Account Holder to issue a certificate in accordance with the regulation issued jointly by the Bank 
of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time; or 
4.2 
A Covered Bondholder may also obtain a Voting Certificate from the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or require the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent, as the case may be to issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging for Covered Bonds to be (to 
the satisfaction of the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be) held to its 
order or under its control or blocked in an account in a clearing system (other than Monte Titoli) not 
later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. 
4.3 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction issued pursuant to this Article 4 shall be valid until the 
release of the Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates. 
4.4 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the person named therein as Holder 
or Proxy (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder), the bearer 
thereof (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent, as the case may be), and any Proxy named therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction 
issued by the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be) shall be deemed 
to be the Holder of the Covered Bonds to which it relates for all purposes in connection with the 
Meeting to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
4.5 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of 
the same Covered Bonds. 
4.6 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with the usual 
practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing System. 
5. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS AND VOTING CERTIFICATE 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate shall be valid for the purpose of the relevant Meeting 
only if it is deposited at the Specified Offices of the Issuer Paying Agent, or the Guarantor Paying 
Agent, as the case may be, or at any other place approved by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting 
Instruction or a Voting Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid. If the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders so requires, a notarised (or otherwise acceptable) copy of 
each Block Voting Instruction and satisfactory evidence of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block 
Voting Instruction or of each Holder or Proxy named in a Voting Certificate shall be produced at the

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Meeting but the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be obliged to investigate the 
validity of a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the identity of any Proxy or any holder 
of the Covered Bonds named in a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction. 
6. 
CONVENING A MEETING 
6.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may and (in relation to a 
meeting for the passing of a Programme Resolution) the Issuer shall upon a requisition in writing signed 
by the holders of not less than five per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds 
for the time being outstanding convene a meeting of the Covered Bondholders and if the Issuer makes 
default for a period of seven days in convening such a meeting upon requisition by the Covered 
Bondholders the same may be convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the 
requisitionists. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may convene a single meeting of the 
holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders there is no conflict between the holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, or 
separate meetings if in its opinion there is a conflict of interest among the holders of the Covered Bonds 
of the relevant Series, in which event the provisions of this Schedule shall apply thereto mutatis 
mutandis. 
6.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in writing to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and place of the Meeting, 
and the items to be included in the agenda. 
6.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders. 
7. 
NOTICE 
7.1 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on which the relevant 
Meeting is to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be given to the relevant 
Covered Bondholders and the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
with a copy to the Issuer and the Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, or with a copy to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by the Issuer. 
7.2 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the 
resolution without including the full text and shall state that Voting Certificates for the purpose of such 
Meeting may be obtained from a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the provisions of the 
regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time 
to time and that for the purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates from the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or appointing Proxies under a Voting Certificate or a Block 
Voting Instruction, Covered Bondholders must (to the satisfaction of the Issuer Paying Agent or the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be) be held to the order of or placed under the control of the 
Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be, or blocked in an account with a 
clearing system not later than 48 hours before the relevant Meeting. 
7.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 7 are not complied with

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
if the Holders of the Covered Bonds constituting all the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered 
Bonds, the Holders of which are entitled to attend and vote are represented at such Meeting and the 
Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders are present. 
8. 
CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING 
8.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Covered Bondholder), nominated by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
8.1.1 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or 
8.1.2 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed 
for the Meeting, 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, failing which, 
the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the same 
person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
8.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, manages the 
business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and moderates the debate, and 
determines the mode of voting. 
8.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited to assist 
in any given matter, and may appoint one or more-vote counters, who are not required to be Covered 
Bondholders. 
9. 
QUORUM 
9.1 
The quorum at any Meeting will be: 
9.1.1 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, two or more persons holding or representing at least one 
third of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being 
outstanding, the holders of which are entitled to attended and vote or, at an adjourned Meeting, 
two or more persons being or representing Covered Bondholders entitled to attend and vote, 
whatever the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds so held or represented; or 
9.1.2 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (subject as provided 
below), two or more persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, the holders of which 
are entitled to attend and vote or, at an adjourned Meeting, two or more persons being or 
representing Covered Bondholders entitled to attend and vote, whatever the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds so held or represented; or 
9.1.3 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than in 
relation to a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only to Article 31.4 
(Obligation to act) and Article 32.4 (Obligation to exercise powers), only be capable of being 
effected after having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution) namely: 
(a) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of 
the method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment or, 
where applicable, modification of the method of calculating the date of payment in 
respect of any principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to be made; 
(c) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution;

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
(d) 
any amendment to the Covered Bond Guarantee or the Deeds of Pledge or the Deed of 
Charge (except in a manner determined by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders not to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders 
of any Series); 
(e) 
the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, conversion or 
substitution of the Covered Bonds for, or the conversion of such Covered Bonds into, 
shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any 
other person or body corporate, formed or to be formed; and 
(f) 
alteration of this Article 9.1.3; 
(each a "Series Reserved Matter"), the quorum shall be two or more persons being or 
representing holders of not less than two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount 
of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned 
meeting, two or more persons being or representing not less than one-third of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being 
outstanding. 
provided that, if in respect of any Covered Bonds the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor 
Paying Agent, as the case may be has received evidence that ninety per cent (90 per cent.) of 
the Outstanding Principal Amount of Covered Bonds then outstanding is held by a single 
Holder and the Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction so states, then a single Voter 
appointed in relation thereto or being the Holder of the Covered Bonds thereby represented 
shall be deemed to be two Voters for the purpose of forming a quorum. 
10. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
10.1 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes after the time 
fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a 
quorum is present: 
10.1.1 
if such Meeting was convened upon the requisition of Covered Bondholders, the Meeting shall 
be dissolved; and 
10.1.2 
in any other case, the Meeting shall be adjourned (i) until such date (which shall be not less 
than 14 days and not more than 42 days later) and to such place as the Chairman determines or 
(ii) on the date and at the place indicated in the notice convening the Meeting (if such notice 
sets out the date and place of any adjourned Meeting); provided that, in any case: 
(a) 
a Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum; and 
(b) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders together so decide. 
10.2 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) after 
the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of any 
particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for 
which a quorum is present, the Chairman may either (with the approval of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders) dissolve such meeting or adjourn the same for such period, being not less than 13 
clear days (but without any maximum number of clear days), and to such place as may be appointed by 
the Chairman either at or subsequent to such adjourned meeting and approved by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders. 
11. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
Except as provided in Article 10 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum), the Chairman may, with the prior 
consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting to another time 
and place. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might have

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
been transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
12. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
12.1 
Notice required 
Article 7 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for lack of a 
quorum except that: 
12.1.1 
10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day on which 
the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
12.1.2 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the 
Meeting resumes. 
12.2 
Notice not required 
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be necessary to give 
notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than those described in Article 10 
(Adjournment for Want of Quorum). 
13. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
13.1 
Voters; 
13.2 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
13.3 
representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
13.4 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
13.5 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; and 
13.6 
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
14. 
VOTING BY SHOW OF HANDS 
14.1 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by a show of 
hands. 
14.2 
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman's 
declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed or passed by a particular majority or 
rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be conclusive without proof of the number of votes 
cast for, or against, the resolution. 
15. 
VOTING BY POLL 
15.1 
Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any one or more-Voters, whatever the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds held or represented by such Voter(s). A poll may be taken 
immediately or after such adjournment as is decided by the Chairman but any poll demanded on the 
election of a Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be taken immediately. A valid demand 
for a poll shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business. The result of 
a poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the Meeting at which the poll was demanded. 
15.2 
The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the votes, and 
may set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in compliance with the 
terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. After voting ends, the votes shall be counted

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
and, after the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the Meeting the outcome of the vote. 
16. 
VOTES 
16.1 
Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
16.1.1 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
16.1.2 
on a poll every Voter who is present shall have one vote in respect of each Euro 1,000 or such 
other amount as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its absolute discretion 
stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders of Covered Bonds denominated in another 
currency, such amount in such other currency as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in its absolute discretion may stipulate) in the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the Covered Bonds it holds or represents. 
16.2 
Block Voting Instruction 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the case of a 
Proxy, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is entitled or to cast all 
the votes he exercises the same way. 
16.3 
Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
17. 
VOTING BY PROXY 
17.1 
Validity 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate 
appointing a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate or any 
instruction pursuant to which it has been given had been amended or revoked provided that none of the 
Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Chairman has been notified in writing of 
such amendment or revocation at least 24 hours prior to the time set for the relevant Meeting. 
17.2 
Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate in 
relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such Meeting following an 
adjournment save that no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to a meeting originally convened 
which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in force in relation to such meeting when it 
is resumed. Any person appointed to vote at such Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block Voting 
Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
18. 
RESOLUTIONS 
18.1 
Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following powers 
exercisable by Ordinary Resolution, to: 
18.1.1 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to be the 
subject of a resolution or determined by a Meeting and not required to be the subject of an 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.1.2 
to authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary Resolution. 
18.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power exercisable by

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Extraordinary Resolution to: 
18.2.1 
sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders or any 
of them; 
18.2.2 
approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the rights of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Covered 
Bondholders or any of them, whether such rights arise under the Programme Documents or 
otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the Conditions or of any Programme Document or any 
arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, which, in any such case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and/or any other party thereto; 
18.2.3 
assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Programme Documents 
which shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or of any Covered Bondholder; 
18.2.4 
direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to issue an Issuer Default Notice as a 
result of an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 10(a) (Issuer Event of Default) or a 
Guarantor Default Notice as a result of a Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to Condition 
10(d) (Guarantor Event of Default); 
18.2.5 
discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders from any Liability in relation to any act or omission for which the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has or may become liable pursuant or in relation 
to these Rules, the Conditions or any other Programme Document; 
18.2.6 
waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer, the Guarantor or (if relevant) 
any other Transaction Party of its obligations under or in respect of these Rules, the Covered 
Bonds or any other Programme Document or any act or omission which might otherwise 
constitute an Event of Default; 
18.2.7 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, must be granted by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
18.2.8 
authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
compliance with these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Programme 
Document; 
18.2.9 
to appoint any persons (whether Covered Bondholders or not) as a committee to represent the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and to confer on any such committee any powers which 
the Covered Bondholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.2.10 
authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution. 
18.3 
Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to take action pursuant to Condition 10(b)(ii)(c) (Issuer Event of Default – 
Covered Bond Guarantee) or Condition 10(c)(iii) (Guarantor Event of Deafault – Breach of other 
obligation) or Condition 10(d)(iv) (Guarantor Event of Default – Enforcement) or to appoint or remove 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 26 (Appointment, Removal and 
Remuneration) or to take any other action required by the Conditions or any Programme Documents to 
be taken by Programme Resolution. 
18.4 
Other Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution other than a Programme Resolution that is passed

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
by the Holders of one Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective in respect of another Series of Covered 
Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (as the case may 
be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding of that other Series. 
19. 
EFFECT OF RESOLUTIONS 
19.1 
Binding nature 
Subject to Article 18.4 (Other Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a Meeting of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules shall be 
binding upon all Covered Bondholders of any such Series, whether or not present at such Meeting and or 
not voting. A Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all 
Series shall be binding on all holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not present at the 
meeting. 
19.2 
Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Covered Bondholders shall be 
published (at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the Issuer Paying 
Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be (with a copy to the Issuer, the Guarantor and 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders within 14 days of the conclusion of each Meeting). 
20. 
CHALLENGE TO RESOLUTIONS 
Any absent or dissenting Covered Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are not 
passed in compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
21. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in books provided 
by the Issuer for that purpose. The Minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and shall be prima facie 
evidence of the proceedings therein recorded. Unless and until the contrary is proved, every Meeting in 
respect of which minutes have been signed by the Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly 
convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted shall be regarded as having been 
duly passed and transacted. 
22. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect of matters 
required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
23. 
INDIVIDUAL ACTIONS AND REMEDIES 
Each Covered Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Condition 15 (Limited 
Recourse and Non Petition) and, accordingly, if any Covered Bondholder is considering bringing 
individual actions or using other individual remedies to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee (hereinafter, a "Claiming Covered Bondholder"), then such Claiming Covered Bondholder 
intending to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds will notify the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders of his/her intention. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall inform 
the other Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of such prospective 
individual actions and remedies and invite them to raise, in writing, any objection that they may have by 
a specific date not more than 30 days after the date of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders' 
notification and not less than 10 days after such notification. If Covered Bondholders representing 5 per 
cent. or more of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds then outstanding 
object to such prospective individual actions and remedies, then the Claiming Covered Bondholder will 
be prevented from taking any individual action or remedy (without prejudice to the fact that, after a 
reasonable period of time, the same matter may be resubmitted to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders pursuant to the terms of this Article 23). 
24. 
MEETINGS AND SEPARATE SERIES

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
24.1 
Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more than one 
Series the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject to the following modifications: 
24.1.1 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of only one Series shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a 
separate meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of that Series; 
24.1.2 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of more than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between 
the holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series so affected shall be deemed to have been 
duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all the Series 
so affected; 
24.1.3 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of more than one Series and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest 
between the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series or group of Series so affected and the 
holders of the Covered Bonds of another Series or group of Series so affected shall be deemed 
to have been duly passed only if passed at separate meetings of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds of each Series or group of Series so affected; 
24.1.4 
a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a single 
meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series; and 
24.1.5 
to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall mutatis mutandis apply as 
though references therein to Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders were references to the 
Covered Bonds of the Series or group of Series in question or to the holders of such Covered 
Bonds, as the case may be. 
24.2 
Denominations other than Euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in Euro in the 
case of any Meeting or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders of Covered Bonds of more 
than one currency (whether in respect of the meeting or any adjourned such Meeting or any poll 
resulting therefrom or any such request or Written Resolution) the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
such Covered Bonds shall be the equivalent in Euro at the relevant Swap Rate. In such circumstances, 
on any poll each person present shall have one vote for each Euro 1.00 (or such other Euro amount as 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds (converted as above) which he holds or represents. 
25. 
FURTHER REGULATIONS 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may, without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations regarding the holding of 
Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of a Written Resolution as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its sole discretion may decide. 
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
26. 
APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION 
26.1 
Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders takes place by Programme 
Resolution in accordance with the provisions of this Article 26, except for the appointment of the first 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders which will be Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A.. 
26.2 
Identity of Representative of the Covered Bondholders

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be: 
26.2.1 
a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated in any 
other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or 
26.2.2 
a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant 
to Article 106 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1993; or 
26.2.3 
any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set out in Article 2399 
of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative of the Covered Bondholders and, if 
appointed as such, they shall be automatically removed. 
26.3 
Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is removed by Programme Resolution of the 
Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 18.3 (Programme Resolution) or resigns pursuant to Article 27 
(Resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), it shall remain in office until full 
repayment or cancellation of all the Covered Bonds. 
26.4 
After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders for 
any reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until the substitute Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, which shall be an entity specified in Article 26.2 (Identity of Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders), accepts its appointment, and the powers and authority of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders whose appointment has been terminated shall, pending the 
acceptance of its appointment by the substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential 
functions required in connection with the Covered Bonds. 
26.5 
Remuneration 
The Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, shall pay to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders an 
annual fee for its services as Representative of the Covered Bondholders from the Issue Date, as agreed 
either in the initial agreement(s) for the issue of and subscription for the Covered Bonds or in a separate 
fee letter. Such fees shall accrue from day-to-day and shall be payable in accordance with the priority of 
payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) the date when all the Covered 
Bonds of whatever Series shall have been repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions. 
27. 
RESIGNATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three calendar 
months' written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, without needing to provide any specific reason 
for the resignation and without being responsible for any costs incurred as a result of such resignation. 
The resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not become effective until a new 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has been appointed in accordance with Article 26.1 
(Appointment) and such new Representative of the Covered Bondholders has accepted its appointment, 
provided that if Covered Bondholders fail to select a new Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
within three months of written notice of resignation delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may appoint a successor which is a 
qualifying entity pursuant to Article 26.2 (Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
28. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
28.1 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is the legal representative of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the Programme 
Documents in order to protect the interests of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
28.2 
Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is 
responsible for implementing all resolutions of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has the right to convene and attend Meetings (together with its advisers) to 
propose any course of action which it considers from time to time necessary or desirable. 
28.3 
Delegation 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in the exercise of the powers, discretions and 
authorities vested in it by these Rules and the Programme Documents: 
28.3.1 
act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders; 
28.3.2 
whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Covered Bondholders, whether by 
power of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or fluctuating body of 
persons some, but not all, of the powers, discretions or authorities vested in it as aforesaid. 
Any such delegation pursuant to Article 28.3.1 may be made upon such conditions and subject to such 
regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
think fit in the interest of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall not be bound to supervise the acts or proceedings of such delegate or sub-delegate and shall not in 
any way or to any extent be responsible for any loss incurred by reason of any misconduct, omission or 
default on the part of such delegate or sub-delegate, provided that the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall use all reasonable care in the appointment of any such delegate and shall be 
responsible for the instructions given by it to such delegate. The Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the 
appointment of any delegate and any renewal, extension and termination of such appointment, and shall 
procure that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any 
sub-delegate as soon as reasonably practicable. 
28.4 
Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders in any judicial proceedings including any Insolvency Event in respect of the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor. 
28.5 
Consents given by Representative of Covered Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders under these Rules and 
any other Programme Document may be given on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders deems appropriate and, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in the Rules or in the Programme Documents, such consent or approval may be given 
retrospectively. 
28.6 
Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have 
absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and discretion vested in the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders by these Rules or by operation of law. The Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for any loss, costs, damages, expenses or other 
liabilities that may result from the exercise or non-exercise thereof except insofar as the same are 
incurred as a result of its gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful misconduct (dolo). 
28.7 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is entitled 
to exercise its discretion hereunder, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has the right (but not 
the obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to obtain the Covered Bondholders'

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
instructions as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall be entitled to request that the Covered Bondholders indemnify it and/or provide it 
with security as specified in Article 29.2 (Specific Limitations). 
28.8 
Remedy 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its sole discretion determine whether or not a 
default in the performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any obligation under the provisions of these 
Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Programme Documents may be remedied, and if the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders certifies that any such default is, in its opinion, not capable 
of being remedied, such certificate shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the Covered 
Bondholders, the other creditors of the Guarantor and any other party to the Programme Documents. 
29. 
EXONERATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
29.1 
Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or responsibilities in 
addition to those expressly provided herein and in the Programme Documents. 
29.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of the Article 29.1, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders: 
29.2.1 
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Issuer Event of 
Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or any other event, condition or act, the occurrence of 
which would cause a right or remedy to become exercisable by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders hereunder or under any other Programme Document, has occurred and, 
until the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has actual knowledge or express notice to 
the contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that no Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event 
of Default or such other event, condition or act has occurred; 
29.2.2 
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and performance by 
the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other parties of their obligations contained in these Rules, 
the Programme Documents or the Conditions and, until it shall have actual knowledge or 
express notice to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled 
to assume that the Issuer or the Guarantor and each other party to the Programme Documents 
are duly observing and performing all their respective obligations; 
29.2.3 
except as expressly required in these Rules or any Programme Document, shall not be under 
any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in performance of the provisions of 
these Rules or any other Programme Document; 
29.2.4 
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, 
suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Programme Document, or of any other 
document or any obligation or rights created or purported to be created hereby or thereby or 
pursuant hereto or thereto or request and/or obtain any legal opinion in connection therewith, 
and (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) it shall not have any responsibility 
for or have any duty to make any investigation in respect of or in any way be liable whatsoever 
for: 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, 
report, certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or obtained or required to 
be delivered or obtained at any time in connection with the Programme; 
(iii) the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated by 
the Servicer or compliance therewith;

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
(iv) the failure by the Issuer to obtain or comply with any licence, consent or other 
authorisation in connection with the purchase or administration of the assets 
contained in the Cover Pool; and 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Servicer and the Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case 
may be, or any other person in respect of the Cover Pool or the Covered Bonds; 
29.2.5 
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the issue 
of the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the persons entitled 
thereto; 
29.2.6 
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered Bonds by 
any credit or rating agency or any other person; 
29.2.7 
shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital, 
statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders contained herein or in any Programme Document or any certificate, 
document or agreement relating thereto or for the execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, 
enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof; 
29.2.8 
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or procuring 
registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or any Programme 
Document; 
29.2.9 
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect or 
failure in the right or title of the Guarantor in relation to the assets contained in the Cover Pool 
or any part thereof, whether such defect or failure was known to the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether 
capable of being remedied or not; 
29.2.10 
shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the Mortgage Loans 
contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.11 
shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Cover Pool or 
any part thereof provided by any person; 
29.2.12 
shall not be responsible for or have any Liability with respect to any loss or damage arising 
from the realisation of the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.13 
shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making or 
verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool or 
any Programme Document; 
29.2.14 
shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.15 
shall, when in these Rules or any Programme Document it is required in connection with the 
exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to have regard to the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders, have regard to the overall interests of the Covered Bondholders of each 
Series as a class of persons and shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Covered Bondholders whatever their number and, in 
particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for 
individual Covered Bondholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, 
any particular territory or taxing authority; 
29.2.16 
shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, it is 
of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or more Series 
would be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a 
written resolution of such Covered Bondholders holding not less than 50 per cent. of the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding; 
29.2.17 
shall, as regards at the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the Programme 
Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have regard to the interests of both the 
Covered Bondholders and the other creditors of the Issuer or the Guarantor but if, in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict between their 
interests the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have regard solely to the interest 
of the Covered Bondholders; 
29.2.18 
shall not (unless and to the extent ordered so to do by a court of competent jurisdiction) be 
under any obligation to disclose to any Covered Bondholders, any Other Creditor or any other 
person any confidential, financial, price sensitive or other information made available to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the Issuer, by the Guarantor or any other 
person in connection with these Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Programme 
Documents, and none of the Covered Bondholders, Other Creditors nor any other person shall 
be entitled to take any action to obtain from the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
any such information; 
29.2.19 
shall be entitled to assume, for the purposes of exercising any power, authority, duty or 
discretion under or in relation to these Rules that such exercise will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interest of the Covered Bondholders if, along with other factors, it has 
accessed the view of, and, in any case, with prior written notice to, the Rating Agency, and has 
ground to believe that the then current rating of the Covered Bonds would not be adversely 
affected by such exercise. If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to 
properly exercise its rights or fulfil its obligations, deems it necessary to obtain the valuation 
of the Rating Agency regarding how a specific act would affect the rating of the Covered 
Bonds, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall so inform the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, which will have to obtain the valuation at Issuer’s expense on behalf of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, unless the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders wishes to seek and obtain the valuation itself; 
29.2.20 
may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or discretion 
vested in it under these Rules or any Programme Document or any other agreement relating to 
the transactions herein or therein contemplated until it has been indemnified and/or secured to 
its satisfaction against any and all actions, proceedings, claims and demands which might be 
brought or made against it and against all Liabilities suffered, incurred or sustained by it as a 
result. Nothing contained in these Rules or any of the other Programme Documents shall 
require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to expend or risk its own funds or 
otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties or the exercise of any 
right, power, authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds for believing the repayment of 
such funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such risk or liability is not 
reasonably assured; and 
29.2.21 
shall not have any liability for any loss, liability, damages claim or expense directly or 
indirectly suffered or incurred by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Covered Bondholder, any 
Other Creditor or any other person as a result of any determination, any act, matter or thing 
that will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders as a whole or 
the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series. 
29.3 
Covered Bonds held by Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no Covered Bonds 
are, at any given time, held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
29.4 
Illegality

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to do anything 
which may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys or otherwise take 
risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its powers or discretion. The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may refrain from taking any action which would or might, 
in its opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of any agency of 
any state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed for any funds it 
expends, or that it will not be indemnified against any loss or Liabilities which it may incur as a 
consequence of such action. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may do anything which, in 
its opinion, is necessary to comply with any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
30. 
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION 
30.1 
Advice 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate or opinion of, or 
any written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, credit or rating agency 
or other expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not be liable for any loss occasioned by so acting. Any such 
opinion, advice, certificate or information may be sent or obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax 
transmission and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable for acting on any 
opinion, advice, certificate or information purporting to be so conveyed although the same contains 
some error or is not authentic and, in circumstances where in the opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to obtain such advice on any other basis is not practicable, notwithstanding any 
limitation of or cap on liability in respect thereof. 
30.2 
Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept (a) as 
sufficient evidence 
30.2.1 
as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer's or the Guarantor's knowledge, a 
certificate duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor; 
30.2.2 
that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantor to the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is expedient, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call for 
further evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on such 
certificate unless any of its officers in charge of the administration of these Rules shall have actual 
knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the certificate. 
30.3 
Resolution or direction of Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any resolution 
purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in respect whereof minutes 
have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage of Covered Bondholders, even 
though it may subsequently be found that there was some defect in the constitution of the Meeting or the 
passing of the Written Resolution or the giving of such directions or that for any reason the resolution 
purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting or the giving of the 
direction was not valid or binding upon the Covered Bondholders. 
30.4 
Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the Covered Bonds, 
may fully rely on the certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the 
regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time 
to time, which certificates are to be conclusive proof of the matters certified therein. 
30.5 
Clearing Systems

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as sufficient 
evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as true and accurate and 
signed on behalf of such clearing system as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers 
appropriate, or any form of record made by any clearing system, to the effect that at any particular time 
or throughout any particular period any particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its records as 
entitled to a particular number of Covered Bonds. 
30.6 
Certificates of Parties to Programme Document 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the Issuer or 
the Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other than the Issuer or 
the Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Programme Document, 
30.6.1 
in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly provided for 
under the Conditions or any Programme Document; 
30.6.2 
as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
30.6.3 
as to such party's opinion with respect to any issue 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional evidence in 
respect of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall not be held responsible for any Liabilities 
incurred as a result of having failed to do so unless any of its officers has actual knowledge or express 
notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained in the certificate. 
30.7 
Auditors 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating 
any auditors' report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report or certificate. 
31. 
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
31.1 
Modification 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and from time to time and without the 
consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders of any Series concur with the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making any modification (and for this purpose the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may disregard whether any such modification relates to a 
Series Reserved Matter) as follows: 
31.1.1 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which, in the sole 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, it may be expedient to make 
provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that such 
modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered 
Bondholders of any Series; and 
31.1.2 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which is of a formal, 
minor, administrative or technical nature or to comply with mandatory provisions of law; and 
31.1.3 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Programme Documents which, in the opinion 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, is to correct a manifest error or an error 
established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders acknowledges and agrees that at the Issuer request, 
pursuant to Condition 6(j)(d) (Benchmark Amendments) it will be obliged together with the Guarantor, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered Bondholders, subject (to the extent 
required) to the Issuer giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, 
or non-objection from, the competent regulatory authority to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of an amendment agreement to the 
Programme Documents).  
31.2 
Swap Basic Term Modification

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Any modification to the Swap Basic Term Modification must be previously approved in writing by the 
Liability Swap Provider. The Liability Swap Provider agrees to subscribe any other amendment of the 
Programme Documents to which is party which have been agreed with the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with these Rules. 
31.3 
Binding Nature 
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine, shall be binding upon the Covered 
Bondholders and, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders otherwise agrees, shall be 
notified by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
31.4 
Establishing an error 
In establishing whether an error has occured as such, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers it 
appropriate to rely and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard to any of the following: 
31.4.1 
a certificate from the Arrangers: 
(i) 
stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Programme Document; 
(ii) 
confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any other parties which is in 
any way inconsistent with such stated intention; and 
(iii) 
stating the modification to the relevant Programme Document that is required to 
reflect such intention; and 
31.4.2 
confirmation from the relevant credit rating agencies that, after giving effect to such 
modification, the Covered Bonds shall continue to have the same credit ratings as those 
assigned to them immediately prior to the modification. 
31.5 
Obligation to act 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and any other party in making any modifications to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the 
other Programme Documents if it is so directed by a Programme Resolution and then only if it is 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself 
liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
32. 
WAIVER 
32.1 
Waiver of Breach 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and from time to time without the 
consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders of any Series and, without prejudice to its rights in 
respect of any subsequent breach, condition, or event but only if, and in so far as, in its opinion the 
interests of the Holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series then outstanding shall not be materially 
prejudiced thereby: 
32.1.1 
authorise or waive, any proposed breach or breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any of the 
covenants or provisions contained in the Covered Bond Guarantee these Rules or the other 
Programme Documents; or 
32.1.2 
determine that any Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default shall not be treated 
as such for the purposes of the Programme Documents, 
without any consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders. 
32.2 
Binding Nature 
Any authorisation, or, waiver or determination may be given on such terms and subject to such

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
conditions (if any) as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine, shall be binding 
on all Covered Bondholders and, if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so requires, shall be 
notified to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as soon as 
practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with the provisions of the conditions relating to 
Notices and the relevant Programme Documents. 
32.3 
Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by this 
Article 32 (Waiver) in contravention of any express direction by a Programme Resolution, but so that no 
such direction shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made. 
32.4 
Obligation to exercise powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to waive or authorise any breach or 
proposed breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the 
Guarantee, these Rules or any of the other Programme Documents or determine that any Issuer Event of 
Default or Guarantor Event of Default shall not be treated as such if it is so directed by a Programme 
Resolution and then only if it is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to 
which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
32.5 
Notice of waiver 
If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so requires, the Issuer shall cause any such 
authorisation, waiver or determination to be notified to the Covered Bondholders and the Other 
Creditors, as soon as practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices). 
33. 
INDEMNITY 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, each Subscription Agreement and other document been agreed 
between the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s), the Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, has covenanted 
and undertaken to reimburse, pay or discharge (on a full indemnity basis) upon demand, to the extent not 
already reimbursed, paid or discharged by the Covered Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, losses, charges, 
expenses, damages, actions, proceedings, claims and demands (including without limitation legal fees 
and any applicable value added tax or similar taxes) properly incurred by or made against the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any entity to which the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has delegated any power, authority or discretion in relation to the exercise or purported 
exercise of its powers, authorities and discretions and the performance of its duties under and otherwise 
in relation to the preparation and execution of these Rules and the Programme Documents, including but 
not limited to legal and travelling expenses, and any stamp, issue, registration, documentary and other 
taxes or duties paid by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in connection with any action 
and/or legal proceedings brought or contemplated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
pursuant to the Programme Documents against the Issuer or the Guarantor, or any other person to 
enforce any obligation under these Rules, the Covered Bonds or the Programme Documents except 
insofar as the same are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful 
default (dolo) of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
34. 
LIABILITY 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall not be liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way in connection with the 
Programme Documents, the Covered Bonds, the Conditions or the Rules except in relation to its own 
fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo). 
35. 
SECURITY DOCUMENTS 
35.1 
The Deed of Pledge 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to exercise all the rights granted by

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
the Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Deed of Pledge. The beneficiaries of the Deed 
of Pledge are referred to in this Article 35 as the "Secured Bondholders". 
35.2 
Rights of Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
35.2.1 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Secured Bondholders, 
shall be entitled to appoint and entrust the Guarantor to collect, in the Secured Bondholders' 
interest and on their behalf, any amounts deriving from the pledged claims and rights, and 
shall be entitled to give instructions, jointly with the Guarantor, to the respective debtors of the 
pledged claims to make the payments related to such claims to any account opened in the 
name of the Guarantor and appropriate for such purpose; 
35.2.2 
The Secured Bondholders irrevocably waive any right they may have in relation to any amount 
deriving from time to time from the pledged claims or credited to any such account opened in 
the name of the Guarantor and appropriate of such purpose which is not in accordance with the 
provisions of this Article 35. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be 
entitled to collect, withdraw or apply, or issue instructions for the collection, withdrawal or 
application of, cash deriving from time to time from the pledged claims under the Deed of 
Pledge except in accordance with the provisions of this Article 35 and the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE OF AN NOTICE 
36. 
POWERS TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE GUARANTOR 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of a Guarantor Default Notice or, prior to service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, following the failure of the Guarantor to exercise any right to which it is 
entitled, pursuant to the Mandate Agreement the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its 
capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, shall be entitled (also 
in the interests of the Other Issuer Creditors) pursuant to Articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian Civil 
Code, to exercise certain rights in relation to the Cover Pool. Therefore, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, will be authorised, pursuant to the terms of the Mandate Agreement, to exercise, in the 
name and on behalf of the Guarantor and as mandatario in rem propriam of the Guarantor, any and all 
of the Guarantor's rights under certain Programme Documents, including the right to give directions and 
instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant Programme Documents. 
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
37. 
GOVERNING LAW 
These Rules are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of 
Italy. 
38. 
JURISDICTION 
The Courts of Milan will have jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to 
settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these Rules.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which, subject to any necessary amendments, will be completed for 
each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not 
form part of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms.  
[PRIIPs Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as 
amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (UE) 2016/97 (the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or 
superseded the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
PRIIPs Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 4 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] . 
[UK MIFIR product governance / target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the 
 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Tranche of Covered Bonds potentially constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers 
to EEA and UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to 
be “Applicable”.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): J48C8PCSJVUBR8KCW529 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Series or Tranche] [Description] Covered Bonds due [Maturity Date] 
Guaranteed by 
POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 81560046696F5A9E4320 
under the Euro 5,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 28 October 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [[∙]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended from time to time, the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
These Final Terms, published on [•], contain the final terms of the Covered Bonds and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer, Guarantor and the 
offer of the Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus, [including the supplement[s]] 
[is/are] available for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). [This Final 
Terms will be published on website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu].] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.)  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the “Conditions”) set forth in the prospectus dated 31 July 2020, which are incorporated by 
reference in the prospectus dated 28 October 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered 
Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended and superseded 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 28 October 2021 
[and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms are available for viewing on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of 
the Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and 
the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus, [including the supplement[s]] [is/are] available

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
for viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). [This Final Terms will be 
published on website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu.] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
 
[•] 
 
 
(iii) Date on which the Covered Bonds will 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Covered Bonds will be 
consolidated, form a single Series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[Series [●] Tranche [●] Covered Bonds due [●] 
issued on [●], ISIN Code [●]] on the Issue Date] 
 
 
 
2. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[Euro/UK Sterling/Swiss Franc/Japanese Yen/ US 
Dollar/Other] 
3. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
4. 
 
Issue Price: 
[•] %. of the aggregate nominal amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
5. 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] [plus integral multiples [•]] (as referred to 
under Condition 3) (Include the wording in square 
brackets where the Specified Denomination is 
€100,000 or equivalent plus multiples of a lower 
principal amount.)  
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
6. 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to the relevant month and year.]  
8. 
 (i) Extended Maturity Date of Guaranteed 
Amounts 
corresponding 
to 
Final 
Redemption Amount under the Covered 
Bonds Guarantee: 
[Not applicable / Specify date or (for Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and 
year] (as referred to in Condition 3 
 (ii) Extended 
Instalment 
Date 
of 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to 
Covered Bond Instalment Amounts 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee: 
[Not Applicable/ Applicable]

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
9. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] % Fixed Rate] 
[[●]+/– [●] % Floating Rate] 
(further particulars specified in [14]/[15]/[16] 
below) 
10. 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at 100 % at least of their 
nominal amount] 
[Instalment] [The Covered Bonds shall be 
redeemed in the Covered Bond Instalment 
Amounts and on the Covered Bond Instalment 
Dates set out in paragraph [●] below.] 
 
11. 
 
Change of Interest 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
[Change of interest rate may be applicable in case 
an Extended Maturity Date is specified as 
applicable, as provided for in Condition 7] 
12. 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable]  
[Investor Put (as referred in Condition 7)]  
[Issuer Call (as referred in Condition 7)][(further 
particulars specified in paragraph [17]/[18]below)] 
13. 
 
[Date of [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered 
Bonds 
[and 
Covered 
Bonds 
Guarantee] [respectively]] obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively]  
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Covered Bonds or related Covered 
Bonds Guarantee)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (as referred in 
Condition [5])]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date.  
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[●][specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
“Business Day”]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360  
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(vi)  
[Determination Date(s): 
[[•] in each year/Not Applicable]] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).) 
15. 
 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (as referred to in 
Condition 6)] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than 
Interest Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the 
Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise, insert “Not Applicable”) 
 
(iii) 
Payment Dates: 
[•] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. If the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert “Not 
Applicable”) 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/FRN Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Paying Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
(no need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to 
perform this function)] 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
Reference Rate: [•] month [EURIBOR] 
 
• 
Reference Banks:  
[[•]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
(For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels 
time) 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
(For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-
zone means the region comprised of the countries 
whose lawful currency is the euro)” 
 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this subparagraph) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
 
 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(The 2021 ISDA Definitions should not be selected 
before their effective date of 4 October 2021) 
 
 
[    ] 
 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in 
the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)) 
 
• Designated Maturity: 
[    ]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-
free rate) 
 
• Reset Date: 
[    ] 
 
(x) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•]% per annum 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•]% per annum 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•]% per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/360 
30/360  
30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
16. 
 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](as referred in 
Condition 7)  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
Covered Bonds and method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
Maximum Redemption Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
17. 
 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable](as referred in 
Condition 7) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bonds: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
18. 
 
Final Redemption Amount of Covered 
Bonds 
[•] per Calculation Amount (as referred in 
Condition 7)]  
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
19. 
 
Early Redemption Amount 
Early redemption amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on acceleration following a 
Guarantor Event of Default: 
[Not Applicable/[•] per Calculation Amount](as 
referred in Condition 7)  
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
20. 
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
21. 
 
Details relating to Covered Bonds for which 
principal is repayable in instalments: amount 
of each instalment, date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
[Not Applicable/ The Covered Bonds shall be 
redeemed on each instalment date set out below in 
the instalment amounts set out below] 
 
 
Covered 
Bond 
Instalment Date 
Covered 
Bond 
Instalment 
Amount 
 
 
[•] 
[•]

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
Maturity Date 
[All outstanding instalment 
amounts 
not 
previously 
redeemed] 
 
 
 
 
[Third party information 
 
(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. 
By: 
________________________ 
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. 
 
By: 
________________________ 
Duly authorised 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING  
 
 (i) 
Listing 
[Official 
List 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/Other]/[Not applicable] 
 (ii) 
Admission to trading 
Application [is expected to be/has been] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Covered 
Bonds to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market 
of 
the 
[Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/Other with effect from [•] / Not 
Applicable]. 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Covered Bonds are 
already admitted to trading.). 
 
- 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
 RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued [[have

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
been]/[are expected]] to be rated]/[The following 
ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds of this 
type 
issued 
under 
the 
Programme 
generally:][Not applicable] 
 
 
 
[Fitch]: [●]] 
 
[●]: [•] 
 
 
 
[∙] (Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider) 
 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, where 
the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
[Each of Fitch / [●] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, on credit rating 
agencies as amended by Regulation (EU) No 
513/2011 and Regulation (EU) No. 462/2013 on 
credit rating agencies (as amended from time to 
time, the EU CRA Regulation) as set out in the 
list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
published on the website of the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to the 
EU CRA Regulation (for more information 
please visit the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
webpage) 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) / [●] is established in the 
UK and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 , on credit rating agencies as 
amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and 
Regulation (EU) No. 462/2013 on credit rating 
agencies, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended from 
time to time, the UK CRA Regulation)] / [have 
not been issued or endorsed by any credit rating 
agency which is established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies on credit 
rating agencies as amended by Regulation (EU) 
No 513/2011 and Regulation(EU) No. 462/2013 
on credit rating agencies (as amended from time 
to time, the EU CRA Regulation) / have not 
been issued or endorsed by any credit rating 
agency which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
on credit rating agencies on credit rating 
agencies as amended by Regulation (EU) No 
513/2011 and Regulation (EU) No. 462/2013 on 
credit rating agencies as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(as amended from time to time, the UK CRA 
Regulation)]. 
 
(Include the relevant wording as applicable 
depending on the relevant rating agency 
assigning a rating to the Covered Bonds issued)” 
3. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
 
 
[General funding purposes of the BPS Group] / 
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Covered 
Bonds will be used to finance or refinance 
Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social 
Projects or Eligible Sustainable Social Projects 
(as defined in the section “Use of Proceeds”)].  
(If the Covered Bonds are denominated “Green 
Bonds”, “Social Bonds” or “Sustainability 
Bonds” describe the relevant Eligible Green 
Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible 
Sustainable Projects to which the net proceeds of 
the Covered Bonds will be applied or make 
reference to the relevant bond framework to 
which the net proceeds of the Covered Bonds 
will be applied.)  
 
(Applicable only in the case of securities to be 
classified as Green Bonds. If not applicable, 
delete this paragraph.) 
[Further 
details 
on 
[Eligible 
Green 
Projects]/[Eligible 
Social 
Projects]/[Eligible 
Sustainable Projects] are included in the 
[Framework Agreement], made available on the 
Issuer’s website in the investor relations section 
at [∙]] 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus)” 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
 
[    ] 
4. 
 INTERESTS 
OF 
NATURAL 
AND 
LEGAL 
PERSONS 
INVOLVED 
IN 
THE 
ISSUE/OFFER

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and [its] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Offering Circular under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
 Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•]/[Not Applicable 
 
 
6. 
 Floating Rate Covered Bonds only – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/specify other Reference Rate] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters]/[●]./ [Not Applicable] 
 
7. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
CFI 
[•] [[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not Available]] 
 
FISN 
[•] [[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not Available]] 
 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
and the relevant identification number(s):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)]  
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names 
and 
Specified 
Offices 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
 
[Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices for the purposes of Condition 16 
(Notices): 
Any notice delivered to Covered Bondholders 
through the clearing systems will be deemed to have 
been given on the [second] [business] day after the 
day on which it was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be held 
in a form which would allow Eurosystem eligibility

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
(i.e. issued in dematerialised form (emesse in forma 
dematerializzata) 
and 
wholly 
and 
exclusively 
deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance with 
article 83-bis of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998, as amended, through the 
authorised institutions listed in article 83-quater of 
such legislative decree) and does not necessarily 
mean that the Covered Bonds will be recognized as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
8. 
 (i) 
Method of distribution: 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any):      
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
[Not Applicable/give names and business 
address] 
[Not Applicable/ give names and business 
address] 
 
 
 
9. 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names and business 
address] 
 
10. 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
 
[Not Applicable/Compliant with Regulation S 
under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933] 
 
 
11. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Covered Bonds clearly does 
not constitute "packaged" products or the 
Covered Bonds do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will 
be prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Covered Bonds may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
12. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the offer of the Covered Bonds clearly does 
not constitute "packaged" products, or the 
Covered Bonds do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will 
be prepared in the UK "Not Applicable" 
should be specified. If the Covered Bonds may 
constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
13. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the sale of each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be used by the 
Issuer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms relating to the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds, either: 
(a) for general funding purposes of the BPS Group; or 
(b) to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects 
and/or Eligible Sustainable Projects (each as defined below). 
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green Bond 
Principles (GBP), only Tranches of Covered Bonds financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects (above 
mentioned at (b)) will be denominated Green Bonds.   
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Social Bond Principles (SBP), only Tranches of Covered 
Bonds financing or refinancing Eligible Social Projects (above mentioned at (b)) will be denominated Social 
Bonds.  
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG), only Tranches of 
Covered Bonds financing or refinancing Eligible Sustainable Projects (above mentioned at (b)) will be 
denominated Sustainability Bonds. 
Definitions: 
Eligible Green Projects will be defined in accordance with the the broad categorisation of eligibility for Green 
Projects as set out in the GBP or as from time to time otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. 
Eligible Social Projects will be defined in accordance with the the broad categorisation of eligibility for Social 
Projects as set out in the SBP or as from time to time otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. 
Eligible Sustainable Projects will be defined as a combination of both Eligible Green Projects and Eligible 
Social Projects as set out in the SBG or as from time to time otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
THE ISSUER  
1. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE ISSUER  
BPS is the parent company (the Parent Company) of the BPS Group and, inspired by principles of small-scale 
retail lending, provides savings deposit and lending services in various forms, as well as private and investment 
banking, asset management, leasing, bancassurance and consumer credit services to its customers. BPS focuses 
on the territories where its subsidiaries have historically been established, with a special focus on providing 
services to families and small and medium-sized businesses and cooperatives. 
Within the BPS Group, the Issuer, which is an operating Parent Company performing guidance, governance and 
control functions for the BPS Group, essentially engages in the following business operations: 
− 
guidance, coordination and control, via its setting of the BPS Group's guidelines, of business and 
financial planning, organisational structure, strategic objectives, administration and accounting, credit 
management policies and human resources management policies. The Issuer also performs activities the 
purpose of which is the management and control of risks deriving from the business operations of the 
BPS Group's companies; 
− 
acting as a hub for the coordination and oversight of policies for the management of the structural items 
comprising assets and liabilities, both its own and those of the other companies belonging to the BPS 
Group, with the objectives of optimising available capital, identifying transactions and funding structures 
for the BPS Group, through initiatives on the domestic and international markets, as well as oversight of 
liquidity requirements and related trends; and 
− 
providing support, control functions and guidance services for the BPS Group's business operations, with 
a view to facilitating business development and allowing for effective services to be provided to 
customers. 
 
In Italy, the BPS Group, as of 30 June 2021, has a market share of 2,14% based on the number of branches, 1,40 
% in terms of lending and 1,57% in terms of deposits.  
As at 30 June 2021, the BPS Group’s employees consisted of 3,370 employees. 
Company name 
The Issuer's legal and commercial name is “Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A.”, the commercial name in short 
“Popso”. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) 
J48C8PCSJVUBR8KCW529 
Place of registration of the Issuer and its registration number  
The Issuer is on the Companies Register of Sondrio, Italy, at no. 00053810149. The Issuer is also on the 
Register of Banks held by the Bank of Italy at no. 842. 
Date of incorporation and length of life of the Issuer  
The Issuer is a co-operative limited by shares (società cooperativa per azioni) incorporated by deed of 
Giambattista Caimi, Notary public, registered in Sondrio on 6 March 1871 with no. 315. 
The duration of the Issuer is set, pursuant to Article 3 of its Articles of Association, up to 31 December 2050

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
and may be extended. 
Domicile and legal form of the Issuer, legislation under which the Issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, website address and address and telephone number of its registered office 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio is a co-operative limited by shares (società cooperativa per azioni) incorporated in 
Sondrio, Italy and operating under Italian law. The address of the Issuer's registered office is Piazza Garibaldi, 
16, 23100 Sondrio, Italy, phone +39 (0342)528.111, website address www. popso.it. 
Credit ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer has been rated “BB+” (long-term issuer default rating) and “B” 
(short-term issuer default rating) by Fitch, “BBB (low)” (long-term issuer rating) and “R-2 (middle)” (short-
term issuer rating) by DBRS.  
The Issuer rating assigned by Scope Rating GmbH (Scope) is “BBB-”. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Sustainability rating 
The Issuer has been assigned a sustainability rating equal to “EE” by the independent agency Standard Ethics, at 
the end of an analysis process conducted for the first time in a solicited form. 
Proceedings converting BPS into a joint-stock company  
Article 1 of the Decree 3/2015 provides for the reform of cooperative banks (banche popolari). In particular, 
Article 29 of the Consolidated Banking Act was amended to introduce a new paragraph 2 bis, which states that 
the total assets of a cooperative bank cannot exceed €8 billion. Additionally, new paragraph 2 ter of Article 29 
of the Consolidated Banking Act states that, if the total assets of a cooperative bank exceed that threshold, the 
cooperative bank will be required to change its corporate form by converting into a joint-stock company.  
In the event of conversion into a joint-stock company, the Decree 3/2015 provided cooperative banks the option 
to amend their by-laws to include a ceiling on voting rights of shareholders at General Meetings, provided that 
the ceiling is not less than 5% of the bank's share capital with voting rights, for a maximum period of 24 months 
from the date of entry into force of the Law N. 33 dated 24 March 2015.  
The Bank of Italy issued on 9 June 2015 the implementing provisions of Law No. 33 dated 24 March 2015, 
including the provisions in relation to the mandatory conversion from a cooperative bank to a joint-stock 
company. Cooperative banks with assets over €8 billion had 18 months (starting from 27 June 2015, being the 
date on which the Bank of Italy's implementing provisions entered into force) to convert into joint-stock 
companies.  
In observance of the Decree 3/2015, in July 2015 BPS started the process of conversion to a joint stock 
company. In this respect, on 8 October 2015, the Board of Directors of BPS, following consultation with the 
Board of Auditors, approved the plan of initiatives that were intended to comply with the requirement provided 
under Decree 3/2015 together with, inter alia, a first set of amendments to the by-laws aimed at assuring 
compliance with the regulations in force. An extraordinary general meeting was called on 17 December 2016 to 
examine the proposal of the new legal status and adaptation of the by-laws of BPS, but the bank was legally 
unable to hold it. In particular, on 15 December 2016, the Chairman of the VIth section of the Italian Council of 
State issued a temporary decree suspending the deadline for the mandatory transformation of cooperative banks 
into joint-stock companies that was fixed by the reform; further, by an injunction issued on 16 December 2016, 
the Milan Court prevented the above-mentioned extraordinary meeting from taking place.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Those urgent measures were then confirmed by the Milan Court on 10 January 2017 and by the Council of State 
on 12 January 2017. The latter definitively suspended the regulatory deadline for the conversion of Italian 
cooperative banks into joint-stock companies until publication of further instructions by the Council of State, 
once the decision is made by the Constitutional Court on the legitimacy of Law No. 33 dated 24 March 2015. 
On 21 March 2018, the Constitutional Court declared the constitutional legitimacy of Decree 3/2015, whose 
effects have been suspended by the Council of State.  
Subsequently to the Constitutional Court’s decision, on 28 October 2018 the Council State decided to refer the 
case to the Court of Justice of the European Union for a preliminary ruling, with particular reference to the rules 
imposing mandatory conversion (setting such threshold at Euro 8 billion) and allowing the bank to defer or 
limit, also for an indefinite period, the repayment of the shares of the withdrawing shareholders. 
Further, Decree Law no. 34 of 30 April 2019, converted into Law no. 58 of 28/6/2019, set 31 December 2020 as 
the deadline for conversion into a public limited company. Finally, on 17 July 2020, the first section of the 
European Court of Justice ruled that article 63 et seq. TFEU must be interpreted as not precluding legislation of 
a member state that sets an asset threshold on the exercise of banking activities by cooperative banks established 
in that member state as limited liability cooperative company above which those banks must be converted into 
shares limited liabilities companies, reduce their assets to below that threshold or be liquidated, provided that 
that legislation is appropriate for securing attainment of the general interest objectives pursued and does not 
exceed what is necessary to attain them, which is a matter for the referring court to ascertain. 
Further to the above, the Council of State, in its judgement published on 31 May 2021, found that the regulatory 
provisions implementing Law no. 33 of 24 March 2015 submitted to itself were lawful. In particular, the 
Council of State partly declared inadmissibility and partly rejected the ground for appeal presented. In addition, 
article 27(3-bis) of Law no. 120 of 11 September 2020 (conversion with amendments of Law Decree no. 76 of 
16 July 2020 on urgent measures for simplification and digital innovation) extended by one year, i.e. until 31 
December 2021, the deadline for the transformation into a joint-stock company of cooperative banks exceeding 
the threshold of EUR 8 billion in assets. 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio, in the light of the legal framework thus defined, will carry out the necessary 
fulfilments, in compliance with the provisions of the law and within the terms established therein. In this 
respect, on 5 August 2021 the Board of Directors approved the draft of the Articles of Association aimed at 
transforming the Bank into a joint stock company, which will be submitted to the Supervisory Authority. 
2. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
A brief description of the Issuer's principal activities and principal categories of products sold and/or 
services provided 
BPS engages in traditional retail banking services in the territories covered and offers related financial services 
to private individuals, businesses and institutions. As regards private individuals and businesses, the bank offers 
products and services in the following areas: 
− 
    products and services for families: in particular, bank accounts, mortgages, consumer credit, loans, 
payment instruments (credit and debit cards), insurance and pension products and on-line services; 
− 
    savings/investment products and insurance: such as the offer of bonds, managed savings, life insurance 
and other investment instruments;  
− 
    products and services for internationalisation: the bank supports companies which operate with foreign 
counterparties, offering a broad range of support services, both for its traditional commercial banking 
segment, and for more value-added products and services, such as products and services related to 
commercial exchanges with foreign counterparties or derivative products for the hedging of corporate

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
risks;  
− 
    home banking, remote banking, POS, mobile products and services. 
Asset management 
In the context of asset management, the bank offers both traditional and innovative investment solutions to 
private individuals, businesses and institutional investors. The range of services includes, among other things, 
portfolio advisory services, wealth management services, which are provided by a qualified and experienced 
team of specialised professionals within the bank, derivatives trading and trading of structured products. 
For asset management through mutual investment funds, the BPS Group has been party to trade agreements with 
Arca Fondi SGR S.p.A. since 1983. The BPS Group has also entered into trade agreements with Etica SGR 
S.p.A., which establishes and promotes exclusively socially responsible mutual investments in which the 
selection of assets is carried out on the basis of criteria of social and environmental responsibility. 
In addition to the above, in 1999 the Swiss subsidiary Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) founded Popso 
(Suisse) Investment Fund SICAV, a mutual investment fund organised under Luxembourg law with multiple 
sub-funds. Each sub-fund has its own pool of assets and liabilities and follows its own distinct investment 
strategy. Each sub-fund is therefore represented by one or more separate share classes. Investors currently have 
a choice of 13 sub-funds. 
Bancassurance and supplementary pensions schemes 
In the context of bancassurance, the bank operates in the life insurance segment via a partnership with Arca Vita 
and the Irish company Arca Vita International. In the non-life segment, Arca Assicurazioni's products are 
offered. The insurance solutions offered are aimed principally at private individuals and small/medium-sized 
businesses to meet such clients' insurance requirements as regards protecting their health, family and home. The 
bank offers a private pension scheme for those who intend to benefit from a complementary pension through the 
open-end pension fund Arca Previdenza of Arca Fondi SGR. 
Factoring 
The bank offers its customers factoring products through its subsidiary Factorit S.p.A., which provides a 
complete range of solutions for the factoring of trade receivables: pro solvendo (with recourse) factoring, pro 
soluto (non-recourse) financial factoring without notification, pro soluto (non-recourse) factoring with 
notification, pro soluto (non-recourse) non-financial factoring without notification, maturity factoring and 
payment on a certain date, export factoring, import factoring, as well as financing products, transfers of future 
receivables and “indirect factoring”. 
Leasing 
The bank’s leasing operations are conducted on the basis of trade agreements with Alba Leasing S.p.A., which 
offers real estate leasing and asset leasing, including auto, aircraft, ship and railway leasing services. Alba 
Leasing also operates in the renewables energy, nautical and public administration sectors. 
During 2018, the bank, together with two important automotive partners setup a car renting company to offer to 
its retail and business customers. Rent2go is able to make offers on every brand and model of vehicles, 
including commercial ones up to 35 quintals.  
Corporate Banking 
BPS offers corporate clients a range of high value-added financial products and services in the following macro-
areas: corporate lending, structured finance and related services (such as certifications of economic-financial

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
plans for project financing, acquisition financing and hedging), corporate finance (advisory services for 
extraordinary financial transactions and for corporate restructurings for succession planning purposes and 
private equity searches for companies interested in risk capital opportunities) and capital markets (only with 
respect to the structuring of mini-bond issues). 
Other Services 
Complementing the range of directly offered services, BPS has entered into distribution agreements with 
Compass Banca S.p.A. (Gruppo Mediobanca) for the offering of personal loans. The bank also offers its 
customers loan products through its subsidiary Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. in particular in support of the 
agriculture and agri-food sectors. Moreover, Banca della Nuova Terra offers retail customers particular loans 
which are reimbursable by the assignment of one fifth of the customer’s salary or pension and delegation of 
payment.  
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE  
Brief description of the BPS Group of which the Issuer is part and of the Issuer's position within the BPS 
Group  
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the BPS Group comprises the companies listed below. 
The amounts of the share capital of the Group companies reported below, are based on the attachement to the 
audited consolidated annual report on the Issuer’s operations as at 31 December 2020. 
Parent Company: 
− Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.C.p.A. — Sondrio 
Companies belonging to the BPS Group: 
− Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) SA – Lugano, Switzerland. 
The Parent Company holds the entire share capital of 180,000,000 Swiss Francs. 
− Factorit S.p.A. — Milan. 
The Parent Company holds 60.5% of the share capital of Euro 85,000,002. 
− Sinergia Seconda S.r.l. — Milan. 
The Parent Company holds the entire corporate capital of Euro 60,000,000. 
− Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. — Sondrio. 
The Parent Company holds the entire corporate capital of Euro 31,315,321. 
− POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. – Conegliano (TV). 
The Parent Company holds 60% of the corporate capital of Euro 10,000. 
• 
Other subsidiary Companies: 
− Pirovano Stelvio S.p.A. — Sondrio. 
The Parent Company holds the entire share capital of Euro 2,064,000.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
− Rajna Immobiliare S.r.l., — Sondrio 
The Parent Company holds 50% (joint control) of the corporate capital of Euro 20,000. 
− Servizi Internazionali e Strutture Integrate 2000 S.r.l. – Milan 
The Parent Company holds 100% of the corporate capital of Euro 75,000. 
− Rent2GO S.r.l. – Bolzano 33.33%of the corporate capital of Euro 12,050,000. 
Disclosure in respect of business segments  
The disclosure in respect of business segments is prepared in accordance with the provisions of IFRS8 and the 
following segments are identified: 
− 
enterprises: this segment includes “non-financial companies” and “family businesses”; this relates to 
credit and loans, endorsement loans, deposits, leasing and payment services. Revenues from currency 
transactions with resident and non-resident customers are also significant; 
− 
private parties and other customers: this segment includes "consumer families", "public administrations", 
"financial companies", "non-profit institutions"; the BPS Group includes results deriving from standard 
business transactions with this category of customers which are attributable to savings, medium/long-
term loans and consumer loans, collections and payments, issuance of debit and credit cards and 
collateral residual functions;  
− 
securities: this segment includes results from transactions with customers related to the trading of 
securities as a direct counterparty, the acceptance of orders, the placement of financial instruments and 
insurance and pension products, and management of securities portfolios; 
− 
central structure: for this segment, the BPS Group presents the results derived from the management of 
its portfolio of owned securities and shareholdings, exchange transactions entered into on its own 
account, and the exercise of treasury functions. In addition, it includes certain residual activities not 
classified elsewhere since the revenues earned are not significant. 
As of 30 June 2021, the BPS Group had a total of 370 branches. 
In Italy, the BPS Group operates through the Parent Company's distribution network. 
The principal territories where the BPS Group operates are Lombardia, Piemonte, Val d'Aosta, Liguria, Veneto, 
Trentino Alto Adige ed Emilia Romagna and in the area of Rome, as well as online internet banking within the 
same territories. 
Distribution of the BPS Group's branches as of 30 June 2021: 
 
No. of branches 
% 
BPS 
350 
94.59 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) 
20 
5.41

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
No. of branches 
% 
Total 
370 
100 
As regards the Issuer, the branches are organised into 14 territorial areas on the basis of criteria of geographical 
consistency. Each branch has operating autonomy and, as a rule, accounting autonomy. The coordination of the 
business operations of the branches within each area is entrusted to a coordinator, to whom the managers of the 
area branches report. In order to better serve high-level customers, the bank has established its own network of 
financial brokers, who support the branches, coordinated by the financial promotion office of the central 
headquarters. The network of brokers comprises 66 professionals who, for all intents and purposes, are included 
within the bank's organisational structure as employees. In the context of the offer of electronic multi-channel 
products and services aimed at private individuals, businesses and institutions, BPS also operates through the 
following channels: home banking, trading online, mobile, remote banking and ATM. The structure includes the 
“Virtual Unit”, an operating structure that manages relationships with customers who are resident in areas not 
served by traditional branches through online channels. The customers of the Virtual Unit are mainly 
professionals to whom dedicated products are offered. 
At the international level, the BPS Group is represented by branches in Switzerland and in the Principality of 
Monaco (BPS (Suisse)) and with a representative office in Shanghai (Sintesi 2000 Srl). 
Brief description of the BPS Group of which the Issuer is the Parent Company 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the structure of the BPS Group comprises the companies listed below. 
The amounts of the share capital of the Group companies reported below are based on the attachments to the 
audited consolidated annual report on the Issuer’s operations as at 31 December 2020. The fully consolidated 
shareholdings are: 
Name  
Head Office 
Share 
capital 
(in 
thousands) 
% held 
Banca 
Popolare 
di 
Sondrio (SUISSE) SA 
Lugano 
(CHF) 180,000 
100 
Factorit S.p.A. 
Milan 
85,000 
60.5 
Sinergia Seconda S.r.l. 
Milan 
60,000 
100 
Banca 
della 
Nuova 
Terra S.p.A. 
Sondrio 
31,315 
100 
Pirovano 
Stelvio 
S.p.A.* 
Sondrio 
2,064 
100

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
Servizi Internazionali e 
Strutture Integrate 2000 
S.R.L. * 
Milan 
75 
100 
Immobiliare San Paolo 
S.r.l.* 
Tirano 
10** 
100 
Immobiliare 
Borgo 
Palazzo S.r.l.* 
Tirano 
10** 
100 
Popso Covered Bond 
S.r.l. 
Conegliano 
10 
60 
* equity investments not included in the banking group 
** held by Sinergia Seconda S.r.l. 
Other companies included in the scope of consolidation: 
Name  
Head Office 
Share 
capital 
(in 
thousands) 
%held 
Alba Leasing S.p.A. 
Milan 
357,953 
19.264 
Arca Vita S.p.A. 
Verona 
208,279 
14.837 
Arca Holding S.p.A. 
Milan 
50,000 
34.715 
Unione Fiduciaria S.p.A. 
Milan 
5,940 
24.000 
Polis Fondi Sgrpa 
Milan 
5,200 
19.600 
Sofipo SA* 
Lugano 
(CHF) 2,000 
30.000 
Bormio Golf S.p.A. 
Bormio 
317 
25.237 
Lago di Como gal Scrl 
Canzo 
22 
28.953 
Acquedotto dello Stelvio 
Srl ** 
Bormio 
21 
27.000

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Sifas S.p.A. ** 
Bolzano 
1,209 
21.614 
Rent2Go Srl 
Bolzano 
12,050 
33.333 
Rajna Immobiliare S.r.l. 
Sondrio 
20 
50.000 
 
* held by Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) SA 
** held by Pirovano Stelvio S.p.A.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
BANCA POPOLARE DI SONDRIO GROUP  
25.2% 
19.6% 
19.3% 
14.8% 
24% 
100% 
60.5% 
100% 
100% 
21.6% 
27.0% 
100% 
100% 
 60% 
Arca Holding S.p.A. 
29% 
34.7% 
Bormio Golf S.p.A. 
100% 
Factorit  
S.p.A. 
POPSO 
 Covered Bond 
S.r.l. 
BNT Banca  S.p.A. 
100% 
Rent2Go S.r.l 
Rajna Immobiliare S.r.l 
33.3% 
50.0% 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
S.C.p.A.  
Banca Popolare di 
Sondrio (Suisse) SA 
Sinergia Seconda 
S.r.l. 
Immobiliare 
San Paolo S.r.l. 
Immobiliare 
Borgo 
Palazzo S.r.l. 
Pirovano Stelvio 
S.p.A. 
Acquedotto 
dello Stelvio 
S.r.l. 
Sifas S.p.A. 
Unione Fiduciaria S.p.A. 
Lago di Como GAL 
S.C.R.L 
Alba Leasing S.p.A. 
Polis Fondi Immobiliari di 
Banche Popolari 
S.G.R.p.A. 
Servizi Internazionali e 
Strutture Integrate 
2000 S.r.l. 
Arca Vita S.p.A. 
Sofipo SA 
30.0% 
Cossi S.p.A. 
18.3% 
Banking group 
Related companies 
Controlled companies not in 
the banking group 
Related/Indirectly 
controlled companies

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
3. 
DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGERS AND MEMBERS OF THE SUPERVISORY BODIES  
BPS has adopted a traditional governance system consisting of a Board of Directors comprising 15 Directors and a 
Board of Auditors comprising 3 Auditors and 2 Alternate Auditors. 
The Board of Directors has established among its members the Executive Committee (“Comitato esecutivo”), the 
Related Parties Committee (“Comitato operazioni con parti correlate”), the Remuneration Committee (“Comitato 
remunerazione”), the Audit and Risk Committee (“Comitato controllo e rischi”) and the Appointments Committee 
(“Comitato nomine”). 
Members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies  
The list of members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and the offices held in other companies are set out below. 
Board of Directors 
NAME AND SURNAME 
OFFICE 
HELD 
IN 
BPS 
PRINCIPAL 
OFFICES 
HELD 
IN 
OTHER 
COMPANIES 
Francesco Venosta **  
Chairperson  
− 
Unione Fiduciaria S.p.A. (Deputy Chairperson); 
− 
Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. (Chairperson of the 
Board of Directors); 
− 
Istituto della Enciclopedia Italiana Fondata da 
Giovanni Treccani S.p.A. (Director); 
− 
Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi 
(Director). 
Lino 
Enrico 
Stoppani 
*** 
Deputy Chairperson  
− 
Factorit S.p.A. (Director); 
− 
Immobiliare Borgo Palazzo S.r.l. (Sole Director); 
− 
Immobiliare San Paolo S.r.l. (Sole Director);  
− 
Pirovano Stelvio S.p.A. (Director); 
− 
Sinergia Seconda S.r.l. (Sole Director); 
− 
FIPE Federazione Italiana Pubblici Esercizi 
(Chairperson of the Board of Directors); 
− 
Confcommercio Imprese per l’Italia (Vicary Deputy 
Chairperson); 
− 
EPAM Associazione Pubblici Esercizi di Milano e 
Provincia (Chairperson of the Board of Directors ). 
Mario 
Alberto 
Chief Executive Officer 
− 
Factorit S.p.A. (Deputy Chairperson);

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
Pedranzini *** 
and Managing Director 
− 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) SA 
(Chairperson of the Board of Directors); 
− 
Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. (Director); 
− 
IEO Istituto Europeo di Oncologia (Director); 
− 
Associazione Bancaria Italiana (Director); 
− 
Associazione Nazionale fra le Banche Popolari 
(Deputy Chairperson). 
Alessandro Carretta *** 
Director 
− 
Associazione Italiana per il Factoring (General 
Secretary). 
Cecilia Corradini *** 
Director 
− 
N/A. 
Loretta Credaro *** 
Director 
− 
Vela Assicurazioni S.r.l. (Chairperson of the Board 
of Directors); 
− 
Sondrio Servizi al Terziario S.r.l. (Chairperson of 
the Board of Directors); 
− 
Confcommercio (National Director); 
− 
Unione Commercio, Turismo e Servizi della 
provincia di Sondrio (Chairperson of the Board of 
Directors); 
− 
C.C.I.A.A. Sondrio (Chairperson of the Board of 
Directors). 
Paolo Biglioli *** 
Director 
− 
N/A. 
Donatella Depperu *** 
Director 
− 
N/A. 
Federico Falck** 
Director 
− 
Falck Renewables S.p.A. (Director); 
− 
Falck S.p.A. (Director). 
Cristina Galbusera ** 
Director 
− 
Esprinet S.p.A. (Director). 
Adriano Propersi *** 
Director 
− 
Kiron Partner S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors); 
− 
Tecnomedia S.r.l. (Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors);

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
− 
Tecnocasa Franchising S.p.A. (Chairperson of the 
Board of Auditors); 
− 
La Ducale S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors); 
− 
Tag S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board of Auditors); 
− 
Accademia S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors); 
− 
SC Sviluppo Chimica S.p.A. (Chairperson of the 
Board of Auditors); 
− 
Centro Reach Srl (Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors); 
− 
Certiquality S.r.l. (Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors); 
− 
Saipem Offshore Construction S.p.A. (Auditor); 
− 
Feem Servizi S.r.l. (Sole auditor). 
Annalisa Rainoldi *** 
Director 
− 
Rainoldi Mac S.r.l. (Chairperson of the Board of 
Directors); 
− 
Rainoldi Legnami S.r.l. (Director). 
Serenella Rossi ** 
Director 
− 
Edison S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors). 
Domenico Triacca** 
Director 
− 
N/A. 
*These Directors shall be in office until the approval of the Annual Report for the year 2021. 
**These Directors shall be in office until the approval of the Annual Report for the year 2022. 
***These Directors shall be in office until the approval of the Annual Report for the year 2023. 
Board of Auditors* 
NAME 
AND 
SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN BPS 
PRINCIPAL 
OFFICES 
HELD 
IN 
OTHER 
COMPANIES 
Serenella Rossano 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors 
− 
Sind International S.p.A. (Auditor); 
− 
Augusto S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board of 
Directors);

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
− 
Balma, Capoduri & C. S.p.A. (Chairperson 
of the Board of Auditors) 
Laura Vitali 
Auditor 
− 
Musixmach S.p.A. (Auditors); 
− 
Club Acceleratori S.p.A. (Auditor); 
− 
Servizi Ecologici Ambientali S.r.L. (Auditor). 
Massimo De Buglio 
Auditor 
− 
Cossi Costruzioni S.p.A. (Auditor); 
− 
Autotorino S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board 
of Auditors); 
− 
Angel Capital Management S.p.A. (Auditor); 
− 
Immobiliare Diana S.p.A. (Chairperson of the 
Board of Auditors). 
Paolo Vido 
Alternate Auditor 
− 
Pirovano Stelvio S.p.A. (Auditor); 
− 
Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. 
Alessandro Mellarini 
Alternate Auditor 
− 
Eredi Baitelli S.p.A. (Auditor); 
− 
Europrogramme Fiduciaria S.p.A. (Auditor); 
− 
Scania Commerciale S.p.A. (Auditor); 
− 
Italscania S.p.A. (Auditor); 
− 
Scania Milano S.p.A. (Auditor); 
− 
S.i. mira.re S.r.l. (Single auditor); 
− 
Zodiaco 2005 S.r.l. (Sole director); 
− 
Property Service S.r.l. (Sole director); 
− 
Fidelconsult S.r.l. (Sole director); 
− 
Besta S.r.l. (Chairman of the Board of 
Directors); 
− 
Studio Mellarini & Associati (Chairman of the 
Board of Directors); 
− 
Studio Zanguio & Associati (Director); 
− 
Odorizzi Soluzioni in Pietra S.r.l. (Director); 
− 
Gambarotta Gschwendt S.r.l. (Director);

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
− 
Armenta S.r.l. (Director). 
All members of the Board of Directors and of the Board of Auditors meet the integrity and professional requirements 
provided for by the legislation and regulations currently in force.  
All members of the Board of Auditors are on the Register of Auditors. 
General Management  
NAME 
AND 
SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN BPS 
PRINCIPAL 
OFFICES 
HELD 
IN 
OTHER 
COMPANIES 
Giovanni Ruffini 
Deputy 
Vicar 
General 
Manager 
− 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) SA 
(Director); 
− 
Unione Fiduciaria S.p.A. (Director). 
Mario Erba 
Deputy General Manager 
and CCO 
− 
Arca Vita S.p.A. (Director); 
− 
Arca Holding S.p.A. (Director); 
− 
Servizi Internazionali e Strutture Integrate 2000 
S.r.l. (Chairperson of the Board of Directors). 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors, Board of Auditors and General Management is Banca 
Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A., Piazza Garibaldi, 16, 23100 Sondrio, Italy. 
Conflicts of interests of the administration, management and control bodies  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, and to the Parent Company's knowledge – including upon examination as 
required under article 36 of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, as converted into Law No. 214 of 22 December 
2011 – no member of the Board of Auditors, the Board of Directors or the general management of the Parent Company 
is subject to potential conflicts of interest between their obligations arising out of their office or employment with the 
Parent Company or the BPS Group and any personal or other interests, except for those that may concern transactions 
put before the competent bodies of the Parent Company and or/entities belonging to the BPS Group, such transactions 
having been undertaken in compliance with the relevant regulations in force. Also in the latter case, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus there are no conflicts of interests. 
The members of the administrative, management and control bodies of the Parent Company are required to implement 
the following provisions governing circumstances in which there exists a specific interest concerning the 
implementation of a transaction: 
− 
Article 53 (Supervisory regulations) of the Consolidated Banking Act and the relevant implementing regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy, with particular reference to the supervisory regulations relating to transactions with 
related parties; 
− 
Article 136 (Duties of banking officers) of the Consolidated Banking Act which requires the adoption of a 
particular authorisation procedure where an officer, directly or indirectly, assumes obligations towards the bank 
in which such officer has an administrative, management or control function; 
− 
Article 2391 ('Directors' interests) of the Italian Civil Code; and

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
− 
Article 2391-bis (Transactions with related parties) of the Italian Civil Code and the relevant implementing 
regulations issued by the CONSOB. 
The Issuer and its corporate bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to guarantee compliance with the 
above-mentioned provisions. 
4. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS.  
Entities controlling the Issuer 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, according to the public information currently available to the Issuer, the 
following entities hold directly or indirectly significant stakes in the capital of Banca Popolare di Sondrio: 
− 
UnipolSai Assicurazioni S.p.A. 9.512%; and 
− 
Amber Capital UK LLP 3.004%.  
No person or entity directly or indirectly controls the Issuer, as it is a cooperative bank in the context of which each 
member expresses only one vote at the meeting, regardless of the ownership of shares. No arrangements, the operation 
of which may at a subsequent time result in a change in control of the Issuer, are known to the same Issuer. 
5. 
TLTRO FUNDING 
As of 30 June 2021, the Issuer has four operations outstanding with the ECB (all TLTRO III): the first performed in 
December 2019, the second in March 2020, the third in June 2020 and last in March 2021 for a total of € 8.9 billion. 
The first one amounts to € 1.6 billion which expires on December 2022, the second amounts to € 2,1 billion which 
expires on March 2023, the third amounts to € 4,4 billion which expires on June 2023 and the last amount to € 0,8 
billion which expires on March 2024. The first three operations can be repaid early using quarterly windows starting 
from September 2021, the last one starting from March 2022 as indicated by the new rules introduced on March 2020 
following the crisis due to COVID-19. 
6. 
ASSET QUALITY 
Loans and Receivables with Customers – Impaired And Performing Loans 
in thousands of euro)                                     30-06-2021            31-12-2020                       31-12-2019  
 
Impaired loans 
Gross exposure 
2,264,578 
2,292,319 
 
3,732,063 
 
 
Adjustments 
1,245,488 
1,200,209 
 
2,158,087 
 
 
Net exposure 
1,019,090 
1,092,110 
 
1,573,976 
 
 
Non-
performing 
loans 
Gross exposure 
1,085,980 
1,078,268 
 
2,264,503 
 
 
Adjustments 
769,799 
732,456 
 
1,596,444 
 
 
Net exposure 
316,181 
345,812 
 
668,059 
 
 
Unlikely to pay 
loans 
Gross exposure 
1,104,699 
1,154,066 
 
1,401,400 
 
 
Adjustments 
466,649 
459,409 
 
552,225 
 
 
Net exposure 
638,050 
694,657 
 
849,175 
 
 
Past 
due 
Gross exposure 
73,899 
59,984 
 
66,160

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
and/or 
impaired 
overdrawn 
exposures 
Adjustments 
9,040 
8,343 
 
9,417 
 
 
Net exposure 
64,859 
51,641 
 
56,742 
 
 
Performing 
loans 
Gross exposure 
30,192,070 
28,483,492 
 
25,937,252 
 
 
Adjustments 
165,029 
195,877 
 
123,831 
 
 
Net exposure 
30,027,041 
28,287,615 
 
25,813,421 
 
 
Total loans and 
receivables 
with customers 
Gross exposure 
32,456,648 
30,775,811 
 
29,669,315 
 
 
Adjustments 
1,410,517 
1,396,087 
 
2,281,918 
 
 
Net exposure 
31,046,131 
29,379,724 
 
27,387,397 
 
 
7. 
REGULATORY CAPITAL 
As at 30 June 2021, the BPS Group’s capital ratios were as follows: Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 16,71 per cent. 
(phased-in), Tier 1 ratio of 16,75 per cent (phased-in) and a Total Capital ratio of 18,66 per cent. (phased-in).  
On a fully loaded basis as of 30 June 2021, BPS Group’s capital ratios were as follows: Common Equity Tier 1 ratio of 
16,62 per cent., Tier 1 ratio of 16,67 per cent. and a Total Capital ratio of 18,58 per cent. 
By means of a communication of 8 April 2020, the ECB, in view of the COVID-19 emergency, provided - with effect 
from 12 March 2020 - that the minimum CET1 requirement for the BPS Group for 2020 is 8.69 per cent., the minimum 
Tier 1 Capital Ratio requirement is 10.75 per cent., while the total capital ratio remained unchanged at 13.50 per cent. In 
accordance with a subsequent communication received from the ECB, the same requirements also apply for 2021. 
With regard to the 2020 SREP process, the ECB, taking into account the COVID-19 contingency, has informed that, as 
a general rule, no SREP decisions will be issued during the 2020 financial year; therefore, the additional capital levels 
determined as result of the outcome of the SREP procedures concluded during 2019 will continue to apply. 
BPS' Group has been subject to the 2021 stress test conducted by the ECB, which – as in the past – was conducted 
under the assumption of a static balance sheet at 31 December 2020 without taking into account corporate strategies 
and/or future management initiatives. According to the press release issued by BPS on 30 July 2021, BPS’ Group did 
not reveal any criticality and the stress test exercise confirmed the BPS’ Group’s capital strength both in the baseline 
and in the adverse scenario. At the end of 2023, the CET1 ratio would increase to 17.39% from 16.20%. 
8. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
BPS and the companies belonging to the BPS Group are subject to a number of court, legal and administrative 
proceedings related to the conduct of their core business operations. Set forth below is a brief description of the legal 
proceedings pending against the Issuer and the other companies belonging to the BPS Group which are considered the 
most important in the Issuer's opinion. 
Legal proceedings initiated against the Issuer 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the legal proceedings pending against the Issuer and the companies belonging to 
the BPS Group are, in the Issuer's opinion, to be considered ordinary in nature when taking into account the business 
operations involved, the size of the BPS Group and the risks inherent in the provision of banking and investment 
services. In any case, there remains the risk that the Issuer and its subsidiaries may incur losses in connection with the 
proceedings currently pending, including those concerning the matter of compound interest/usury, as described in 
further detail below.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
In line with the likelihood of losses of this type and with applicable accounting standards in force, as of 30 June 2021 
the Issuer has set aside a prudential reserve which it considers adequate to cover risks related to pending lawsuits, 
including the tax proceedings, of Euro 19.075 million. 
Litigation on the matter of compound interest/usury 
As of the date of the Base Prospectus, the total number of lawsuits pending against the BPS Group on the matter of 
compound interest remains at levels considered ordinary by the Issuer and the related risk is, in any case, covered by the 
prudential reserves set aside for risks and costs. As of 30 June 2021, the Issuer set aside prudential reserves covering 
risks related to compound interest and usury of Euro 2.960 million, to cover a small number of disputes. For some of 
these claims, the claimants did not define the petitum (amount of the claims), asking the court to determine it. The 
petitum (amount of the claims) already identified and requested for the two types (usury and compound interest), 
amounts to Euro 12.641 million. 
Legal proceedings pending with the Tax Authorities 
A lawsuit is pending with the Tax Authority in connection with the company Immobiliare Borgo Palazzo S.r.l 
(Immobiliare Borgo Palazzo) following a claim of “non-operating status” raised further to an assessment. Immobiliare 
Borgo Palazzo is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sinergia Seconda S.r.l., which is a subsidiary of the Issuer. The courts 
of first and second instance rejected the Tax Authority's claims and the latter filed an appeal before the Supreme Court. 
The Supreme Court has referred the dispute back to the court of second instance for the decision. Immobiliare Borgo 
Palazzo claim of “non-operating status” is currently pending at the the Supreme Court following a sentence by the court 
of second instance that was unfavourable to the company. No allowances have been set aside given the positive results 
already achieved in the proceedings at first and second instance. 
9. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
At the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the BPS Group companies have not implemented, signed and/or 
planned material contracts other than those entered into in the normal course of their typical activities that could affect 
the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders. 
10. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
On 8 April 2021, the Administration submitted a proposal to the ordinary Members' Meeting of 10/11 May 2021 
regarding authorization to the Board of Directors for the purchase and sale of treasury shares pursuant to art. 21 of the 
articles of association and authorization to use the treasury shares already in charge for the remuneration plan in 
implementation of the remuneration policies. On 5 August 2021 the Board of Directors approved the draft of the 
Articles of Association aimed at transforming the Bank into a joint stock company, which will be 
submitted to the Supervisory Authority. 
 
11. 
CERTAIN REGULATORY ASPECTS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Banking Resolution under the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) 
The Issuer as a bank - is subject to the Directive 2014/59/EU, which is the so-called Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive (“BRRD”), as implemented in the Italian legal framework.   
In particular, the BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian 
Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the “BRRD Decrees”), both of which 
were published in the Italian Official Gazette on 16 November 2015. 
According to these provisions of law and in summary, in the event that the following conditions are met, the relevant 
bank shall be put under resolution: (i) the resolution Authority (in Italy, the Bank of Italy, acting in accordance with 
decisions taken by the EU resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board) has determined, after consultation with the 
competent authority and vice versa, as applicable, that the bank is failing or is likely to fail; (ii) there is no reasonable 
prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
timeframe; and (iii) a resolution action is necessary in the public interest (that is, it is necessary for the achievement of 
and is proportionate to one or more of the resolution objectives referred to in Article 31 of the BRRD and winding up of 
the bank under normal insolvency proceedings would not meet those resolution objectives to the same extent). In this 
context, an institution is considered as failing or likely to fail, alternatively, when: (a) it is, or is likely in the near future 
to be, in breach of requirements necessary to maintain its authorization to carry out banking activities, including but not 
limited to because the institution has incurred or is likely to incur losses that will deplete all or a significant amount of 
its own funds; (b) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (c) it is, or is likely in the 
near future to be, unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; or (d) it requires extraordinary public 
financial support in order to recover (except in limited circumstances). 
Upon the opening of a resolution procedure, the resolution authorities are entrusted with the power to apply, on a stand-
alone basis or in combination, the following tools:  
• 
the sale of business, through which the resolution authority may transfer to a purchaser, on commercial terms 
(except for the case in which the application of commercial terms may affect the effectiveness of the sale or 
other instruments of ownership issued by the business tool or impose a material threat to financial stability): (a) 
the shares of the bank under resolution; and (b) all or any assets, rights and liabilities of the latter;  
• 
incorporation of a so-called “bridge institution”, through which the resolution authority may transfer to the 
bridge institution (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly owned by one or more public authorities and 
is controlled by the resolution authority): (a) the shares or other instruments of ownership issued by the bank 
under resolution and (b) all or any assets, rights and liabilities of the latter;  
• 
the asset separation, through which the resolution authority may transfer assets, rights or liabilities of a bank or 
of a bridge institution (e.g., impaired assets, such as non-performing exposures) to one or more asset 
management vehicles (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially owned by one or more 
public authorities and is controlled by the resolution authority) with a view to maximizing their value through 
the sale or orderly winding down; and 
• 
bail-in, through which the resolution Authority may, jointly or severally, (a) write-down the bank’s Common 
Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”), Additional Tier 1 (“AT1”) and Tier 2 (“T2”) instruments; (b) write-down the eligible 
liabilities, including bonds (with certain exceptions); (c) convert eligible liabilities into equity (shares or other 
instrument of ownership). 
As to the application of bail-in, the resolution Authority must take into account the ranking of the bank’s creditors 
according to the ordinary insolvency procedures, as the BRRD (and the corresponding Italian implementing rules) 
stipulates that, under resolution, no creditor may incur losses greater than they would have incurred under normal 
insolvency proceedings (the so called “no creditor worse off” principle). 
Thus, in general terms, the ranking of the persons which may be subject to bail-in – from the lowest to the highest – is 
the following:  
• 
holders of Common Equity Tier 1 instruments; 
• 
holders of Additional Tier 1 instruments;  
• 
holders of Tier 2 instruments, including subordinated notes; 
• 
holders of senior non-preferred notes;  
• 
holders of senior notes;  
• 
depositors qualifying as large firms; and 
• 
depositors qualifying as natural persons or SMEs.  
The deposits within 100,000 Euros are protected by the Italian Deposit Guarantee Schemes. 
The non-preferred senior notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the 
Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act) are a new category of instrument 
introduced in Italy by the Italian Law No. 205/2017, implementing Directive (EU) 2017/2399. They constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and non-preferred obligations, ranking junior to senior notes (or equivalent instruments), pari 
passu without any preferences among themselves, and in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of 
shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act. 
Without prejudice to the above, the resolution authority may, in specified exceptional circumstances, partially or fully 
exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the bail-in tool (the “General Bail-In Tool”).

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
Article 44, paragraph 2 of the BRRD excludes secured liabilities (including covered bonds and liabilities in the form of 
financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the cover pool and which, according to 
national law, are secured in a way similar to covered bonds) from the application of the General Bail-In Tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the above resolution 
tools (including the General Bail-In Tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining financial stability and 
subject to certain other conditions, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional 
financial stabilization tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such 
extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state 
aid framework and the BRRD. 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support to be provided 
to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity facilities provided by central 
banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of 
own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalisation EU state aid rules 
require that shareholders and junior bond holders contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
In addition to the General Bail-In Tool and other resolution tools, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have 
the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments at the point of non-viability and 
before any other resolution action is taken with losses taken in accordance with the priority of claims under normal 
insolvency proceedings (“BRRD Non-Viability Loss Absorption”).  
For the purposes of the application of any BRRD Non-Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant entity meets the conditions 
for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant authority or authorities, as the case may 
be, determine(s) that the a relevant entity or, in certain circumstances, its group will no longer be viable unless the 
relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by 
the relevant entity other than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in 
the economy of an EEA member state and to preserve financial stability. 
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds and “eligible 
liabilities” expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution (i.e. “Minimum 
Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities” or “MREL”). The aim is that the minimum amount should be 
proportionate and adapted for each category of bank on the basis of their risk or the composition of their sources of 
funding and to ensure adequate capitalisation to continue exercising critical functions post resolution. The final draft 
regulatory technical standards in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 set out the assessment criteria that 
resolution authorities should use to determine the MREL for individual firms. The BRRD does not foresee an absolute 
minimum, but attributes the competence to set a minimum amount for each bank to national resolution authorities (for 
banks not subject to supervision by the ECB) or to the Single Resolution Board (the SRB) for banks subject to direct 
supervision by the ECB.  
The determination that securities issued by the BPS Group will be subject to write-down, conversion or bail-in is likely 
to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of the BPS Group’s 
control. This determination will also be made by the Single Resolution Board and there may be many factors, including 
factors not directly related to the bank or the BPS Group, which could result in such a determination. Because of this 
inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, if at all, the exercise of a bail-in power may occur which would 
result in a principal write off or conversion to other securities, including equity. Moreover, as the criteria that the Single 
Resolution Board will be obliged to consider in exercising any bail-in power provide it with considerable discretion, 
holders of the securities issued by the BPS Group may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to 
anticipate a potential exercise of any such power and consequently its potential effect on the BPS Group and the 
securities issued by the BPS Group. Potential investors in the securities issued by the BPS Group should consider the 
risk that a holder may lose all or part of its investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest, if such 
statutory loss absorption measures are acted upon. 
Furthermore, on 1 June 2016, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 of 4 February 2016 (“Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2016/860”) specifying further the circumstances where exclusion from the application of write-down

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
or conversion powers is necessary under Article 44(3) of BRRD was published on the Official Journal of the European 
Union. In particular this regulation lays down rules specifying further the exceptional circumstances provided for in 
Article 44(3) of BRRD, where the resolution authority may exclude, or partially exclude, certain liabilities from the 
application of the write down or conversion powers where the bail-in tool is applied. The Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/860 entered into force on 21 June 2016. 
Furthermore, under resolution, the resolution authorities have relevant ancillary power aimed at ensuring a smooth 
resolution of the bank. In particular, they are entitled to amend or alter the maturity of certain debt instruments (such as 
senior notes, non-preferred senior notes and subordinated notes) issued by the bank under resolution or to amend the 
amount of interest payable under such instruments, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period. 
In general terms, the resolution authority is also entitled to cancel or modify the terms of any contract to which the bank 
under resolution is a party, to suspend the bank’s contractual obligations or to substitute a recipient as a party. 
On the other hand, the application of a resolution measure shall not, per se (i.e., provided that the bank continues to 
perform its obligations under the relevant agreements), make it possible to: (i) exercise any termination, suspension, 
modification, netting or set-off rights; (ii) obtain possession, exercise control or enforce any security over any property 
of the bank in relation to an agreement which includes cross-default provisions; or (iii) affect any contractual rights of 
the bank in relation to an agreement which includes cross-default provisions. 
In this regard, it should be noted that, in any case, the BRRD Decrees introduced strict limitations on the possibility to 
exercise the rights of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in case of resolution.  
As to the financing of the resolution action, the resources may be provided by the national Resolution Funds and the 
Single Resolution Funds. However, in accordance with the burden-sharing principle, the intervention of such funds is 
only admitted where a contribution to loss absorption and recapitalization equal to an amount not less than 8% of the 
total liabilities (including own funds) of the bank under resolution, measured at the time of the resolution action, has 
been made by the shareholders and the holders of other instruments of ownership, the holders of relevant capital 
instruments and other eligible liabilities through write down, conversion or otherwise. In any case, the contribution of 
the resolution funds shall not exceed 5% of the total liabilities including own funds of the bank under resolution, 
measured at the time of the resolution action. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission published a proposal to amend certain provisions of the BRRD. The 
proposal includes an amendment to Article 108 of the BRRD aimed at further harmonising the creditor hierarchy as 
regards the priority ranking of holders of bank senior unsecured debt in resolution and insolvency. A new class of so 
called “senior non-preferred debt” was proposed to be added that would be eligible to meet the TLAC and MREL 
requirements. This new class of debt will be senior to all subordinated debt, but junior to ordinary unsecured senior 
claims. 
The proposal of the European Commission resulted in the adoption of Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of 12 December 2017 
amending the BRRD with regard to the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy which was 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 December 2017 and had to be transposed into national 
law by the Member States by 29 December 2018. In this regard, the Italian Law no. 205/2017, approved by the Italian 
Parliament on 27 December 2017, contains the implementing provisions pertaining to “non-preferred" senior debt 
instruments. 
The amendments to the BRRD do not affect the existing stocks of bank debt and their statutory ranking in insolvency 
pursuant to the relevant laws of the Member State in which the bank is incorporated. 
In addition, the EBA has issued its final draft regulatory technical standards which further define the way in which 
national resolution authorities/the SRB shall calculate MREL. According to the SRB work programme 2020, during this 
year, the number of binding external MREL decisions is expected to reach 114, while 340 internal MREL decisions for 
relevant legal entities are envisaged. 
The EU Banking Reform Package includes Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of significant 
revisions to the BRRD (known as BRRD2). BRRD2 provides that Member States are required to ensure implementation 
into local law by 28 December 2020 with certain requirements relating to the implementation of the TLAC standard

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
applying from January 2022 while the transitional period for full compliance with MREL requirements is foreseen until 
1 January 2024, with interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL set at 1 January 2022. The EU Banking Reform 
Package includes, amongst other things: 
(a) 
full implementation of the FSB’s TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL regime. 
Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation methodology for MREL, criteria 
for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, the introduction of internal MREL and additional 
reporting and disclosure requirements on institutions; 
(b) 
introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities that are not G-SIIs 
but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed EUR 100 billion; 
(c) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the contractual stays 
in resolution; and 
(d) 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. Changes to the BRRD 
under BRRD2 impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in certain 
circumstances, the rights of creditors 
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, the BRRD2 
provides that in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its MREL, the resultant shortfall 
is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would otherwise be counted towards meeting the combined capital 
buffer requirement. However, under certain circumstances, the BRRD2 envisages a nine-month grace period before 
restrictions to discretionary payments to the holders of regulatory capital instruments and employees take effect due to a 
breach of the combined capital buffer requirement. 
On 20 May 2020, the Single Resolution Board published a non-binding policy named “Minimum Requirements for Own 
Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) Policy under the Banking Package”, aiming at helping to ensure that MREL is 
set in the context of fully feasible and credible resolution plans for all types of banks, as well as promoting a level 
playing field across banks including subsidiaries of non-banking Union (EU) banks. The policy addresses the following 
topics: 
• 
calibration: the policy provides for modifications and extensions of the SRB’s approach to MREL calibration in 
accordance with the framework set out by the EU Banking Reform Package; 
• 
subordination for resolution entities: the policy sets the following subordination requirements: (i) Pillar 1 Banks 
are subject to subordination requirements composed of a non-adjustable Pillar 1 MREL requirement that must be 
met with own funds instruments and eligible liabilities that are subordinated to all claims arising from excluded 
liabilities; (ii) Pillar 1 Banks’ resolution authorities shall ensure that the subordinated MREL resources of Pillar 
1 Banks are equal to at least 8% of total liabilities and own funds (TLOF); and (iii) non Pillar 1 Banks will be 
subject to a subordination requirement only upon the decision of the resolution authority to avoid a breach of the 
No Creditor Worse Off principle, following a bank-specific assessment carried out as part of resolution planning; 
• 
internal MREL for non-resolution entities: the policy states that the SRB will progressively expand the scope of 
non-resolution entities for which it will adopt internal MREL decisions, and it may waive subsidiary institutions 
qualifying as non-resolution entities from internal MREL at certain conditions. In addition, the policy defines 
criteria for the SRB’s possibility to permit the use of guarantees to meet the internal MREL within the Member 
State of the resolution entity; 
• 
MREL for cooperative groups: the policy sets out minimum conditions to authorise certain types of cooperative 
networks to use eligible liabilities of associated entities other than the resolution entity to comply with the 
external MREL, as well as minimum conditions to waive the internal MREL of the legal entities that are part of 
the cooperative network; 
• 
eligibility of liabilities issued under the law of a third country: the policy expands on how liabilities issued under 
the law of third countries can be considered eligible through contractual recognition; and 
• 
transition arrangements: the policy explains the operationalisation of transitional periods up to the 2024 deadline, 
including binding intermediate targets in 2022 and informative targets in 2023, also stating that transitional

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
arrangements must be bank-specific (since they depend on the MREL tailored to that bank and its resolution 
plan, and the bank’s progress to date in raising MREL-eligible liabilities). 
In April 2020, the SRB published a letter which was sent to banks under its remit, outlining potential operational relief 
measures related to the COVID-19 outbreak. Of particular note, the SRB has stated that; 
(a) 
it is committed to working on 2020 resolution plans and issuing 2020 decisions on MREL according to the 
planned deadlines but it will apply a pragmatic and flexible approach to consider, where necessary, postponing 
less urgent information or data requests related to the 2020 resolution planning cycle; and 
(b) 
it regards the liability data report, the additional liability report and the MREL quarterly template as essential and 
it expects banks to make every effort to deliver these documents on time but will assess possible leeway in 
submission dates for other reports, such as those related to critical functions and access to financial market 
infrastructures. 
In July 2020, the EBA published a statement on resolution planning in in the light of COVID-19. The EBA states that it 
aims to reaffirm that resolution planning is crucial in time of uncertainty to ensure that resolution is a credible option in 
case of failure. The focus of the statement is ensuring that the current situation is effectively taken into account by 
resolution authorities while maintaining a "through the cycle" approach and ensuring that resolvability objectives are 
achieved. 
In September 2020, the European Commission issued a notice aimed at interpreting certain legal provisions of the 
revised bank resolution framework (i.e. BRRD, SRMR, CRR and CRD IV) in reply to questions raised by NCAs, 
addressing the following issues: (i) the power to prohibit certain distributions; (ii) powers to suspend payment or 
delivery obligations; (iii) selling of subordinated eligible liabilities to retail clients; (iv) minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities; (v) bail-in tool; (vi) contractual recognition of bail-in; (vii) write down or conversion of 
capital instruments and eligible liabilities; (viii) exclusion of certain contractual terms in early intervention and 
resolution; and (ix) contractual recognition of resolution stay powers. As pinpointed by the same Commission, the 
notice merely clarifies the provisions already contained in the applicable legislation, while it does not extend in any way 
the rights and obligations deriving from such legislation nor introduce any additional requirements of the concerned 
operators and competent authorities. 
In April 2021, the Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/763 on disclosure reporting on MREL and TLAC has been 
published, providing for: (i) draft uniform disclosure formats for MREL and TLAC disclosure according – respectively 
– to Articles 45i(6) of the BRRD and 434a of the CRR; (ii) draft uniform reporting templates, instructions and 
methodology for MREL and TLAC reporting according – respectively – to Articles 45i(5) of the BRRD and 430(7) of 
the CRR. Title I of the Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/763 shall apply from 28 June 2021, while Title II shall 
apply as of 1 June 2021 as regards the disclosures in accordance with Article 437a and point (h) of Article 447 of CRR, 
and as of the date of application of the disclosure requirements in accordance with the third subparagraph of Article 3(1) 
of Directive (EU) 2019/879, as regards the disclosures in accordance with Article 45i(3) of BRRD. 
The BRRD II is subject to transposition in Italy by means of the European Delegation Law (Law No. 53/2021) of 22 
April 2021 in the implementation of which a draft Legislative Decree transposing BRRD II has been filed in August 
2021 with the competent Parliament Committees for their examination. 
 
CRD V and CRR II 
In November 2016, the European Commission (the EC) published a package of proposed amendments to CRD IV / 
CRR (CRD V and CRR II, respectively). Following the EC’s proposals, CRD V and CRR II have been issued on 27 
June 2019 as Directive 2019/878/EU and Regulation 2019/876/EU respectively. CRD V applies from 29 June 2020 and 
CRR II largely applies from 28 June 2021. The elements of the package introduced by the CRD V Directive are subject 
to transposition into national law. The CRD V is subject to transposition in Italy by means of the European Delegation 
Law (Law No. 53/2021) of 22 April 2021, in the implementation of which a draft Legislative Decree transposing CRD 
V and CRR II has been filed in August 2021 with the competent Parliament Committees for their examination. 
Although gradually implemented, such regulatory evolution, whose aim is to set a higher system stability, may in any 
case have a significant impact on financial institutions. 
The amendments seek to implement some of the remaining aspects of Basel III and reforms which reflect EC findings

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
on the impact of CRD IV on bank financing of the EU economy. Certain of the changes such as new market risk rules, 
standardized approach to counterparty risk, details on the leverage ratio and net stable funding requirements and the 
tightening of the large exposures limit will particularly impact capital requirements. The amendments also seek to 
require financial holding companies in the European Union to become authorized and subject to direct supervision 
under CRD IV. This will place formal direct responsibility on holding companies for compliance with consolidated 
prudential requirements for financial groups. The amendments also require third-country groups above a certain 
threshold with two or more credit institutions or investment firms in the European Union to establish an intermediate 
EU holding company. The minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities provisions in the CRR are also 
amended to bring the requirement in line with the Financial Stability Board’s final total loss absorbing capacity term 
sheet standards for globally significant institutions. 
The final capital framework to be established in the European Union under CRD V / CRR II differs from Basel III in 
certain areas. In December 2017, the Basel Committee finalized further changes to the Basel III framework which 
include amendments to the standardized approaches to credit risk and operational risk and the introduction of a capital 
floor. In January 2019, the Basel Committee published revised final standards on minimum capital requirements for 
market risk. These proposals will need to be transposed into EU law before coming into force. The Basel Committee 
has recommended implementation commencing in 2022, however timing of implementation in the European Union is 
uncertain. 
Amongst other measures taken by prudential regulators in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group of Central 
Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision (GHOS) decided on 2 April 2020 to delay the implementation of these final 
Basel III standards by one year to 1 January 2023. 
The Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
The Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the Directive 2013/36/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 26 June 2013 and the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 26 June 2013 (jointly the CRD IV Package), which 
will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). The SREP is aimed 
at ensuring that institutions have in place adequate arrangements, strategies, processes and mechanisms to maintain the 
amounts, types and distribution of internal capital commensurate to their risk profile, as well as robust governance and 
internal control arrangements. The key purpose of the SREP is to ensure that institutions have adequate arrangements as 
well as capital and liquidity to ensure sound management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might be 
exposed, including those revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the institution may pose to the financial system. On 
22 April 2020, the EBA published a statement on additional supervisory measures in the light of the COVID-19. The 
EBA states that it recognises the need for a pragmatic and effective SREP, specific for the 2020 exercise. In light of the 
above, on 23 July 2020 the EBA issued the Final Report of the Guidelines “on the pragmatic 2020 supervisory review 
and evaluation process in light of the COVID-19 crisis”, aimed at making available to competent authorities a special 
procedure for the supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) for the year 2020. In particular, they identify how 
flexibility and pragmatism could be exercised in relation to the SREP framework in the context of the COVID-19 
pandemic. 
The covered bond Directive and Regulation 
On 18 December 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 amending CRR have been published 
in the Official Journal of the European Union. They will apply from 8 July 2022. 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 lays down rules on the issuance requirements, structural features, public supervision and 
publication obligations for covered bonds. Compared with the UCITS, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 provides for a number 
of more complex structural requirements, such as the dual recourse and the bankruptcy remoteness tools. The Directive 
at hand also establishes specific requirements of the liquidity reserve concerning the cover pool and introduces the 
possibility of joint funding and intragroup pooled covered bond structures in order to facilitate the issuance of covered 
bonds by small credit institutions. Moreover, the Directive provides the authorities of the Member States with the task 
of monitoring compliance of covered bond issuances with the abovementioned requirements and regulates the 
conditions for obtaining the authorisation to carry out the activity of issuance of covered bonds in the context of a 
covered bond programme.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 introduces some amendments to Article 129 of the CRR, providing for additional 
requirements for covered bonds to be eligible for the relevant preferential treatment. In particular, the Regulation 
introduces a rule allowing exposures to credit institutions rated in credit quality step 2 up to a maximum of 10% of the 
total exposure of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the issuing institution, without the need to 
consult the EBA. The Regulation also requires a minimum level of overcollateralization in order to mitigate the most 
relevant risks arising in the case of the issuer’s insolvency or resolution. 
On 27 October 2020, the European Commission issued a draft delegated regulation aimed at amending Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61 (the LCR Delegated Regulation) on the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR). The LCR 
Delegated Regulation is applicable to all credit institutions, including those issuing covered bonds. Such credit 
institutions are currently subject to the liquidity coverage requirement applicable for a period of 30 calendar days, 
during which a covered bond issuer has to ensure it has sufficient liquid assets (in the meaning of the LCR Delegated 
Regulation) to cover the net liquidity outflows (in the meaning of the LCR Delegated Regulation), including those 
stemming from the covered bond programme. At the same time, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 requires credit institutions 
issuing covered bonds to maintain at all times a liquidity buffer (‘cover pool liquidity buffer’) composed of liquid assets 
available to cover the net liquidity outflows of their covered bonds programmes for a period of 180 days. The cover 
pool liquidity buffer established by the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 includes assets that meet all but one requirement to be 
recognised as liquid assets under the LCR Delegated Regulation: assets in the cover pool liquidity buffer are subject to 
the segregation requirement under the Article 12 of the Directive (EU) 2019/2162, making them encumbered and 
therefore ineligible in the LCR liquidity buffer, thus duplicating the liquidity requirements covered bonds issuers have 
to comply with. To ensure that Member States can address such overlap, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 includes an option 
for Member States to waive the specific cover pool liquidity buffer requirement for the time that the credit institution 
issuing covered bonds complies with other liquidity requirements under Union law. However, the exercise of the 
abovementioned waiver to avoid double counting would not be prudentially sound because, after the separation of the 
credit institution’s estates in stress scenarios, it would reduce the liquid assets in the cover pool intended to respond to 
its own payment obligations (liquid assets fulfilling the general liquidity coverage requirement are by definition 
unencumbered, meaning that they are freely available for the credit institution and part of its general estate). The draft 
delegated regulation aims to remove the overlap, by permitting credit institutions to treat liquid assets held as part of the 
cover pool liquidity buffer as unencumbered up to the amount of net liquidity outflows from the associated covered 
bond programme. Moreover, several additional changes to the LCR Delegated Regulation are proposed in the context of 
the draft delegated regulation at hand, in order to align the LCR Delegated Regulation with Article 129 of the CRR, as 
amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160. The consultation has ended on 24 November 2020. 
On 8 May 2021, the European Delegated Law 2019 has entered into force. It delegates the Italian Government to 
implement – inter alia – Directive (EU) 2019/2162. According to the European Delegated Law 2019: 
• 
the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
• 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by Article 17 of Directive 
(EU) 2019/2162, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with extendable maturity structures, and 
• 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise the option to set for 
covered bonds a minimum level of overcollateralization lower than the thresholds set out under Article 1 of 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2162 (i.e. 2% or 5% depending on the assets included in the cover pool). 
On August 2021, a draft Legislative Decree implementing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 has been filed with the competent 
Parliament Committees for their examination. In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the national legislator chose to 
exercise the following options provided by Directive (EU) 2019/2162: (i) the possibility not to apply the liquidity 
requirement of the cover pool limited to the period covered by the liquidity requirement provided for in Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered bonds with extensible maturity 
structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity requirement of the cover pool in case of 
programs with extensible maturity by taking as a reference the final maturity date for the payment of principal.  
Moreover, the draft Legislative Decree designates the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
supervision of the covered bonds, which is entrusted with the issuing of the implementing regulations by 8 July 2022. In 
this regulations, the Bank of Italy will also have to assess whether to exercise the option provided for in the Directive 
that allows Member States to lower the threshold of the minimum level of overcollateralization. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not capable of assessing the impact that the application of the above 
provisions will have on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Covered Bonds. 
After the date hereof, the performance of the Covered Bonds and the ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds may be 
affected. In addition, it should be noted that regulatory requirements may be recast or amended and there can be no 
assurance that any such changes will not adversely affect the compliance position of any transaction described in this 
Base Prospectus or of any party and perspective investors under any applicable law or regulation, nor can any assurance 
be given as to whether any such changes could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect 
of the Covered Bonds or the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any such change 
could adversely impact the value of the Covered Bonds.  
Audit of the annual financial statements  
The Issuer states that both the consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020, approved by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2021 and by the Shareholders at the Shareholders' 
Meeting on 11 May 2021, have been audited by the independent auditors, EY S.p.A. who issued their unqualified audit 
opinion on 16 April 2021. 
The Issuer states that both the consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2019, approved by the Board of Directors on 9 April 2020 and by the Shareholders at the Shareholders' 
Meeting on 12 June 2020, have been audited by the independent auditors, EY S.p.A. who issued their unqualified audit 
opinion on 2 May 2020. 
The consolidated financial statements as at and for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 and the unaudited 
consolidated financial statements as at and for the six months ended June 30, 2021 have been prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as adopted by 
the European Union (IFRS).  
Alternative Performance Measures 
In order to facilitate the understanding of economic and financial performance of the BPS Group, the Issuer's directors 
have identified certain Alternative Performance Measures (APM). 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference the following alternative performance measures, as defined 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority’s Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures 
(ESMA/2015/1415), which are used by the management of the Issuer to monitor its financial and operating performance 
and to facilitate management in identifying operational trends and take about investment decisions, resource allocation 
and other operational decisions. 
With reference to the interpretation of these APM draws attention to the matters illustrated below: 
(i) 
these indicators are constructed exclusively from the BPS Group's historical data and is not indicative of the 
future performance of the BPS Group; 
(ii) 
the APM are not required by IFRS and, although derived from the Issuer's consolidated financial statements are 
not audited; 
(iii) 
these financial measures should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to IFRS; 
(iv) 
reading of these APM should be carried out together with the BPS Group's financial information from the 
Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 and the

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements at June 30, 2021 and 2020;  
(v) 
it is to be noted that, since not all companies calculate APM in the same manner, these are not always 
comparable to measurements used by other companies. 
APM used by the BPS Group are processed with continuity and consistency of definition and representation for all 
periods for which financial information included in this Base Prospectus. 
Measures of profitability 
Cost to income ratio 
Cost/Income ratio is a ratio of operating costs to total income derived from the income statement of the Issuer. 
Cost/income ratio is one of the primary indicators of efficiency of the Issuer. The higher is the ratio, the lower is the 
profitability. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Operating costs 
(517,725) 
(540,432) 
(267,127) 
(260,686) 
B. Total income 
903,293 
819,677 
327,943 
505,349 
Cost to income ratio (A/B) 
57.32% 
65.93% 
81.46% 
51.59% 
Net interest income to total assets  
The ratio shows the profitability of the lending activity. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Net interest income 
460,375 
490,010 
233,058 
264,037 
B. Total assets 
41,146,189 
49,807,597 
46,157,302 
52,950,874 
Net interest income to 
total assets (A/B) 
1.12% 
0.98% 
0.50% 
0.50% 
Net financial income to total assets 
The ratio shows the incidence of lending activity on total assets. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 2019 
31 December 2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Net financial income 
687,468 
671,015 
275,117 
437,515 
B. Total assets 
41,146,189 
49,807,597 
46,157,302 
52,950,874 
Net financial income to 
total assets (A/B) 
1.67% 
1.35% 
0.60% 
 
0.83% 
Net interest income to total income 
The ratio shows the profitability of lending activity compared to the interest rate risk. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 2019 31 December 2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Net interest income 
460,375 
490,010 
233,058 
264,037 
B. Total income 
903,293 
819,677 
327,943 
505,349

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
Net interest income to total 
incomes (A/B) 
50.97% 
59.78% 
71.07% 
 
52.25% 
Administrative costs to total income 
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of administrative costs on net interest and other banking income. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 2019 31 December 2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Administrative costs 
(525,460) 
(529,826) 
(267,057) 
(290,257) 
B. Total income 
903,293 
819,677 
327,943 
505,349 
Administrative 
expenses 
to 
total income (A/B) 
58.17% 
64.64% 
81.43% 
 
57.44% 
Profit to total assets 
The return on assets (ROA) shows the percentage of how profitable a company's assets are in generating revenue. 
 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 2019 31 December 2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Profit attributable to the parent 
company 
137,435 
106,597 
14,409 
 
136,689 
B. Total assets 
41,146,189 
49,807,597 
46,157,302 
52,950,874 
Profit to total assets (A/B) 
0.33% 
0.21% 
0.03% 
0.26% 
Texas ratio 
Texas ratio is a ratio of net non-performing loans to net tangible equity minus intangible assets. Texas ratio represents 
the capability of the Issuer to support loan losses. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Net non-performing loans 
1,573,976 
1,092,110 
1,274,273 
1,019,090 
B. Equity 
2,841,780 
2,997,571 
2,853,351 
3,126,498 
C. Intangible assets 
31,186 
28,328 
31,326 
31,103 
Texas ratio (A/(B-C)) 
56.00% 
36.78% 
45.15% 
32.92% 
Capital to direct funding from customers 
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of net the equity on direct customer deposits. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Equity 
2,841,780 
2,997,571 
2,853,351 
3,126,498

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
B. Direct funding from customers 
32,621,749 
35,559,460 
31,788,944 
36,957,595 
Capital 
to 
direct 
funding 
from 
customers (A/B) 
8.71% 
8.43% 
8.98% 
 
8.46% 
Capital to customer loans 
 The ratio shows in percentage the weight of the net equity on loans and receivables with customers 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Equity 
2,841,780 
2,997,571 
2,853,351 
3,126,498 
B. Loans to customers 
27,387,397 
29,379,724 
28,726,597 
31,046,131 
Capital to customer loans (A/B) 
10.38% 
10.20% 
9.93% 
10.07% 
Capital to financial assets 
 The ratio shows in percentage the weight of net the equity on financial assets. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Equity 
2,841,780 
2,997,571 
2,853,351 
3,126,498 
B. Financial assets 
9,722,547 
10,553,102 
10,174,483 
12,543,964 
Capital to financial assets (A/B) 
29.23% 
28.40% 
28.04% 
24.92% 
Capital to total assets  
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of net the equity on total assets and it’s a financial independence index. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Equity 
2,841,780 
2,997,571 
2,853,351 
3,126,498 
B.Total assets 
41,146,189 
49,807,597 
46,157,302 
52,950,874 
Capital to total assets (A/B) 
6.91% 
6.02% 
6.18% 
5.90% 
Net non-performing loans to capital 
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of net non-performing loans on net equity and it is an asset quality index. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Bad loans with customer 
668,059 
345,812 
438,963 
316,181 
B. Equity 
2,841,780 
2,997,571 
2,853,351 
3,126,498 
Net non-performing loans to capital 
(A/B) 
23.51% 
11.54% 
15.38% 
 
10.11%

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
Net non-performing loans to total loans to customers 
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of Net non-performing loans to total loans to customers and it is an asset 
quality index 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Net non-performing loans 
668,059 
345,812 
438,963 
316,181 
B. Total loans to customers 
27,387,397 
29,379,724 
28,726,597 
31,046,131 
Net non-performing loans to total loans 
to customers (A/B) 
2.44% 
1.18% 
1.53% 
1.02% 
Total loans to customers to total direct funding from customers 
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of total loans to customers to total direct funding from customers. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Total loans to customers 
27,387,397 
29,379,724 
28,726,597 
31,046,131 
B. Total direct funding from customers 
32,621,749 
35,559,460 
31,788,944 
36,957,595 
Total loans to customers to total direct 
funding from customers (A/B) 
83.95% 
82.62% 
90.37% 
84.00% 
Cost of credit (on annual basis) 
The ratio of net adjustments to customer loans to total customer loans 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Net adjustment to customer loans 
(214,073) 
(141,391) 
(42,142) 
(65,513) 
B. Annual basis 
1 
1 
2 
2 
C. Loans to customers 
27,387,397 
29,379,724 
28,726,597 
31,046,131 
Cost of credit (A/C*B) 
0.78% 
0.48% 
0.29% 
0.42% 
Leverage ratio 
The ratio of Tier 1 to total on- and off-balance sheet assets 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Tier 1 (phased-in) 
2,721,522 
2,976,039 
2,782,800 
3,074,806 
B. Total on- and off-blance sheet assets 
45,237,038 
46,928,386 
50,589,721 
52,652,000 
Leverage ratio (A/B) 
6.02% 
6.34% 
5.50% 
5.84% 
Return on Equity

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2020 
30 June 2020 
30 June 2021 
A. Profit for the period 
137,435 
106,597 
14,409 
136,689 
B. Equity 
2,841,780 
2,997,571 
2,853,351 
3,126,498 
ROE (A/B) 
4.84% 
3.56% 
0.50% 
4.37% 
THE GUARANTOR  
Introduction 
POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of guaranteeing the 
Covered Bonds. 
The Guarantor was incorporated in the Republic of Italy as a limited liability company incorporated under Article 7-bis 
of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, with Fiscal Code, VAT number and registration number with the Register 
of Enterprises of Treviso-Belluno no. 04620230260.  
The Guarantor was incorporated on 11 September 2013 with the denomination of SPV Covered Bond 4 S.r.l. (and 
enrolled in Register of Enterprises of Treviso-Belluno on 13 September 2013) and subsequently changed its 
denomination in POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. from 14 May 2014 by a resolution of the Quotaholder’s of 8 May 2014. 
The duration of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. shall be until 2100. 
BPS with the 60 per cent of the quota capital of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l., controls POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l..  
POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. has its registered office at Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy and the 
telephone number of the registered office is 0039/0438360900 and the fax number is 0039/0438360962.  
The authorised, issued and paid in quota capital of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. is Euro 10,000. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Guarantor has no website. 
Guarantor Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”): 
81560046696F5A9E4320 
Business Overview 
The exclusive purpose of the POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. is to purchase from banks, against payment, receivables and 
securities also issued in the context of a securitisation, in compliance with Article 7-bis of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law and the relevant implementing provisions, by means of subordinated loans granted or guaranteed 
also by the selling banks, as well as to issue guarantees for the covered bonds issued by such banks or other entities.  
POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l., indeed, will grant the Covered Bonds Guarantee to the benefit of the Covered 
Bondholders, of the counterparts of derivatives contracts entered into with the purpose to cover the risks inherent the 
purchased credits and securities and of the counterparts of other ancillary contracts, as well as to the benefit of the 
payment of the other costs of the transaction, with priority in respect of the reimbursement of the others loans, pursuant 
to paragraph 1 of Article 7-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law.  
Since the date of its incorporation, POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. has not engaged in any business other than the purchase 
of the Portfolio and the entering into of the Programme Documents and other ancillary documents. 
So long as any of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. shall not, without the consent of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys or engage in any 
business (other than acquiring and holding the assets backing the Covered Bonds Guarantee, assuming the Subordinated 
Loan, issuing the Covered Bonds Guarantee and entering into the Programme Documents to which it is a party), pay 
any dividends, repay or otherwise return any equity capital, have any subsidiaries, employees or premises, consolidate 
or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its property or assets to any person (otherwise than as 
contemplated in the Conditions or the Intercreditor Agreement) or guarantee any additional quota.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. will covenant to observe, inter alia, those restrictions which are detailed in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Organisationl structure  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Guarantor doesn’t own any of its own holdings or shares in its parent 
company, either directly or through trust companies. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Guarantor is subject to the activity of direction and coordination (soggetta 
all’attività di direzione e coordinamento) pursuant to article 2497 of the Italian civil code of Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
S.c.p.A.. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Guarantor doesn’t have any branch offices and has no employees. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The directors of the Guarantor are: 
NAME AND SURNAME  
OFFICE 
HELD 
IN 
THE 
GUARANTOR 
OFFICES 
HELD 
IN 
OTHER 
COMPANIES 
Gianpietro Macoggi 
President and Managing Director 
Responsabile Funding e operazioni 
con collaterale at Banca Popolare di 
Sondrio S.c.p.A. 
Carlo Trombetta 
Director 
Consultant at Banca Popolare di 
Sondrio S.c.p.A. 
Paolo Gabriele 
Managing Director 
Head 
of 
Financial 
Institutions 
Structured Credit and Specialized 
Lending 
at 
Banca 
Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A. 
 
Under the Quotaholders' Agreement the Quotaholders have undertaken that, if, at any time, a Board of Statutory 
Auditors shall be appointed, it shall be composed of three members which shall appointed as follows: one by SVM 
Securitsation Vehicles Management S.r.l. (“SVM”) and two by BPS. No Board of Statutory Auditors has been 
appointed as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors and Board of Statutory Auditors is POPSO Covered 
Bond S.r.l., Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy. 
Conflicts of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and their private interest or other duties. 
Quotaholders 
The quotaholders of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. (hereafter together the “Quotaholders”) are as follows: 
BPS, 60 per cent of the quota capital; 
SVM, 40 per cent of the quota capital. 
BPS, with the 60 per cent of the quota capital controls POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l.. In order to avoid any abuse, certain 
mitigants have been inserted in the Quotaholders’ Agreement, as better described in the following paragraph.  
The Quotaholders’ Agreement 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement contain inter alia a call option in favour of BPS to purchase from SVM and a put option 
in favour of SVM to sell to BPS, the quota of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. held by SVM and provisions in relation to 
the management of the Guarantor. Each option may only be exercised from latest of the Expiry Date and the 
Programme Maturity Date.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
In addition the Quotaholders’ Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. will approve the 
payments of any dividends or any repayment or return of capital by POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. prior to the date on 
which all amounts of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds and any amount due to the Other Creditors have been 
paid in full. 
Financial Information concerning the Guarantor’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position, and Profits and 
Losses 
The financial year of the Guarantor ends on 31 December of each calendar year.  
The Guarantor has not, from the date of its incorporation, carried out any business activities nor has incurred in any 
financial indebtedness (other than those incurred in the context of the Programme). 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness Statement 
The capitalisation of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows: 10.000 Euro. 
Quota capital Issued and authorised 
BPS has a quota of Euro 6.000 Euro and SVM has a quota of Euro 4.000 Euro, each fully paid up. 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness  
Save for the foregoing and for the Covered Bonds Guarantee and the Subordinated Loan, in accordance with the 
Subordineted Loan Agreement, at the date of this document, POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. has no borrowings or 
indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, liabilities 
under acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent liabilities. 
Independent auditors 
On 21 April 2017 the Board of Directors of the Guarantor appointed EY S.p.A. to perform the audit of the financial 
statements of the Guarantor for the years ending 31 December 2017, 2018 and 2019. On 17 April 2020, the Board of 
Directors of the Guarantor extended the appointment of EY S.p.A. as auditors of the Guarantor for the period 2020 – 
2022 to perform the audit of the financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ending 31 December 2020. 
EY S.p.A. audited and rendered an unqualified audit report on the financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the 
years ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.  
EY S.p.A., which is the current independent auditor of the Guarantor, is regulated by the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance (“MEF”) and is registered in the Register of Certified Auditors held by MEF, at no. 70945. EY S.p.A. is also a 
member of Assirevi, the Italian association of auditing firms. The offices of EY S.p.A. are located at Via Lombardia 31, 
00187, Rome, Italy.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
THE ASSET MONITOR 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to be the asset monitor to carry out 
controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of the Covered Bond Guarantee and, following the latest 
amendments to the Bank of Italy Regulations introduced by way of inclusion of the new Part III, Chapter 3 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) in Bank of Italy’s Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, the information to be 
provided to investors. 
Pursuant to the Bank of Italy Regulations, the asset monitor must be an independent auditor enrolled with the 
Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 
39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012 and shall be independent from the 
Issuer and any other party to the Programme and from the accounting firm who carries out the audit of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual reports, to be addressed also to the Board of 
Statutory Auditors (collegio sindacale) of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to an engagement letter entered into on 22 July 2014, the Issuer has appointed BDO Italia S.p.A., a società per 
azioni incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, having its registered office at Viale Abruzzi 94, 20131, 
Milan, Italy, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies register of Milan No. 07722780967, and included in the 
Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance – Stage general accounting office, at No. 
167911, as asset monitor (the “Asset Monitor”) in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant information from 
the Issuer, specific monitoring activities concerning, inter alia, (i) the compliance with the issuing criteria set out in 
Bank of Italy Regulations in respect of the issuance of covered bonds; (ii) the fulfilment of the eligibility criteria set out 
under Decree No. 310 with respect to the Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets included in the Cover Pool; (iii) the 
compliance with the limits on the transfer of the Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets set out under Decree No. 310 and 
Bank of Italy Regulations; (iv) the arithmetical accuracy of the calculations performed by the Test Calculation Agent in 
respect of the Statutory Tests and the compliance with the limits set out in Decree No. 310 with respect to covered 
bonds issued and the Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets included in the Portfolios as determined in the Statutory Tests; 
(v) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection provided by any Swap Agreement entered into in the context of 
the Programme and (vi) the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided to investors 
pursuant to article 129, paragraph 7 of the CRR. 
The engagement letter reflects the provisions of the Bank of Italy Regulations in relation to the procedures and 
proportionality principles applicable to the conduct of the monitoring activities by the Asset Monitor, the reports to be 
prepared and submitted by the Asset Monitor also to the Board of Statutory Auditors (collegio sindacale) of the Issuer. 
The engagement letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses by the Issuer to the Asset 
Monitor and the resignation of the Asset Monitor. 
The engagement letter is governed by Italian law. 
Furthermore, on 22 July 2014, inter alios, the Issuer, the Test Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor and 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Asset Monitor Agreement, as more fully described under 
“Description of the Programme Documents — Asset Monitor Agreement”, below.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
On 22 July 2014, the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Covered 
Bond Guarantee pursuant to which the Guarantor agreed to issue, for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Other Issuer Creditors, a first demand, unconditional, irrevocable and autonomous guarantee to support payments of 
interest and principal under the Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme and other payments due to the 
Other Issuer Creditors. Under the Covered Bond Guarantee the Guarantor has agreed to pay an amount equal to the 
Guaranteed Amounts when the same shall become due and payable but which would otherwise be unpaid by the Issuer. 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct and unconditional, 
unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover Pool as provided under 
the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, Decree No. 310 and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders will enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee: (i) following the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event of Default and subject to any applicable grace periods, by serving an Issuer Default Notice on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor; and (ii) following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and subject to any 
applicable grace periods, by serving a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor. 
Following the service of an Issuer Default Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, payment of the 
Guaranteed Amounts shall be made by the Guarantor on the dates scheduled and for the amounts determined in 
accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments. 
Under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the parties have agreed that, should a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act be issued in respect of the Issuer, although such event constitutes an Issuer Event of Default, 
the consequences thereof will only apply during the Suspension Period. Following an Article 74 Event: 
(i) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, specifying that an Article 74 Event has occurred and that such event may be temporary; and 
(ii) 
in accordance with Decree No. 310, the Guarantor shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due and 
payable under the Covered Bonds within the Suspension Period at their relevant due date provided that it shall 
be entitled to claim any such amounts from the Issuer. 
The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Asset Monitor of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice, informing such parties that the Article 74 Event 
has been revoked. 
Upon the termination of the Suspension Period the Issuer shall again be responsible for meeting the payment obligations 
under the Covered Bonds. 
Under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the parties thereto have also agreed that, upon enforcement of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, the Guarantor shall be entitled to request from the Issuer — also prior to any payments are effected by the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee — an amount up to the Guaranteed Amounts, in order to secure the 
Issuer obligations to the subrogation right of the Guarantor. Any sum so received or recovered from the Issuer will be 
used to make payments in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Guarantor shall no longer be entitled 
request to the Issuer payment of such amounts if a Guarantor Default Notice is delivered by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or the Covered Bonds have been otherwise accelerated pursuant to the Conditions. 
The service of a Guarantor Default Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will result in the 
acceleration of the right of the Covered Bondholders of each Series of Covered Bonds issued to receive payment of the 
Guaranteed Amounts and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will demand the immediate payment by the 
Guarantor of all Guaranteed Amounts. Payments made by the Guarantor following the service of a Guarantor Event of 
Default shall be made pari passu and on a pro-rata basis to the Covered Bondholders of all outstanding Series of 
Covered Bonds, in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the recourse of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer 
Creditors to the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to the Guarantor Available Funds. 
Furthermore, under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the parties have agreed that as of the date of administrative

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer or following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the 
Intercreditor Agreement) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis and in compliance with the provisions of article 4 of the 
Decree No. 310, the rights of the Covered Bondholders against the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer 
will be part of the Guarantor Available Funds. 
To the extent that the Guarantor makes, or there is made on its behalf, a payment of any amount under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor will be fully and automatically subrogated to the Covered Bondholders' and Other 
Issuer Creditors' rights against the Issuer pursuant to article 2900 et seq. of the Italian Civil Code. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bond Guarantee is governed by Italian law. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement 
On 30 May 2014, the Seller (in its capacity as Subordinated Lender) and the Guarantor entered into a Subordinated 
Loan Agreement pursuant to article 7-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law under which the Seller granted or 
will grant to the Guarantor a term loan facility in an aggregate amount equal to the Total Commitment, for the purposes 
of funding the purchase by the Guarantor of Eligible Assets and/or Top-Up Assets from the Seller pursuant to the terms 
of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Subordinated Lender has acknowledged its undertakings (i) pursuant 
to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, to transfer further Eligible Assets and/or Top-Up Assets to the Guarantor 
and to make available to the Guarantor further Term Loans in order to fund the purchase of such assets, and (ii) 
pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, to make available to the Guarantor further Term Loans in order to 
fund any settlement amounts of the purchase price of the Initial Portfolio or any New Portfolio which may be due by the 
Guarantor under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
The obligation of the Seller (in its capacity as Subordinated Lender) to advance a Term Loan to the Guarantor under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement will be off-set against the obligation of the Guarantor to pay to the Seller the purchase 
price for the Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets funded by means of the Term Loan. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date and subject to the Subordinated Lender having paid to the Guarantor any shortfall 
amount, the Guarantor will pay to the Subordinated Lender the amount of the Premium, if any, payable to such 
Subordinated Lender on the relevant Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments 
and the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Interest and Premium, if any, payable in respect of a Term Loan shall be payable on each Guarantor Payment Date 
following the Drawdown Date (as defined under each Subordinated Loan Agreement) of that Term Loan, subject to the 
relevant Priority of Payments. 
Prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, each Term Loan shall be repaid on each Guarantor Payment Date 
subject to the written request of the Subordinated Lender and the Issuer, according to the Pre Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payments and within the limits of the then Guarantor Available Funds, provided that such 
repayment does not result in a breach of any of the Tests. 
Following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the Term Loans shall be repaid within the limits of the Guarantor 
Available Funds subject to the repayment in full (or, prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
accumulation of funds sufficient for the purpose of such repayment) of all Covered Bonds. 
Upon occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, any amount payable by the Guarantor to the Subordinated Lender 
pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement shall be considered automatically offset against the amounts due by the 
Subordinated Lender as a result of the enforcement of the Guarantee. 
Governing law 
The Subordinated Loan Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement 
On 30 May 2014 the Seller and the Guarantor entered into the Master Loans Purchase Agreements, pursuant to which,

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
the Seller will assign and transfer to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor will purchase, without recourse (pro soluto) from 
the Seller, an Initial Portfolio and New Portfolios of Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets that shall form part of the Cover 
Pool, in accordance with articles 4 and 7-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and article 2 of Decree No. 
310. 
Under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, upon satisfaction of certain conditions set out therein, the Seller (i) may 
or shall, as the case may be, assign and transfer, without recourse (pro soluto), to the Guarantor and the Guarantor shall 
purchase, without recourse (pro soluto) from the Seller, New Portfolios which shall form part of the Cover Pool held by 
the Guarantor, if such transfer is required under the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement in order to ensure 
the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests or with the 15 per cent threshold limit with respect to Top-Up Assets 
provided for by Decree No. 310 and the Bank of Italy Regulations; and (ii) may transfer New Portfolios to the 
Guarantor, and the Guarantor shall purchase from the Seller such New Portfolios, in order to supplement the Cover Pool 
in connection with the issuance of further Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
In addition to (i) and (ii) above, under the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, 
prior to the delivery to the Issuer and the Guarantor of an Issuer Default Notice, the Seller may transfer New Portfolios 
to the Guarantor, which will fund the purchase price thereof through the principal collections then standing to the credit 
of the Collection Account. 
The Purchase Price payable for the Initial Portfolio has been determined pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement. Under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement the relevant parties thereto have acknowledged that the 
Purchase Price for the Initial Portfolio shall be funded through the proceeds of the first Term Loan under the relevant 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. The Purchase Price for each New Portfolio will be equal to the aggregate amount of the 
Individual Purchase Price of all Receivables comprised in such New Portfolio pursuant to the provisions of the Master 
Loans Purchase Agreement. 
In case the Purchase Price is paid with the principal collections then standing to the credit of the Collection Account 
and, upon the settlement procedure set out above, the Guarantor is required to pay amounts to the Seller in excess of the 
Purchase Price already paid, such amounts will be deducted from the amounts due to the Seller as repayment of the 
outstanding Term Loans and, to the extent no such amounts are available, through the proceeds of an appropriate Term 
Loan to be made available by the Seller as Subordinated Lender pursuant to the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
The Seller has sold to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor has purchased from the Seller, the Receivables comprised in the 
Initial Portfolio, which meet the Common Criteria (as described in detail in the section headed “Description of the 
Cover Pool”) and the relevant specific criteria (as described in detail under each relevant Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement). Receivables comprised in any New Portfolio to be transferred under the relevant Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement shall meet, in addition to the Common Criteria, the relevant specific criteria and/or any further criteria. 
Pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Seller will 
have the right to repurchase individual Receivables (including Defaulted Receivables) transferred to the Guarantor 
under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
After the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor will, prior to disposing of the Eligible Assets or Top-Up 
Assets pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, offer to sell the Eligible Assets to the Seller at 
a price equal to the minimum purchase price of the relevant Eligible Assets as determined pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. If the Guarantor should subsequently propose to transfer such assets for a price lower than the 
minimum purchase price as determined pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, it shall again offer such 
assets to the Seller on the same terms and conditions offered by such third parties before entering into a transfer 
agreement with the latter. 
Governing law 
The Master Loan Purchase Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
On 30 May 2014, the Seller and the Guarantor entered into a Warranty and Indemnity Agreement pursuant to which the 
Seller has given certain representations and warranties in favour of the Guarantor in respect of, inter alia, itself, the

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
Portfolio transferred and to be transferred by it pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, the Real Estate 
Assets over which the relevant Mortgages are established and certain other matters in relation to the issue of the 
Covered Bonds and has agreed to indemnify the Guarantor in respect of certain liabilities of the Guarantor that may be 
incurred, inter alia, in connection with the purchase and ownership of the relevant Portfolio. 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement contains representations and warranties given by the Seller as to matters of law 
and fact affecting the Seller including, without limitation, that the Seller validly exists as a legal entity, has the 
corporate authority and power to enter into the Programme Documents to which it is party and assume the obligations 
contemplated therein and has all the necessary authorisations for such purpose. 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement sets out certain representations and warranties in respect of the Portfolio to 
which it relates, including, inter alia, that, as of the date of execution of each Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the 
Receivables comprised in the Initial Portfolio (i) are valid, in existence and in compliance with the criteria set forth 
under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, and (ii) relate to Mortgage Loan Agreements which have been entered 
into, executed and performed by the Seller in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
Pursuant to the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Seller has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Guarantor, its officers or agents or any of its permitted assigns from and against any and all damages, losses, claims, 
costs and expenses awarded against, or incurred by such parties which arise out of or result from, inter alia, any 
representation and warranty given by the Seller under or pursuant to the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
being false, incomplete or incorrect. 
Governing law 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Servicing Agreement 
On 30 May 2014, the Servicer and the Guarantor entered into the Servicing Agreement, pursuant to which the 
Guarantor has appointed Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. as Servicer of the Receivables. The Servicer will act as the 
"soggetto incaricato della riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e di pagamento" pursuant to the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and will be responsible for the receipt of the Collections acting as agent 
(mandatario con obbligo di rendiconto) of the Guarantor. In such capacity, the Servicer shall also be responsible for 
ensuring that such operations comply with the provisions of articles 2, paragraph 3, letter (c), and 2, paragraphs 6 and 6-
bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law. 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement the Servicer will transfer the interest and principal collections with respect to the 
Receivables to the Collection Account held with the Account Bank within the immediately following Business Day. 
Under the Servicing Agreement the Servicer may delegate to third parties, to carry out on behalf of the Guarantor and in 
accordance with the Servicing Agreement and the Credit and Collection Policy the management, administration, 
collection and recovery activities with respect to the Receivables transferred by the Seller to the Guarantor. 
The Servicer has undertaken to deliver to the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, and the 
Corporate Servicer, the Monthly Servicer's Report prepared substantially in the form of Schedule 2, part I, of the 
Servicing Agreement or in the form as may be agreed between the parties thereto. 
The Servicer has undertaken to deliver to, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Account Bank, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor, the Issuer 
Paying Agent, the Corporate Servicer and the Rating Agency, the Quarterly Servicer's Report prepared substantially in 
the form of Schedule 2, part II, of the Servicing Agreement or in the form as may be agreed between the parties thereto. 
The Servicer has represented to the Guarantor that it has all skills, software, hardware, information technology and 
human resources necessary to comply with the efficiency standards required by the Servicing Agreement in relation to 
the respective responsibilities. 
The Guarantor may terminate the Servicer's appointment and appoint a successor servicer or service provider if certain 
events occur (each, a " Servicer Termination Event"): namely: 
(i) 
failure (not attributable to force majeure) to deposit or pay any amount required to be paid or deposited which

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
failure continues for a period of 10 Business Days following receipt of a written notice from the Guarantor 
requiring the relevant amount to be paid or deposited; 
(ii) 
failure to observe or perform duties under specified clauses of the Servicing Agreement and the continuation of 
such failure for a period of 10 Business Days following receipt of written notice from the Guarantor (provided 
that a failure ascribable to any delegate of the Servicer shall not constitute a Servicer Termination Event); 
(iii) 
an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Servicer; 
(iv) 
it becomes unlawful for the Servicer to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the Servicing 
Agreement; 
(v) 
the Servicer is or will be unable to meet the current or future legal requirements and the Bank of Italy's 
Regulations for entities acting as servicers in the context of a covered bonds transaction; 
Governing law 
The Servicing Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Programme Agreement 
For a description of the Programme Agreement, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Intercreditor Agreement 
On 22 July 2014, the Guarantor and the Other Creditors entered into the Intercreditor Agreement, as amended from time 
to time. Under the Intercreditor Agreement provision is made as to the application of the proceeds from Collections in 
respect of the Cover Pool and as to the circumstances in which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be 
entitled, in the interest of the Covered Bondholders, to exercise certain of the Guarantor's rights in respect of the Cover 
Pool and the Programme Documents. 
In the Intercreditor Agreement the Other Creditors have agreed, inter alia: to the order of priority of payments to be 
made out of the Guarantor Available Funds; that the obligations owed by the Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders 
and, in general, to the Other Creditors are limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor; and that the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Creditors have a claim against the Guarantor only to the extent of the Guarantor Available 
Funds. 
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantor has undertaken, following the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, to comply with all directions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, acting pursuant to the 
Conditions, in relation to the management and administration of the Cover Pool. 
Governing law 
The Intercreditor Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Asset Monitor Agreement  
On 22 July 2014, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor, the Test Calculation Agent and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders entered into the Asset Monitor Agreement, whereby each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has 
appointed the Asset Monitor to perform the services set out therein — please see "The Asset Monitor" below. 
The appointment by the Guarantor will become effective only subject to, and with effect from, the delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice, provided that, in case the Issuer Event of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, the Asset Monitor will 
provide the services to the Guarantor up to the date on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholder will have 
delivered an Article 74 Event Cure Notice.  
Pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has agreed to the Issuer and, upon delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice, to the Guarantor, to verify, subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Test 
Calculation Agent to the Asset Monitor, the arithmetic accuracy of the calculations performed by the Test Calculation 
Agent in relation to the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test carried out pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement, with a view to confirming whether such calculations are accurate. 
In the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has acknowledged to perform its services also for the benefit and in

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
the interests of the Guarantor (to the extent it will carry out the services under the appointment of the Issuer) and the 
Covered Bondholders and accepted that upon delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, it will receive instructions from, 
provide its services to, and be liable vis-à-vis the Guarantor or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on its 
behalf, so that the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice shall entail no termination of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
In addition, on or prior to each relevant date as set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has 
undertaken to deliver to the Guarantor, the Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer and the Issuer the Asset Monitor Report (as defined under the Asset Monitor 
Agreement). 
The Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) may, until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default without any 
prior approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default with the prior approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, revoke the appointment of the Asset 
Monitor, in either case by giving not less than three months' (or earlier, in the event of a breach of warranties and 
covenants) written notice to the Asset Monitor (with a copy to the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) and 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Test Calculation Agent). The Asset Monitor may resign from its 
appointment under the Asset Monitor Agreement, upon giving not less than three months' (or such shorter period as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may agree) prior written notice of termination to the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Test Calculation Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders subject to and conditional upon certain 
conditions set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement 
On 22 July 2014, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Account Bank, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, 
the Test Calculation Agent, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Cash Manager, the Corporate 
Servicer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement. 
Under the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement: 
(i) 
the Account Bank has agreed to establish and maintain, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, Collection 
Account, the Reserve Fund Account and the Guarantor Payments Account and to provide the Guarantor with 
certain reporting services together with account handling services in relation to monies from time to time 
standing to the credit of such Accounts pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement; 
(ii) 
the Guarantor Paying Agent or the Issuer Paying Agent, as the case may be, has agreed to provide the Guarantor 
with certain payment services together with certain calculation services pursuant to the terms of the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement; 
(iii) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent has agreed to provide the Guarantor with calculation services; and 
(iv) 
the Cash Manager has agreed to provide the Guarantor with investment services. 
The Guarantor may (with the prior approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) revoke the appointment 
of any Agent under the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement by giving not less than three months' (or 
earlier, in the event of a breach of warranties and covenants by the relevant Agent) written notice to the relevant Agent 
(with a copy to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), regardless of whether an Issuer Event of Default or a 
Guarantor Event of Default has occurred. Any Agent may resign from its appointment under the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement, upon giving not less than three months' (or such shorter period as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may agree) prior written notice of termination to the Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer subject to and conditional upon certain conditions set out in 
the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
Governing law

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
The Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Cover Pool Management Agreement  
On 22 July 2014, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation 
Agent, the Seller and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, pursuant to which they have agreed certain terms regulating, inter alia, the performance of the Tests with 
respect to the Cover Pool and the purchase and sale by the Guarantor of assets included in the Cover Pool. 
Under the Cover Pool Management Agreement, starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds and 
until the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms, the Seller has undertaken to procure that on any Test Calculation 
Date each of the Statutory Tests and Asset Coverage Test is met with respect to the Cover Pool. In addition, on each 
Test Calculation Date following the service of an Issuer Default Notice (and on any date on which the Amortisation 
Test is to be performed) (provided that, in case the Issuer Event of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has not delivered an Article 74 Event Cure Notice), but prior to service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the Test Calculation Agent shall verify that the Amortisation Test is met with respect to the 
Cover Pool. 
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify if each of the Statutory Tests and Asset Coverage Test is met on each Test 
Calculation Date and, to the extent that on any such Test Calculation Date any of the Statutory Tests and Asset 
Coverage Test was breached, on any following Monthly Calculation Date until the end of the relevant Test Grace 
Period. Pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the “Attività Finanziarie Deteriorate” are not considered 
for the calculation of the Statutory Tests. 
The Test Calculation Agent has agreed to prepare and deliver to Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Asset Monitor, not later than the Test 
Calculation Date (or Monthly test Calculation Date, as applicable) a report setting out the calculations carried out by it 
in respect to the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and (to the extent carried out pursuant to Clause 3.1 (General 
undertaking to ensure Amortisation Test is met) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement) the Amortisation Test and 
other information such as, inter alia, the Top-up Assets Limits (the "Test Performance Report"), it being understood 
that the Test Performance Report shall be provided no later than the Monthly Test Calculation Date in case of 
occurrence of any event described under Clauses 4.2 and 4.5 of the Asset Monitor Agreement. Such Test Performance 
Report shall specify the amount of Top-Up Assets in relation to the Seller, the occurrence of a breach of the Statutory 
Tests and/or the Asset Coverage Test and/or the Amortisation Test and the Portfolio with respect to which a shortfall 
has occurred, identified on the basis of the Seller which transferred it to the Guarantor. 
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify each Test on each Test Calculation Date and, to the extent that on any such Test 
Calculation Date the Asset Coverage Test was breached, on any following Monthly Calculation Date until the end of 
the relevant Test Grace Period. 
If the Test Calculation Agent notifies the breach of any Test in accordance with Clause 4.2 (Breach of Tests) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement, during the period starting on the date on which the breach is notified by the Test 
Calculation Agent and ending on the 1st (first) following Test Calculation Date (the "Test Grace Period"), the 
Guarantor will purchase Eligible Assets and/or Top-Up Assets, to be transferred by the Issuer in an aggregate amount 
sufficient to ensure, also taking into account the information provided by the Test Calculation Agent in the Test 
Performance Report notifying the relevant breach, that as of the Test Calculation Date falling at the end of the Test 
Grace Period, all Tests are satisfied with respect to the Cover Pool provided that, in accordance with Clause 4.5 of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement, failure to remedy the Test will trigger an Issuer Event of Default only to the 
extent that on the end of the relevant Test Grace Period, the relevant breach has not been remedied in accordance with 
Clause 4.3 (Grace Period and Remedy of Tests) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement during the applicable Test 
Grace Period.  
The parties to the Cover Pool Management Agreement have acknowledged that, at any time prior to the delivery of an 
Issuer Default Notice, the aggregate amount of Top-Up Assets included in the Cover Pool may not exceed 15 per cent 
of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Eligible Cover Pool, pursuant to the combined provisions of 
Decree No. 310 and the Bank of Italy Regulations. In this respect, the Test Calculation Agent has undertaken to

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
determine, on each Test Calculation Date, the amount of Top-Up Assets (including any Collections and Recoveries and 
other cash flows deriving from the Eligible Assets and/or Top-Up Assets already transferred to the Guarantor) forming 
part of the Cover Pool and to report such calculation in each Test Performance Report.  
Should the result from any Test Performance Report show that the aggregate amount of Top-Up Assets included in the 
Cover Pool is in excess of 15% (fifteen per cent) of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Eligible Cover 
Pool, then the Seller shall, during the 2nd (second) following Calculation Period, transfer to the Guarantor New 
Portfolio(s) of Eligible Assets in an aggregate amount at least equal to the Relevant Top-Up Asset Excess; provided 
however that such transfer will not be necessary if the aggregate amount of (i) Top-Up Assets transferred by the Seller 
to the Guarantor and (ii) the Collections and Recoveries on the relevant Portfolio is in excess of 15% (fifteen per cent) 
of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Portfolio (the "Relevant Top-Up Assets Excess") has been cured in full on 
or prior to the 1st (first) following Calculation Date immediately following the Test Calculation Date in which any such 
Test Performance Report has been delivered, upon repayment by the Guarantor of any Term Loan outstanding under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments.  
The purchase price of New Portfolio(s) of Eligible Assets so transferred shall be financed (i) in accordance with the 
provisions of Clause 3.4 (Cessione di Nuovi Portafogli finanziati con i Fondi Disponibili in Conto Capitale) of the 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement or (ii) if the sums standing to the credit of the Collection Account are not sufficient 
to fund the purchase price of such New Portfolio(s) of Eligible Assets, through the proceeds of Term Loan(s) advanced 
by the Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement. It is understood that, until the Relevant 
Top-Up Assets Excess is cured pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Managament Agreement, the Relevant 
Top-Up Assets Excess would not be computed for the purposes of the calculation of the Statutory Tests.  
Following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, any Collections and Recoveries and 
other cash flows deriving from the assets and/or Top-Up Assets transferred to the Guarantor may then exceed the 15 per 
cent limit of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Eligible Cover Pool and the above provisions shall 
cease to apply, provided however that, should the Issuer Default Notice consist of an Article 74 Event, such provisions 
shall newly apply upon delivery of an Article 74 Cure Notice. 
For the purpose of allowing the Guarantor to fund the purchases referred to above:the Issuer, in its capacity as 
Subordinated Lender, has undertaken to advance to the Guarantor a Term Loan in accordance with the relevant 
Subordinated Loan Agreement in an amount equal to the purchase price to be paid by the Guarantor for the Eligible 
Assets and/or Top-Up Assets to be transferred by the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer acknowledges and 
agrees that the Total Commitment amount set out from time to time under the Subordinated Loan Agreement shall 
under no circumstances be construed as a limitation with respect to the Issuer's obligations to advance the Term Loans 
due to the Guarantor in order to fund the purchase price for the relevant Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets. 
Following the notification by the Test Calculation Agent that: 
(a) 
on a given Test Calculation Date, the Statutory Tests and/or of the Asset Coverage Test and/or the Amortisation 
Test have been breached; and 
(b) 
after the end of the relevant Test Grace Period, the relevant breach has not been remedied in accordance with 
Clause 4.3 (Grace Period and Remedy of Tests) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement during the applicable 
Test Grace Period,  
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will deliver, as the case may be: 
(i) 
an Issuer Default Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor; or  
(ii) 
a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, if an Issuer Default Notice has already been served (provided that, 
should such Issuer Default Notice consist of an Article 74 Event, it has not served an Article 74 Event Cure 
Notice) and the Amortisation Test is breached. 
Upon receipt of an Issuer Default Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall dispose of the assets 
included in the Cover Pool. The Issuer will not issue further Series of Covered Bonds following the breach of Tests 
which have not been cured or otherwise remedied. 
After the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, but prior to the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, the Guarantor (also through the Servicer, pursuant to article 2.5.2 of the Servicing Agreement) will sell,

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
refinance or otherwise liquidate the Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with 
this Clause 5, subject to the rights of pre-emption in favour of the Issuer to buy such Eligible Assets and, if applicable, 
Top-Up Assets pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of Default 
consists of an Article 74 Event, such provisions will only apply for as long as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will have delivered an Article 74 Event Cure Notice. 
The Eligible Assets to be sold or liquidated will be selected from the Cover Pool on a random basis by the Servicer on 
behalf of the Guarantor and so to ensure that the ratio between the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Cover Pool and the Outstanding Principal Amount of all Series of Covered Bonds remains unaltered both prior to and 
following the sale or liquidation of the relevant Selected Assets and repayment of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds 
(any such Eligible Assets, together with any relevant Top-Up Assets, the "Selected Assets"). 
Before offering Selected Assets for sale or liquidating them, the Guarantor shall ensure that the Selected Assets have an 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance which is as close as possible to: 
(a) 
the Outstanding Principal Amount in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, multiplied by 1+ 
(Negative Carry Factor x (days to maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds/365)); minus 
(b) 
amounts standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the Payment Account and the Reserve Fund Account; 
minus 
(c) 
the principal amount of any Top-Up Assets consisting of deposits,  
excluding, with respect to items (b) and (c) above, all amounts to be applied on the next following Guarantor Payment 
Date to repay higher ranking amounts in the applicable Priority of Payments (the "Required Outstanding Principal 
Balance"). 
The Guarantor through the Portfolio Manager will offer the Selected Assets for sale or liquidate them for the best price 
or proceeds reasonably available but in any event for an amount not less than the Required Outstanding Principal 
Balance (the "Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount"). 
If the Selected Assets have not been sold or otherwise liquidated in an amount equal to the Required Outstanding 
Principal Balance Amount by the date which is six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date (if the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an Extended Maturity Date) or the Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an Extended Maturity Date) of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, and the 
Guarantor does not have sufficient other funds standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the Payment Account 
and the Reserve Fund Account available to repay the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (after taking into account all 
payments, provisions and credits to be made in priority thereto), then the Guarantor through the Portfolio Manager will 
offer the Selected Assets for sale or liquidate them for the best price reasonably available notwithstanding that such 
price may be less than the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount and provided that the Guarantor will sell or 
liquidate further Selected Assets as are necessary to generate proceeds at least equal to the Required Outstanding 
Principal Balance Amount. 
With respect to any sale or liquidation to be carried out, the Guarantor shall instruct the Portfolio Manager (as defined 
below) - to the extent possible taking into account the time left before the Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if 
applicable) of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds - to sell or liquidate any Top-Up Assets included in the Selected 
Assets before any Eligible Assets are sold in accordance herewith. 
The Guarantor may offer for sale or otherwise liquidate part of any portfolio of Selected Assets (a "Partial Portfolio"). 
Except in circumstances described under the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the sale price or liquidation proceeds 
of the Partial Portfolio (as a proportion of the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount) shall be at least equal to 
the proportion that the Partial Portfolio bears to the relevant portfolio of Selected Assets. 
Upon the service of an Issuer Event of Default on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor will through a tender 
process (to be carried out by the Guarantor Corporate Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor) appoint a portfolio manager 
(the "Portfolio Manager") of recognised standing on a basis intended to incentivise the Portfolio Manager to achieve 
the best proceeds for the sale or liquidation of the Selected Assets (if such terms are commercially available in the 
market) and to advise it in relation to the sale to purchasers (except where the Issuer is buying the Selected Assets in 
accordance with its right of pre-emption under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement) or liquidation of the Selected 
Assets. The terms of the agreement giving effect to the appointment of the Portfolio Manager in accordance with such

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
tender, as well as the terms and conditions of the sale of the Selected Assets, shall be approved by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, provided however that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall never be 
responsible against any person whatsoever for the selection of, and the performance of the activities entrusted with, the 
Portfolio Manager so appointed. 
Following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice consisting of an Article 74 Event, the obligation of the Guarantor to 
sell or liquidate Selected Assets, as described above, shall cease to apply starting from the date on which the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders delivers to the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor an 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Following the delivery by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor 
shall immediately sell or liquidate all assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the procedures described 
above and the proceeds thereof will be applied as Guarantor Available Funds, provided that the Guarantor (or, in the 
absence, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) will instruct the Portfolio Manager to use all reasonable 
endeavours to procure that such sale or liquidation is carried out as quickly as reasonably practicable taking into 
account the market conditions at that time. 
Governing law 
The Cover Pool Management Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
The Swap Agreements 
Liability Swap Agreements 
The Guarantor may enter into one or more Liability Swap Agreements on or about the Issue Date of a Series of Covered 
Bonds with one or more Liability Swap Providers to hedge certain interest rate, currency and other risks in respect of 
amounts payable by the Guarantor in respect of the Series of Covered Bonds issued on that Issue Date. The aggregate 
notional amount of the Liability Swap Agreements entered into on each Issue Date shall be linked to the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
Under the Liability Swap Agreements, on each Guarantor Payment Date, it is expected that the Guarantor will pay to 
the Liability Swap Provider an amount calculated by reference to the notional amount of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds multiplied by either a fixed rate or Euribor, possibly increased by a margin. In return, the Liability Swap 
Provider would pay to the Guarantor on the payment dates elected in the relevant confirmation an amount calculated by 
reference to the notional amount multiplied by a rate linked to the interest rate applicable to the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds.  
It is intended that each Liability Swap Agreement would terminate on the date corresponding to the Maturity Date of 
the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series and may or may not take account of any extension of the Maturity Date under 
the terms of such Series of Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Liability Swap Agreement. 
Asset Swap Agreements 
Some of the Mortgage Loans in the portfolio purchased by the Guarantor from each Seller from time to time will pay a 
variable rate of interest and other Mortgage Loans will pay a fixed rate of interest. The Guarantor may enter into an 
Asset Swap Agreement to mitigate variations between the rate of interest payable on the Mortgage Loans in the 
Portfolio and EURIBOR and to ensure sufficient funding of the payment obligations of the Guarantor. 
Rating Downgrade Event 
Under the terms of each Swap Agreement, in the event that the rating(s) of a Swap Provider or its credit support 
provider are downgraded by the Rating Agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Swap Agreement (in 
accordance with the criteria of the Rating Agency), then such Swap Provider will, in accordance with the relevant Swap 
Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may include:  
(a) 
providing collateral for its obligations under the Swap Agreement, or 
(b) 
arranging for its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement to be transferred to an entity with the ratings 
required by the Rating Agency in order to maintain the rating of the Covered Bonds, or 
(c) 
procuring another entity, with the ratings meeting the Rating Agency's criteria in order to maintain the rating of 
the Covered Bonds, to become a guarantor in respect of such Swap Provider's obligations under the Swap

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
Agreement. 
A failure by the relevant Swap Provider to take such steps within the time periods specified in the Swap Agreement 
may allow the Guarantor to terminate the relevant Swap Agreement(s). 
Any Swap Provider that does not, on the day of entry into a Swap Agreement, have the adequate rating shall have its 
obligations to the Guarantor under such Swap Agreement guaranteed by an appropriately rated entity. 
Swap Agreement Credit Support Document 
Each Swap Agreement will be supplemented and complemented by a credit support document in the form of the ISDA 
1995 Credit Support Annex (Transfer English Law) to the ISDA Master Agreement (a "Credit Support Annex"). The 
Credit Support Annex will provide that the relevant Swap Provider, if required to do so following its downgrade or the 
downgrade of its credit support provider and subject to the conditions specified in such Credit Support Annex, will 
transfer collateral (“Swap Collateral”), and the Guarantor will be obliged to return equivalent collateral in accordance 
with the terms of the Swap Agreement.  
Cash and securities (and all income in respect thereof) transferred as collateral will only be available to be applied in 
returning collateral (and income thereon) or in satisfaction of amounts owing by the relevant Swap Provider in 
accordance with the terms and within the limits of the Swap Agreement. 
Any Swap Collateral will be returned by the Guarantor to the relevant Swap Provider directly in accordance with the 
terms of the Swap Agreement and not under any Priority of Payments. 
Governing law 
The Swap Agreements and any non-contractual obligations arising out or connected with them are governed by English 
Law. 
Mandate Agreement 
On 22 July 2014, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into a mandate agreement 
(the "Mandate Agreement"), pursuant to which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be authorised, 
subject to a Guarantor Default Notice being delivered to the Guarantor or upon failure by the Guarantor to exercise its 
rights under the Programme Documents and, subject to certain conditions, to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the 
Guarantor, in the interest of the Covered Bondholders and for the benefit of the Other Creditors all the Guarantor's right 
with reference to certain Programme Documents. 
Governing law 
The Mandate Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Deed of Pledge 
On 22 July 2014, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors entered into 
the Deed of Pledge under which, without prejudice and in addition to any security, guarantee and other right provided 
by the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Deed of Charge, securing the discharge of the Guarantor's 
obligations to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors, the Guarantor has pledged in favour of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Creditors all monetary claims and rights and all the amount arising (including payment for 
claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and guarantees) to which the Guarantor is or will be entitled to from 
time to time pursuant to certain Programme Documents, with the exclusion of the Cover Pool and the Collections. The 
security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge will become enforceable upon the service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice. 
Governing law 
The Deed of Pledge is governed by Italian law. 
Deed of Charge 
On 22 July 2014, the Guarantor entered into the Deed of Charge with the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
pursuant to which, without prejudice and in addition to any security, guarantees and other rights provided by the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law and the Deed of Pledge securing the discharge of the Guarantor's obligations to

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors, the Guarantor has charged and assigned in favour of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as trustee for the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors all of its 
right, title, benefit and interest under the Swap Agreements, including the benefit of any guarantees thereunder, and 
right or title on or to any asset subject to English law. The security created pursuant to the Deed of Charge will become 
enforceable upon the service of a Guarantor Default Notice. 
Governing law 
The Deed of Charge is governed by English law. 
Corporate Services Agreement 
On 30 May 2014, the Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor have entered into a corporate services agreement with the 
Corporate Servicer (the "Corporate Services Agreement"), pursuant to which the Corporate Servicer has agreed to 
provide certain corporate and administrative services to the Guarantor 
Governing law 
The Corporate Services Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Back-up Servicing Agreement 
On 5 August 2019, the Servicer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and Banca Finint 
entered into a back-up servicing agreement (the “Back-up Servicing Agreement”) pursuant to which the Guarantor 
appointed Banca Finint, that accepted, as back-up servicer of the Programme (the “Back-up Servicer”). 
Governing law 
The Back-up Servicing Agreement Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Quotaholders' Agreement 
For a description of the Quotaholders' Agreement, see "The Guarantor".

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer. The Guarantor has no obligation 
to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the Covered Bond Guarantee until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, 
service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and on the 
Guarantor or, if earlier, following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, service by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as applicable, ultimate 
payments to Covered Bondholders, as follows: 
• 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
• 
the Statutory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test are periodically performed with the intention of ensuring that 
the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to repay the Covered Bonds; 
• 
the Amortisation Test is periodically performed, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and 
service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, for the purpose of testing the asset 
coverage of the Guarantor's assets in respect of the Covered Bonds;  
• 
a Reserve Fund Account will be established which will build up over time, in order to ensure that the Guarantor 
will have sufficient funds set aside to fulfil its obligation to pay interest accruing with respect to the Covered 
Bonds or the Liability Swap Agreements; and 
• 
the swap agreements that may be entered into in order to hedge certain interest rate, currency or other risks, in 
respect of amounts received and amounts payable by the Guarantor. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Guarantee 
The Covered Bond Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed Amounts when they 
become due for payment in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
See "Cashflows" further, as regards the payment of amounts payable by the Guarantor to Covered Bondholders and the 
Other Issuer Creditors following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
Compliance with the Tests 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Issuer must ensure that, on each Test Calculation Date 
prior to service of an Issuer Default Notice, the Cover Pool is in compliance with the Tests described below. If on any 
Test Calculation Date the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the Tests, then the Seller will sell Eligible Assets or 
Top-Up Assets to the Guarantor for an amount sufficient to allow the Tests to be met on the next following Test 
Calculation Date, in accordance with the Master Loans Purchase Agreements and the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, to be financed through the proceeds of the Subordinated Loan to be granted by Seller. 
Statutory Tests 
The Statutory Tests are intended to ensure that the Guarantor can meet its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. In order to ensure that the statutory tests provided for under Article 3 of Decree No. 310 (the "Statutory 
Tests") are satisfied and that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to repay the Covered Bonds, the Seller must ensure 
that the three tests set out below are satisfied on each Calculation Date. 
 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the “Attività Finanziarie Deteriorate” will not be considered for 
the calculation of the Statutory Tests. 
Nominal Value Test 
The outstanding aggregate principal balance of the Eligible Cover Pool from time to time owned by the Guarantor (for 
the avoidance of doubts, this amount includes the aggregate amounts standing to the credit of the Collection Account, 
the Reserve Fund Account and the Guarantor Payments Account (in relation to the principal component only)) up to the

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period which have not been applied in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the Euro Equivalent amount of the aggregate principal 
notional amount of all Covered Bonds at the same time outstanding (the “Nominal Value Test”).  
Net Present Value Test 
The Issuer and the Seller must ensure, and the Test Calculation Agent shall verify, on each Test Calculation Date or 
Monthly Test Calculation Date, as the case may be, that the Net Present Value Test is met with respect to the Cover 
Pool. 
The Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the Net Present Value of the 
Euro Equivalent amount of the Outstanding Covered Bonds (the “NPV Test”) where 
“Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool” means on each Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test 
Calculation Date, an amount equal to the algebraic sum of:  
(i) 
the product of 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(B) 
the expected future principal and future interest payments to be received by the Guarantor under or in 
respect of the Eligible Cover Pool (it being understood that such future principal and interest payments in 
respect of any Mortgage Loan for which the LTV exceed the percentage limit set forth under article 2, 
paragraph 1, of the Decree No. 310 will be considered up to an amount that, takes into account the Latest 
Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with such percentage limit); plus  
(ii) 
the product of 
(a) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(b) 
the expected payments to be made or received by the Guarantor under or in respect of the Swap 
Agreements; minus 
(iii) 
the product of 
(1) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(2) 
any amount expected to be paid by the Guarantor in priority to the Swap Agreements in accordance with 
the relevant Priorities of Payments; plus 
(iv) 
any principal payment actually received by the Guarantor in respect of the Receivables and not yet applied under 
the relevant Priority of Payments;  
“Net Present Value of the Covered Bonds” means on each Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test Calculation 
Date, an amount equal to the product of (i) the applicable Discount Factor and (ii) the expected principal and interest 
payments due in respect of the Euro Equivalent amount of the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme;  
“Discount Factor” means the discount rate, implied in the relevant Swap Curve, calculated by the Test Calculation 
Agent on each Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the 
relevant Tests are to be carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement and the other Programme 
Documents, as the case may be. 
“Swap Curve” means the term structure of interest rates used by the Servicer in accordance with the best market 
practice and calculation based on market instruments. 
 
Interest Coverage Test 
The Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the interest payments 
scheduled to be due in respect of all the Outstanding Principal balance of all the Covered Bonds (the “Interest 
Coverage Test”), where:

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
“Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool” means, on each Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test 
Calculation Date, an amount equal to the positive difference between:  
(i) 
the sum of  
(A) 
interest payments received, or expected to be received, by the Guarantor under or in respect of the 
Eligible Cover Pool in each and all respective Calculation Periods (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any amount of interest to be realised from the investment into Eligible Investments of principal 
collections arising from the expected amortisation of the Eligible Cover Pool in each and all respective 
Calculation Periods and it being understood that the interest payments expected to be received in respect 
of any Mortgage Loan for which the LTV exceed the percentage limit set forth under article 2, paragraph 
1, of the Decree No. 310, will be considered up to an amount that, takes into account the Latest Valuation 
relating to that Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with such percentage limit) and any amount of interest 
accrued on the Collection Account, the Reserve Fund Account and the Guarantor Payments Account and 
any additional cash flows expected to be deposited in the Collection Account, the Reserve Fund Account 
and the Guarantor Payments Account in each and all respective Calculation Periods; 
(B) 
any amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments under the Swap Agreements prior to or on each 
and all respective Guarantor Payment Dates; and  
(C) 
any other amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments owed under the Swap Agreements; and 
(ii) 
the payments (in relation to the interest component only) to be effected in accordance with the relevant Priority 
of Payments, by the Guarantor in priority to any amount to be paid on the Covered Bonds, and including 
payments under the Swap Agreements on each and all respective Guarantor Payment Dates.  
 
Asset Coverage Test 
In addition to the Statutory Tests, starting from the Initial Issue Date and until the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and 
(b) 
the date on which an Issuer Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, 
the Test Calculation Agent shall verify on each Test Calculation Date and, to the extent that on any such Test 
Calculation Date the Asset Coverage Test was breached, on any following Monthly Test Calculation Date until the end 
of the relevant Test Grace Period, as the case may be, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount (as defined below) is at 
least equal to the Euro Equivalent amount of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (the 
“Asset Coverage Test”). 
For the purpose of the Asset Coverage Test, “Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount” means an amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
A+B+C + D -Y-W - H - Z 
where 
“A” is equal to the lower of (i) and (ii), 
where: 
(i) 
is the aggregate of the “LTV Adjusted Principal Balance” of each Mortgage Loan in the Eligible Cover Pool 
as at any given date, calculated as the lower of:  
1. 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan in the Eligible Cover Pool as at 
the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period; and 
2. 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Residential Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by M (where M 
is equal to (a) 80 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are up to 90 days In Arrears or not In Arrears, (b) 
40 per cent for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are more than 90 days In Arrears but are not yet 
Defaulted Receivables and (c) zero for all Defaulted Receivables),

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
minus 
the aggregate of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period: 
(A) 
a Residential Mortgage Loan or any security relating thereto was, during the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period, in breach of the representations and warranties contained in the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement and the Seller has not indemnified the Guarantor or otherwise cured such breach, to 
the extent required by the terms of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (any such Residential 
Mortgage Loan an “Affected Loan”). In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted Principal 
Balance of the relevant Affected Loans (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period); and/or 
(B) 
the Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material representation and 
warranty under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in any preceding 
Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing Agreement. In this event, the aggregate 
LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the 
last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount 
equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately preceding Calculation 
Period in respect of such Residential Mortgage Loan (such financial loss to be calculated by the Test 
Calculation Agent without double counting with the reduction under (A) above and to be set off against 
any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the Seller and/or the Servicer to indemnify the 
Guarantor for such financial loss) (any such loss a “Breach Related Loss”); 
AND 
(ii)  
is the aggregate “Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance” of the Residential Mortgage Loans in the 
Eligible Cover Pool as at any given date which in relation to each Residential Mortgage Loan shall be calculated 
as the lower of (1) the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Residential Mortgage Loan as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Collection Period, and (2) the Latest Valuation relating 
to that Residential Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by N (where N is equal to (a) 100 per cent for all 
Residential Mortgage Loans that are less up to 90 days In Arrears or not In Arrears, (b) 40 per cent for 
Residential Mortgage Loans that are more than 90 days In Arrears but are not yet Defaulted Receivables and (c) 
zero for all Defaulted Receivables), 
 
minus 
the aggregate sum of (1) the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of any Affected Loan(s), calculated as 
described in item (i)(A) above and/or (2) any Breach Related Losses, calculated as described in item (i)(B) 
above,  
the result of which multiplied by the Asset Percentage. 
It being understood that in the event the Issuer chooses not to apply such other percentage figure of the Asset 
Percentage lower than 88 per cent (as defined under item (b) of the relevant definition), this will not result in a breach of 
the Asset Coverage Test. 
For the purpose of the computation of the item A above, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans shall 
include the Outstanding Principal Balance with reference to the relevant Valuation Date (excluded) of any New 
Portfolio sold after the Collection Period End Date and prior to the relevant Test Calculation Date (or Monthly Test 
Calculation Date, as the case may be), to the extent that a Series of Covered Bonds has been issued or is to be issued 
during the same period of time and all the steps required under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement for the purposes 
of the purchase of the New Portfolio by the Guarantor having been taken and the relevant notice of assignment having 
been published in the Official Gazette and registered in the companies' register before the relevant Issue Date. 
“B” is equal to the aggregate amount of all sums standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the Reserve Fund

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
Account and the Guarantor Payments Account as at the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period which 
have not been applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments up to a maximum nominal amount which 
cannot exceed, taking into account “C” below, 15 per cent of the nominal amount of the aggregate Cover Pool as at 
such date; 
“C” is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Top Up Assets and/or Eligible Investments as the 
end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period (without duplication with the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accounts under “B” above) and up to a maximum nominal amount which cannot exceed, taking into account “B” 
above, 15 per cent of the nominal amount of the aggregate Cover Pool as at such date; 
"D" stands for the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Eligible Assets other than Mortgage Loans. 
“Y” is equal to the Potential Set-Off Amount; 
“W” is equal to the Commingling Amount; 
“H” is equal to the aggregate amount of the principal instalment of each Mortgage Loan which have been deferred in 
accordance with a Payment Holiday, as long as the relevant Mortgage Loan has a Payment Holiday; 
“Z” means the amount resulting from the product of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds 
then outstanding expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, and (iii) the Negative Carry Factor; 
“Asset Percentage” means, on any Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test Calculation Date and/or on any other 
date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the Cover Pool Management Agreement or under other 
Programme Documents, as the case may be, the lower of (a) 88 per cent and (b) such lower percentage figure 
determined by the Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor in accordance with the Rating Agency’s methodologies (after 
procuring the level of overcollateralization in order to comply with the Asset Coverage Test following such change), 
notified using the pro-forma notice attached under Schedule 1 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement to the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Servicer, the Rating Agency, the Asset Monitor and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders and published in the relevant Investor Report as the new Asset Percentage.  
"Payment Holiday" means in respect of a Mortgage Loan, the period of deferral of the payment of its interest and/or 
principal instalments in accordance with (i) the application of moratoria provisions from time to time granted to Debtors 
by any laws, agreements between Italian banking associations and national consumer associations, the Bank of Italy or 
other regulatory bodies regulations, or (ii) the agreement reached by the Servicer and the Debtors. 
 
Amortisation Test 
The Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that, following an Issuer Event of Default, the service of an Issuer Default 
Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor (but prior to service on the Guarantor of a Guarantor Default Notice), the 
Cover Pool contains sufficient assets to enable the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The Amortisation Test will be considered met if, on the relevant Test Calculation Date, the Amortisation Test 
Aggregate Loan Amount is an amount at least equal to the Euro Equivalent amount of the Outstanding Principal 
Amount of the issued Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Test Calculation Date. If the Amortisation Test 
Aggregate Loan Amount is less than the Outstanding Principal Amount of the issued Covered Bonds, then the 
Amortisation Test will be deemed to be breached and if such breach is not remedied by the Seller (or failing which, the 
Issuer) in accordance with Clause 4.3 (Grace Period and Remedy of Tests) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement 
during the applicable Test Grace Period, a Guarantor Default Notice will be served by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on the Guarantor causing the acceleration of the Covered Bonds and a demand for enforcement of 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Test Calculation Agent, whilst Covered Bonds are outstanding, will immediately 
notify the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of any breach of the Amortisation Test. Following a Guarantor 
Default Notice, the Guarantor will be required to make payments in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments. 
The "Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount" will be calculated on each Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Test Calculation Date, as the case may be, as follows:

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
A + B + C – Z 
where, 
"A" 
stands for the aggregate "Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance" of each Residential Mortgage Loan in the 
Cover Pool as at the relevant Calculation Date, which shall be the lower of: 
(i) the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of each Residential Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last day 
of the immediately preceding Collection Period multiplied by M and  
(ii) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Residential Mortgage Loan multiplied by M, 
where M is equal to (a) 100 per cent, for all Mortgage Loans that are up to three months In Arrears or not In 
Arrears, (b) 85 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are more than three months In Arrears but are not yet 
Defaulted Receivables and (c) 70 per cent for all Defaulted Receivables, 
minus 
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Residential 
Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period: 
(I) 
a Residential Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding Collection Period, an Affected Loan. In this 
event, the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Residential Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool 
(as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by 
an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loans (as calculated on the last 
day of the immediately preceding Collection Period) multiplied by M (where M is equal to (a) 100 per cent, for 
all Residential Mortgage Loans that are up to three months In Arrears or not In Arrears, (b) 85 per cent for all 
Residential Mortgage Loans that are more than three months In Arrears but are not yet Defaulted Receivables 
and (c) 70 per cent for all Defaulted Receivables; and/or 
(II) 
the Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material representation and warranty 
under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in any preceding Calculation Period, in 
breach of a material term of the Servicing Agreement. In this event, the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the Residential Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period) will be deemed to be reduced, by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss 
incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately preceding Collection Period in respect of such Residential 
Mortgage Loan (such financial loss to be calculated by the Test Calculation Agent without double counting with 
the reduction under (I) above and to be set off against any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by 
the Seller and/or the Servicer to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss); 
"B" 
stands for the aggregate of principal amount standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the Reserve Fund 
Account and the Guarantor Payments Account and the principal amount of any Top-Up Assets or Eligible 
Investment at the end of the preceding Collection Period; 
"C" 
stands for the aggregate amount of all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Eligible 
Cover Pool up to the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period which have not been provisioned as at 
the relevant Calculation Date to acquire further New Portfolio and/or Top Up Assets or otherwise provisioned 
in accordance with the Programme Documents; and 
"Z" 
stands for the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds (expressed in years) then outstanding 
multiplied by the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds multiplied by the Negative 
Carry Factor. 
Reserve Fund Account 
The Reserve Fund Account is held in the name of the Guarantor for the purpose of setting aside, on each Guarantor 
Payment Date, the relevant Reserve Fund Amount. Such Reserve Fund Amount will be determined on each Calculation 
Date in an amount sufficient to ensure that, in the event that a payment is required to the Guarantor under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor would have sufficient funds set aside and readily available to pay (A) interest accruing

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
in respect of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds during the immediately following Guarantor Payment Period 
(such that, (a) if Liability Swap Agreements are in place for a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing 
will be the higher of the amount due to the Liability Swap Provider or the amount due to the Covered Bondholders of 
such Series, (b) if Liability Swap Agreements are not in place for a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts 
accruing will be the amount due the Covered Bondholders of such Series and (c) if Liability Swap Agreements are in 
place for a portion of a Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the sum of (i) for the portion of 
the Series covered by the Liability Swap Agreement, the higher of the amount due to the Liability Swap Provider and 
the amount due to the Covered Bondholders of such Series, and (ii) for the remaining portion, the interest amounts 
accruing will be the proportional amount due the Covered Bondholders of such Series) as calculated by the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent on or prior to each Calculation Date, plus (B) prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the 
aggregate amount to be paid by the Guarantor on the second Guarantor Payment Date following the relevant 
Calculation Date in respect of the items (First)(a) to (Third) of the Pre- Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments, as calculated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent; plus (C) any additional amount that the Issuer has 
voluntarily resolved to accumulate as reserve in order to create an additional stock to procure that the Statutory Tests 
are met with respect to the Cover Pool.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
CASHFLOWS 
As described above under "Credit Structure", until an Issuer Default Notice is served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, 
the Covered Bonds will be obligations of the Issuer only. The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the 
Covered Bonds, whether or not it has received any corresponding payment from the Guarantor. 
This section summarises the cashflows of the Guarantor only, as to the allocation and distribution of amounts standing 
to the credit of the Accounts and their order of priority (all such orders of priority, the "Priority of Payments") (a) prior 
to an Issuer Event of Default and a Guarantor Event of Default, (b) following an Issuer Event of Default (but prior to a 
Guarantor Event of Default) and (c) following a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Definitions 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Interest Available Funds" means, in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
interest collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into the Collection Account during 
the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(b) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and fees received by the Servicer and credited to the Collection Account 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(c) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the Accounts (excluding 
the Swap Collateral Cash Account and the Swap Collateral Securities Account) during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Calculation Date;  
(d) 
all interest deriving from the Eligible Investments made with reference to the immediately preceding Collection 
Period; 
(e) 
any payment received on or immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment Date from any Swap Provider other 
than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts and any principal payments under the Swap Agreements; 
(f) 
all interest amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement; 
(g) 
the Reserve Fund Amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Fund Account; and 
(h) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Guarantor Available Funds and 
other than any principal amounts) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Programme Documents; and 
(i) 
interest amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
 
"Principal Available Funds" means, in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited to the Collection 
Account net of the amounts applied to purchase Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal received by the Servicer and credited to the Collection Account 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(c) 
all principal amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement;  
(d) 
the proceeds of any disposal of Eligible Assets and any disinvestments of Top-Up Assets;  
(e) 
any other principal amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts as of the immediately preceding Collection 
Date; 
(f) 
any principal amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Principal Available 
Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Programme Documents during the immediately

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
preceding Collection Period; 
(g) 
any swap principal payable under the Swap Agreements other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts;  
(h) 
any amount paid under the Subordinated Loan and not repaid standing to the credit of the Collection Account; 
(i) 
all the amounts allocated pursuant to item Sixth of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
and 
(j) 
principal amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments 
Prior to service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor or service of a Guarantor Default Notice on 
the Guarantor, Interest Available Funds will be applied by or on behalf of the Guarantor on each Guarantor Payment 
Date in making the following payments and provisions (the "Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments") (in each case only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been made in 
full): 
(a) 
First, (a) to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses of the 
Guarantor (to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account have been insufficient to 
pay such amounts) and (b) to credit to the Expenses Account such an amount as will bring the balance of such 
account up to (but not in excess of) the Retention Amount; 
(b) 
Second, to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(c) 
Third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due and payable 
to the Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Asset 
Monitor, the Account Bank, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Cash Manager, the Back-
up Servicer and the Cover Pool Manager (if any); 
(d) 
Fourth, to pay or to make provisions for (as the case may be) any amounts due and payable to any Swap 
Provider (including any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor except where the relevant 
Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the relevant Swap Provider has become a Sole Affected Party 
following the occurrence of a Downgrade Termination Event (as defined in the Liability Swap Agreement) or 
the Guarantor has become the Sole Affected Party following the occurrence of an Additional Termination Event 
in respect of the occurrence of any change in law of Securitisation and Covered Bond Law pursuant to Part 
1(h)(ii) of the Liability Swap Agreement) other than the swap principal; 
(e) 
Fifth, to transfer to the Reserve Fund Account the relevant Reserve Fund Amount; 
(f) 
Sixth, to allocate to the Principal Available Funds an amount equal to the amounts, if any, allocated on the 
immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date and on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date pursuant to 
item First of the Pre Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, net of any amount already allocated 
under this item Sixth on any previous Guarantor Payment Date; 
(g) 
Seventh, to pay any Base Interest due to the Subordinated Lender under the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
provided that the Statutory test and the Asset Coverage Test are satisfied on such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(h) 
Eighth, to pay or to make provisions for (as the case may be) any payments due and payable by the Guarantor to 
any Swap Provider not paid under item Fourth above; and 
(i) 
Ninth, to pay any Premium Interest due to the Subordinated Lender under the Subordinated Loan Agreement, 
provided that the Statutory Test and the Asset Coverage Test are satisfied on such Guarantor Payment Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Guarantor shall, if necessary, make the payments set out under items First, paragraph 
(a), above also during each Interest Period and (ii) any Swap Collateral Excluded Amount will be paid to the relevant 
Swap Counterparty directly pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Support Annex and not under the Priority of 
Payments 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
Prior to service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor or service of a Guarantor Default Notice on 
the Guarantor, all Principal Available Funds will be applied by or on behalf of the Guarantor on each Guarantor 
Payment Date in making the following payments and provisions (the "Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority 
of Payments") (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of provisions of a higher priority have been made in 
full): 
(a) 
First, to pay any amount due and payable under items First to Fifth of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments to the extent that the Interest Available Funds are not sufficient to make the payments in 
full on such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(b) 
Second, to acquire Eligible Asset or Top Up Asset (other than those funded through the proceeds of the 
Subordinated Loan); 
(c) 
Third, to pay or to make provisions for (as the case may be) any swap principal due to any Swap Provider; 
(d) 
Fourth, to repay the Subordinated Loan advanced by the Subordinated Lender under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, provided that the Statutory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test are complied with (after such 
payment) and the Subordinated Lender has requested the repayment of the Subordinated Loan pursuant to 
clause 6.5.1 of the Subordinated Loan Agreement; and 
(e) 
Fifth, to the extent that the Subordinated Lender has not received amounts as repayment of the Subordinated 
Loan under item Fourth above, to deposit, pursuant to clause 6.5.2 of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the 
relevant amounts in the Collection Account. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Swap Collateral Excluded Amount will be paid to the relevant Swap Counterparty 
directly pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Support Annex to the Swap Agreement and not under the Priority of 
Payments. 
Guarantee Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date after the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior 
to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice), the Guarantor Available Funds shall be applied at the direction of the 
Guarantor in making the following payments or provisions in the following order of priority (in each case only if and to 
the extent that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(a) 
First, (a) to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses of the 
Guarantor owed to third parties (to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account have 
been insufficient to pay such amounts) and (b) to credit to the Expenses Account such an amount as will bring 
the balance of such account up to (but not in excess of) the Retention Amount; 
(b) 
Second, to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(c) 
Third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due and payable 
to the Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, Test Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Asset 
Monitor, the Account Bank, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Cash Manager, the Back-
up Servicer and the Cover Pool Manager (if any); 
(d) 
Fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amounts, other than in 
respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date or during the period commencing on 
(and including) such Guarantor Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the immediately following 
Guarantor Payment Date (the "Guarantor Payment Period") (i) to any Swap Provider (including any 
termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor except where the relevant Swap Provider is the 
Defaulting Party or the relevant Swap Provider has become a Sole Affected Party following the occurrence of a 
Downgrade Termination Event (as defined in the Liability Swap Agreement) or the Guarantor has become the 
Sole Affected Party following the occurrence of an Additional Termination Event in respect of the occurrence 
of any change in law of Securitisation and Covered Bond Law pursuant to Part 1(h)(ii) of the Liability Swap 
Agreement); and (ii) on the Covered Bonds; 
(e) 
Fifth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amounts in respect of 
principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date or during the immediately following Guarantor

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
Payment Period (i) to any Swap Provider (including any termination payments due and payable by the 
Guarantor except where the relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the relevant Swap Provider has 
become a Sole Affected Party following the occurrence of a Downgrade Termination Event (as defined in the 
Liability Swap Agreementor the Guarantor has become the Sole Affected Party following the occurrence of an 
Additional Termination Event in respect of the occurrence of any change in law of Securitisation and Covered 
Bond Law pursuant to Part 1(h)(ii) of the Liability Swap Agreement); and (ii) on the Covered Bonds; 
(f) 
Sixth, to deposit in the Reserve Fund Account any cash balances until the Covered Bonds have been repaid in 
full or sufficient amounts have been accumulated to pay outstanding Covered Bonds; 
(g) 
Seventh, to pay any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor to the Swap Providers not paid 
under item Fourth or Fifth above; 
(h) 
Eighth, to pay to the Seller any amount due and payable under the Programme Documents, to the extent not 
already paid or payable under other items above; 
(i) 
Ninth, to pay any principal due and payable to the Subordinated Lender under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement; and 
(j) 
Tenth, to pay any Base Interest and Premium Interest due to the Subordinated Lender under the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Guarantor shall, if necessary, make the payments set out under items First, paragraph 
(a), above also during each Interest Period and (ii) any Swap Collateral Excluded Amount will be paid to the relevant 
Swap Counterparty directly pursuant to the provisions of the Credit Support Annex and not under the Priority of 
Payments. 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments 
Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, 
the Guarantor Available Funds will be applied in the following order of priority (in each case only if and to the extent 
that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(a) 
First, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses of the 
Guarantor owed to third parties (to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account have 
been insufficient to pay such amounts); 
(b) 
Second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due and 
payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the remuneration due to any Receiver and any 
proper costs and expenses incurred by it; 
(c) 
Third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due and payable 
to the Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent ,the Corporate Servicer, the Asset 
Monitor, the Account Bank, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Cash Manager and the 
Cover Pool Manager (if any); 
(d) 
Fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) any amounts due and 
payable to any Swap Provider (including any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor except 
where the relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the relevant Swap Provider has become a Sole 
Affected Party following the occurrence of a Downgrade Termination Event (as defined in the Liability Swap 
Agreement) or the Guarantor has become the Sole Affected Party following the occurrence of an Additional 
Termination Event in respect of the occurrence of any change in law of Securitisation and Covered Bond Law 
pursuant to Part 1(h)(ii) of the Liability Swap Agreement); and (ii) any interest and any Outstanding Principal 
Amount due under all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds; 
(e) 
Fifth, to pay any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor to any Swap Provider not paid under 
item Fourth above; 
(f) 
Sixth, to pay to the Seller any amount due and payable under the Programme Documents, to the extent not 
already paid or payable under other items above;

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
(g) 
Seventh, to pay any amount outstanding payable to the Subordinated Lender under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL 
The Cover Pool is comprised of (i) the Portfolio, which is in turn comprised of Mortgage Loans and related collateral 
assigned to the Guarantor by the Seller in accordance with the terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and (ii) 
any other Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets held by the Guarantor. 
The Initial Portfolio and each New Portfolio acquired by the Guarantor (the "Portfolio"), consists of Mortgage Loans 
sold by any the Seller to the Guarantor from time to time, in accordance with the terms of the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement, as more fully described under "Overview of the Programme Documents — Master Loans Purchase 
Agreements". 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Initial Portfolio" means the initial portfolio of Receivables, comprising Eligible Assets, purchased by the Guarantor 
from the Seller pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement; 
"New Portfolio" means any portfolio of Receivables (other than the Initial Portfolio), comprising Eligible Assets, 
and/or Top-Up Assets which may be purchased by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the terms and subject to 
the conditions of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
Eligibility Criteria 
The sale of Loans and their Related Security and the transfer of any other Eligible Asset or Top-Up Asset to the 
Guarantor will be subject to various conditions (the "Eligibility Criteria") being satisfied on the relevant Transfer Date 
(except as otherwise indicated). The Eligibility Criteria with respect to each asset type will vary from time to time but 
will at all times include criteria so that Italian law requirements are met. 
The following assets (attivi idonei or "Eligible Assets") are considered eligible under Article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of 
Decree No. 310: 
(a) 
residential mortgage loans that have an LTV that does not exceed 80 per cent and for which the hardening period 
with respect to the perfection of the relevant mortgage has elapsed; 
(b) 
commercial mortgage loans that have an LTV that does not exceed 60 per cent and for which the hardening 
period with respect to the perfection of the relevant mortgage has elapsed; 
(c) 
receivables owed by, securities issued by, or receivables or securities which have the benefit of a guarantee 
eligible for credit risk mitigation granted by: 
(i) 
public entities, including ministerial bodies and local or regional bodies, located within the European 
Economic Area or Switzerland for which a risk weight not exceeding 20 per cent is applicable in 
accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for Banks — standardised approach; and 
(ii) 
public entities, located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, for which a 0 per cent risk 
weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for Banks — 
standardised approach — or regional or local public entities or non-economic administrative entities, 
located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, for which a risk weight not exceeding 20 
per cent is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for Banks — 
standardised approach; 
(d) 
asset backed securities for which a risk weight not exceeding 20 per cent is applicable in accordance with the 
Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for Banks — standardised approach — provided that at least 95 per cent of 
the relevant securitised assets are: 
(i) 
residential mortgage loans that have an LTV that does not exceed 80 per cent and for which the hardening 
period with respect to the perfection of the relevant mortgage has elapsed; 
(ii) 
commercial mortgage loans that have an LTV that does not exceed 60 per cent and for which the 
hardening period with respect to the perfection of the relevant mortgage has elapsed; 
(iii) 
receivables or securities satisfying the requirements indicated under item (c) above; 
provided that the assets described under item (d)(ii) above may not amount to more than 10 per cent of the aggregate

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
nominal value of the Cover Pool. 
Eligibility Criteria for Mortgage Loans 
Under the Master Loans Purchase Agreements, the Seller and the Guarantor have agreed the following common criteria 
(the “Common Criteria”) (see "Overview of the Programme Documents — Master Loans Purchase Agreements" 
above) that will be applied in selecting the Mortgage Loans that will be transferred thereunder to the Guarantor: 
Receivables arising from loans: 
• 
which are, alternatively: (A) residential mortgage receivables (i) with a risk weight not higher than 35% and in 
respect of which the relevant principal amount outstanding added to the principal amount outstanding of any 
higher ranking mortgage loans secured by the same property, does not exceed 80% of the value of the property, 
in accordance with Decree No. 310, or (ii) in case of a loan guaranteed by mortgage on more than one property, 
among which at least one is a residential property, in respect of which the relevant principal amount outstanding 
added to the principal amount outstanding of any higher ranking mortgage loans secured by the same property, 
does not exceed 80% of the value of the residential property; or (B) commercial mortgage receivables (i) with a 
risk weight not higher than 50% and in respect of which the relevant principal amount outstanding added to the 
principal amount outstanding of any higher ranking mortgage loans secured by the same property, does not 
exceed 60% of the value of the property, in accordance with Decree No. 310, or (ii) in case of a loan guaranteed 
by mortgage on more than one property, among which at least one is a commercial property, in respect of which 
the relevant principal amount outstanding added to the principal amount outstanding of any higher ranking 
mortgage loans secured by the same property, does not exceed 60% of the value of the commercial property; 
• 
in relation to which the consolidation period applicable to the relevant mortgage has ended and the relevant 
mortgage is not subject to appeal pursuant to Article 67 of Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March 1942 and, where 
applicable, Article 39, paragraph 4, of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993; 
• 
which have been drawn or purchased by Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A.; 
• 
which are governed by Italian law; 
• 
which are performing and in relation to which no instalments outstanding for more than 29 days from the due 
payment date subsist; 
• 
which do not include any clauses limiting the possibility for Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. to assign the 
receivables arising thereunder or providing the debtor’s consent for such assignment, Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
S.c.p.A. has obtained such consent; 
• 
in respect of which the debtor has paid at least one instalment (also considering an interest instalment only); 
• 
which provide for all payments on behalf of the debtor to be made in Euro; 
• 
which have been fully disbursed; 
• 
which have been granted to: (A) an individual ((B) a legal person (excluding public sector entities, local 
authorities and central administrations and central banks); or (C) more individuals or legal persons jointly; 
• 
which bear a floating interest rate (including a floating interest rate with a cap) (determined from time to time by 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A.) or a fixed or mixed or optional interest rate 
• 
which are secured by a first lien, or any following lien, mortgage.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RELEVANT LEGISLATION IN ITALY 
The following is a general description of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law (as defined below) and other 
legislation that may be relevant to investors in assessing the Covered Bonds, including recent legislation affecting the 
rights of mortgage borrowers. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of the legislation described below or of the 
other considerations relating to the Covered Bonds arising from Italian laws and regulations. Furthermore, this 
overview is based on Italian Legislation as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to 
change, potentially with retroactive effect. This description will not be updated to reflect changes in laws. Accordingly, 
prospective Covered Bondholders should consult their own advisers as to the risks arising from Italian legislations that 
may affect any assessment by them of the Covered Bonds. 
The Securitisation and Covered Bond Law 
The legal and regulatory framework with respect to the issue of covered bonds in Italy comprises the following: 
• 
Article 7-bis and article 7-ter of the Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (as amended and supplemented from time to 
time, the "Securitisation and Covered Bond Law"); 
• 
the regulations issued by the Italian Ministry for the Economy and Finance on 14 December 2006 under Decree 
No. 310 (the "MEF Regulation"); 
• 
the C.I.C.R. Decree dated 12 April 2007; and 
• 
Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), 
as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Bank of Italy Regulations"). 
Law Decree No. 35 of 14 March 2005, converted by Law No. 80 of 14 May 2005, amended the Securitisation and 
Covered Bond Law by adding two new articles, Articles 7-bis and 7-ter, which enable banks to issue covered bonds. 
Articles 7-bis and 7-ter, however, required both the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance and the Bank of Italy to 
issue specific regulations before the relevant structures could be implemented. 
The Securitisation and Covered Bond Law was further amended by Law Decree no. 145 of 23 December 2013 as 
converted with amendments into Law n. 9 of 21 February 2014 and by Law Decree no. 91 of 24 June 2014 as converted 
with amendments into Law No. 116 of 11 August 2014. 
The Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circolare of the Bank of Italy 
No. 285 of 17 December 2013) which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing CRD IV Package and setting 
out additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised on EU level. Following the publication on 25 
June 2014 of the 5th update to Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013, which added a new Chapter 
3 (“Obbligazioni bancarie garantite”) in Part III contained therein, the provisions set forth under Title V, Chapter 3 of 
Circolare No. 263 of 27 December 2006 have been abrogated.  
The Bank of Italy Regulations introduced provisions, among other things, regulating: 
• 
the capital adequacy requirements that issuing banks must satisfy in order to issue covered bonds and the ability 
of issuing banks to manage risks; 
• 
limitations on the total value of eligible assets that banks, individually or as part of a group, may transfer as 
cover pools in the context of covered bond transactions; 
• 
criteria to be adopted in the integration of the assets constituting the cover pools; 
• 
the identification of the cases in which the integration is permitted and its limits; and 
• 
monitoring and surveillance requirements applicable with respect to covered bond transactions and the provision 
of information relating to the transaction. 
Basic structure of a covered bond issue 
The structure provided under Article 7-bis with respect to the issue of covered bonds may be summarised as follows: 
• 
a bank transfers a pool of eligible assets (i.e. the cover pool) to an Article 7-bis special purpose vehicle (the 
"SPV");

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
• 
the bank grants the SPV a subordinated loan in order to fund the payment by the SPV of the purchase price due 
for the cover pool; 
• 
the bank issues the covered bonds which are supported by a first demand, unconditional and irrevocable 
guarantee issued by the SPV for the exclusive benefit of the holders of the covered bonds and the hedging 
counterparties involved in the transaction. The Covered Bond Guarantee is backed by the entire cover pool held 
by the SPV. 
Article 7-bis however also allows for structures which contemplate different entities acting respectively as cover pool 
provider, subordinated loan provider and covered bonds issuer. 
The SPV 
The Italian legislator chose to implement the new legislation on covered bonds by supplementing the Italian 
Securitisation Law, thus basing the new structure on a well established platform and applying to covered bonds many 
provisions with which the market is already familiar in relation to Italian securitisations. Accordingly, as is the case 
with the special purpose entities which act as issuers in Italian securitisation transactions, the SPV is required to be 
established with an exclusive corporate object that, in the case of covered bonds, must be the purchaser of assets eligible 
for cover pools and the person giving guarantees in the context of covered bond transactions. 
The guarantee 
The MEF Regulation provides that the guarantee issued by the SPV for the benefit of the bondholders must be 
irrevocable, first-demand, unconditional and independent from the obligations of the issuer of the covered bonds. 
Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a default by the issuer in respect of its payment obligations under the covered 
bonds, the SPV must provide for the payment of the amounts due under the covered bonds, in accordance with their 
original terms and with limited recourse to the amounts available to the SPV from the cover pool. The acceleration of 
the issuer's payment obligations under the covered bonds will not therefore result in a corresponding acceleration of the 
SPV's payment obligations under the guarantee (thereby preserving the maturity profile of the covered bonds). 
Upon an insolvency of the issuer, the SPV will be solely responsible for the payment obligations of the issuer owed to 
the covered bond holders, in accordance with their original terms and with limited recourse to the amounts available to 
the SPV from the cover pool. In addition, the SPV will be exclusively entitled to exercise the rights of the covered bond 
holders vis à vis the issuer's bankruptcy in accordance with the applicable bankruptcy law. Any amount recovered by 
the SPV from the bankruptcy of the issuer become part of the cover pool. 
Finally, if a moratorium is imposed on the issuer's payments, the SPV will fulfil the issuer's payment obligations, with 
respect to amounts which are due and payable and with limited recourse to the cover pool. The SPV will then have 
recourse against the issuer for any such payments. 
Segregation and subordination 
Article 7-bis provides that the assets comprised in the cover pool and the amounts paid by the debtors with respect to 
the receivables and/or debt securities included in the cover pool are exclusively designated and segregated by law for 
the benefit of the holders of the covered bonds and the hedging counterparties involved in the transaction. 
In addition, Article 7-bis expressly provides that the claim for reimbursement of the loan granted to the SPV to fund the 
purchase of assets in the cover pool is subordinated to the rights of the covered bond holders and of the hedging 
counterparties involved in the transaction. 
Exemption from claw-back 
Article 7-bis provides that the guarantee and the subordinated loan granted to fund the payment by the SPV of the 
purchase price due for the cover pool are exempt from the bankruptcy claw-back provisions set out in Article 67 of the 
Bankruptcy Law (Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March 1942). 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the SPV may not be subject to any claw-back 
action according to Article 65 of the Bankruptcy Law. 
The issuing bank 
The Bank of Italy Regulations provide that covered bonds may only be issued by banks which individually satisfy, or

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
which belong to banking groups which, on a consolidated basis: 
• 
have own funds of at least Euro 250,000,000; and 
• 
have a minimum total capital ratio of not less than 9 per cent. 
Banks not complying with the above mentioned requirements may set up covered bond programmes only prior notice to 
the Bank of Italy, which may start an administrative process to assess the compliance with the required requirements. 
The Bank of Italy Regulations specify that the requirements above also apply to the bank acting as cover pool provider 
(in the case of structures in which separate entities act respectively as issuing bank and as cover pool provider). 
The Bank of Italy Regulations furthermore provide that the total amount of eligible assets that a bank may transfer to 
cover pools in the context of covered bond transactions is subject to limitations linked to the tier 1 ratio and common 
equity tier 1 ratio of the individual bank (or of the relevant banking group, if applicable) as follows: 
Ratios 
Transfer Limitations 
"A" range 
– Tier 1 ratio≥ 9% 
No limitation 
 
– Common Equity Tier 1 ratio ≥ 8% 
 
"B" range 
– Tier 1 ratio ≥ 8%  
Up to 60% of eligible assets may be transferred 
 
– Common Equity Tier 1 ratio ≥ 7% 
 
"C" range 
– Tier 1 ratio ≥ 7%  
Up to 25% of eligible assets may be transferred 
 
– Common Equity Tier 1 ratio ≥ 6% 
 
 
The Bank of Italy Regulations clarify that the ratios provided with respect to each range above must be satisfied jointly: 
if a bank does not satisfy both ratios with respect to a specific range, the range applicable to it will be the following, 
more restrictive, range. Accordingly, if a bank (or the relevant banking group) satisfies the "b" range tier 1 ratio but falls 
within the "c" range with respect to its common equity tier 1 ratio, the relevant bank will be subject to the transfer 
limitations applicable to the "c" range. 
In addition to the above, certain further amendments have been introduced in respect of the monitoring activities to be 
performed by the asset monitor. 
The Cover Pool 
For a description of the assets which are considered eligible for inclusion in a cover pool under Article 7-bis, see 
"Description of the Cover Pool – Eligibility Criteria". 
Ratio between cover pool value and covered bond outstanding amount. 
The MEF Regulation provides that the cover pool provider and the issuer must continually ensure that, throughout the 
transaction: 
• 
the aggregate nominal value of the cover pool is at least equal to the nominal amount of the relevant 
outstanding covered bonds; 
• 
the net present value of the cover pool (net of all the transaction costs borne by the SPV, including in relation to 
hedging arrangements) is at least equal to the net present value of the relevant outstanding covered bonds; 
• 
the interest and other revenues deriving from the cover pool (net of all the transaction costs borne by the SPV) 
are sufficient to cover interest and costs due by the issuer with respect to the relevant outstanding covered 
bonds, taking into account any hedging agreements entered into in connection with the transaction. 
In respect of the above, under the Bank of Italy Regulations, strict monitoring procedures are imposed on banks for the 
monitoring of the transaction and of the adequacy of the guarantee on the cover pool. Such activities must be carried out 
both by the relevant bank and by an asset monitor, to be appointed by the bank, which is an independent accounting 
firm. The asset monitor must prepare and deliver to the issuing bank's s board of auditors, on an annual basis, a report

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
detailing its monitoring activity and the relevant findings. 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require banks to carry out the monitoring activities described above at least every 6 
months with respect to each covered bond transaction. Furthermore, the internal auditors of banks must 
comprehensively review every 12-months the monitoring activity carried out with respect to each covered bond 
transaction, basing such review, among other things, on the evaluations supplied by the asset monitor. 
In addition to the above, pursuant to the Bank of Italy Regulations provide that the management body of the issuing 
bank must ensure that the internal structures delegated to the risk management verify at least every six months and for 
each transaction completeness, accuracy and timeliness of information available to investors pursuant to art. 129, 
paragraph 7, of the CRR. 
In order to ensure that the monitoring activities above may be appropriately implemented, the Bank of Italy Regulations 
require that the entities participating in covered bond transactions be bound by appropriate contractual undertakings to 
communicate to the issuing bank, the cover pool provider and the entity acting as servicer in relation to the cover pool 
assets all the necessary information with respect to the cover pool assets and their performance. 
Substitution of assets 
The MEF Regulation and the Bank of Italy Regulations provide that, following the initial transfer to the cover pool, the 
eligible assets comprised in the cover pool may only be substituted or supplemented in order to ensure that the 
requirements described under "Ratio between cover pool value and covered bond outstanding amount", or the higher 
over-collateralisation provided for under the relevant covered bond transaction documents, are satisfied at all times 
during the transaction. 
The eligible assets comprised in the cover pool may only be substituted or supplemented by means of: 
• 
the transfer of further assets (eligible to be included in the cover pool in accordance with the criteria described 
above); 
• 
the establishment of deposits held with banks ("Qualified Banks") which have their registered office in a 
member state of the European Economic Area or in Switzerland or in a state for which a 0 per cent risk weight 
is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy Regulations’ standardised approach; and 
• 
the transfer of debt securities, having a residual life of less than one year, issued by the Qualified Banks. 
The MEF Regulation and the Bank of Italy Regulations, however, provide that the assets described in the last two 
paragraphs above, cannot exceed 15 per cent of the aggregate nominal value of the cover pool. This 15 per cent 
limitation must be satisfied throughout the transaction and, accordingly, the substitution of cover pool assets may also 
be carried out in order to ensure that the composition of the assets comprised in the cover pool continues to comply with 
the relevant threshold. 
The Bank of Italy Regulations clarify that the limitations to the overall amount of eligible assets that may be transferred 
to cover pools described under "The Issuing Bank" above do not apply to the subsequent transfer of supplemental assets 
for the purposes described under this paragraph. 
Taxation 
Article 7-bis, sub-paragraph 7, provides that any tax is due as if the granting of the subordinated loan and the transfer of 
the cover pool had not taken place and as if the assets constituting the cover pool were registered as on-balance sheet 
assets of the cover pool provider, provided that: 
• 
the purchase price paid for the transfer of the cover pool is equal to the most recent book value of the assets 
constituting the cover pool; and 
• 
the subordinated loan is granted by the same bank acting as cover pool provider. 
The provision described above would imply, as a main consequence, that banks issuing covered bonds will be entitled 
to include the receivables transferred to the cover pool as on-balance receivables for the purpose of tax deductions 
applicable to reserves for the depreciation on receivables in accordance with Article 106 of Presidential Decree No. 917 
of 22 December 1986.

--- Page 208 ---
208

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation summarise the main tax consequences of the purchase, the ownership, the 
redemption and the disposal of the Covered Bonds. They apply to a holder of Covered Bonds only if such holder 
purchases its Covered Bonds in this offering. It is a general overview that does not apply to certain categories of 
investors and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to 
a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Covered Bonds. It does not discuss every aspect of taxation that may be 
relevant to a holder of Covered Bonds if such holder is subject to special circumstances or if such holder is subject to 
special treatment under applicable law. 
Where in this overview English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning to be attributed 
to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Italian concepts under Italian tax 
law. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. 
The laws and their interpretation by the tax authorities may change and such changes may also have retroactive effect. 
Accordingly, investors should consider this aspect before investing. 
Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax purposes and of 
any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of the Covered Bonds and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Covered Bonds, including in particular the effect of any 
state, regional or local tax laws. 
Italian Taxation 
Tax treatment of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer 
Decree No. 239 sets out the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income from 
certain securities issued, inter alia, by Italian resident banks (including the difference between the redemption amount 
and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as Interest). The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to 
Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer which qualify as obbligazioni (bonds) or titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities 
similar to bonds) pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and 
supplemented (Decree No. 917). Pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917, for securities to qualify as titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds), they must (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay at maturity an 
amount not less than that therein indicated and (ii) attribute to the holders no direct or indirect right to control or 
participate in the management of the Issuer.  
Italian Resident Covered Bondholders 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is:  
a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected (unless he 
has opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime – see under “Capital gains tax” below); 
b) 
a non-commercial partnership; 
c) 
a non-commercial private or public institution other than companies, and trusts not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation,  
Interest relating to the Covered Bonds, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, 
referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that the Covered Bondholder described 
under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, the

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and the relevant Interest must be included in their relevant income tax 
return. As a consequence, the Interest will be subject to ordinary income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be 
recovered as a deduction from the taxation on income due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals not 
acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 
30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including 
the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to 
time applicable as set forth by Italian law. . 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a foreign company to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, and the Covered Bonds are 
deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. It 
must, however, be included in the relevant Covered Bondholder’s income tax return and is therefore subject to general 
Italian corporate taxation (IRES) (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Covered Bondholder, 
also to IRAP (the regional tax on productive activities (IRAP)).  
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with amendments 
by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 
2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, payments of Interest in respect of the Covered 
Bonds made to Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 
58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented, or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 
1994, and Italian real estate SICAFs (together, the Real Estate Funds) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to 
any other income tax in the hands of a Real Estate Fund. However, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in 
certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders/shareholders of the Real Estate Fund. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF or a SICAV ("Società 
di investimento a capitale variabile") established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF or the SICAV or (ii) their 
manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority (the Fund), and the relevant Covered Bonds are held by 
an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on the Covered Bonds will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to 
taxation on such results but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made 
in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the Collective Investment Fund Tax). 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 of the 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised 
intermediary, Interest relating to the Covered Bonds and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be 
subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) 
and limitations, Interest relating to the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. 
substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies, SGRs, stock brokers 
and other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (each an Intermediary). 
An Intermediary (a) must (i) be resident in Italy or (ii) be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident 
financial intermediary, or (iii) be an entity or company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised 
administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry of Finance 
having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 239; and (b) intervene, in any way, in the 
collection of Interest or in the transfer of the Covered Bonds. For the purpose of the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of Covered Bonds includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, 
which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds or in a change of the Intermediary with which 
the Covered Bonds are deposited.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by 
any Italian financial intermediary paying Interest to a Covered Bondholder or, absent that, by the Issuer. 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholder  
Where the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Covered Bonds are effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-
Italian resident beneficial owner is:  
(a) 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as 
listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 
2017 and possibly further amended by future decrees issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (as 
amended by Legislative Decree No.147 of 14 September 2015) (the White List); or  
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force 
in Italy; or 
(c) 
 a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or  
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a State included in the White 
List. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Covered Bondholder without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected must be the beneficial owners of the payments of 
Interest and must: 
(a) 
deposit, directly or indirectly, the Covered Bonds with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity or 
company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via computer, 
with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; and  
(b) 
file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Covered Bonds, a 
statement of the relevant Covered Bondholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which 
the Covered Bondholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva. This statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance 
with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in the case of foreign Central 
Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the 
requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. to Interest paid to Covered Bondholders who do not 
qualify for the exemption. 
Covered Bondholders who are subject to the substitute tax might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total or partial relief 
under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the relevant Covered 
Bondholder. 
Payments made by the Guarantor 
The Italian tax authorities have never expressed their view on the Italian tax regime applicable to payments on Covered 
Bonds made by an Italian resident guarantor in a ruling available to the public. Accordingly, there can be no assurance 
that the Italian tax authorities will not assert an alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that 
the Italian court would not support such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Covered Bondholders by an Italian 
resident guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any payment of liabilities equal to interest 
and other proceeds from the Covered Bonds may be subject to an advance withholding tax at a rate of 26 per cent 
pursuant to Presidential Decree of 1 April 1973, No. 600, as subsequently amended. Also in the case of payments to

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
non-Italian resident, a final withholding tax may be applied at 26 per cent. Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy 
may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax.  
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident guarantor will be treated as a 
payment by the Issuer and will thus be subject to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
Atypical Securities 
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that are not deemed to be bonds (obbligazioni), debentures similar to 
bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), shares or securities similar to shares pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential 
Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.. For this 
purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an 
amount not lower than their nominal value with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to 
directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities 
were issued, nor to control the same. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals not 
acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 
30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including 
the withholding tax, on Interest relating to the Covered Bonds qualifying as atypical securities if such Covered Bonds 
are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Where the Covered Bondholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered 
Bonds are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (c) a permanent establishment in 
Italy of a foreign entity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, (d) an Italian commercial partnership or (e) an 
Italian commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, 
including when the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. For 
non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, the withholding tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be treated as part of the taxable income 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Covered Bondholder, also as part of the net value of the 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company, a similar commercial entity (including the Italian 
permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Covered Bonds are connected) or Italian resident individuals 
engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected, any capital gain realised by such Covered Bondholder from the sale or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. The Covered Bondholders 
may set off any losses with their gains.  
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described below: 
a) 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, the imposta 
sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains (net of any incurred 
capital loss) realised by the Italian resident individual Covered Bondholder holding the Covered Bonds. In this 
instance, "capital gains" means any capital gain not connected with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all 
sales or redemptions of the Covered Bonds carried out during any given tax year. Italian resident individuals 
holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity must indicate the overall capital 
gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay the 
imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year.  
b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Covered Bondholder holding the

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, resident partnerships not carrying out 
commercial activities and Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial 
activities may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption 
of the Covered Bonds (the risparmio amministrato regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed 
subject to: 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries; and  
(ii) 
an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the 
relevant Covered Bondholder.  
The depository must account for the imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or 
redemption of the Covered Bonds (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its 
mandate), net of any incurred capital loss. The depository must also pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax 
authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the 
Covered Bondholder or using funds provided by the Covered Bondholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio 
amministrato regime, any possible capital loss resulting from a sale or redemption or certain other transfer of the 
Covered Bonds may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realized, within the same securities 
management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio 
amministrato regime, the Covered Bondholders are not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax 
return. 
c) 
In the "risparmio gestito" regime, any capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals holding the Covered 
Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, resident partnerships not carrying out commercial 
activities and Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities 
who have entrusted the management of their financial assets (including the Covered Bonds) to an authorised 
intermediary, will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, 
even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised 
intermediary. Any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at the year-end may be carried forward against 
increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. The Covered 
Bondholders are not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals not 
engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 
and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, including the 
imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is a Fund will neither be subject to imposta sostitutiva on 
capital gains, nor to any other income tax in the hands of the relevant Covered Bondholders; the Collective Investment 
Fund Tax will be levied on proceeds distributed by the Fund or received by certain categories of unitholders upon 
redemption or disposal of the units. 
Real Estate Funds are not subject to any substitute tax at the fund level nor to any other income tax in the hands of the 
Real Estate Fund. However, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made 
in favour of unitholders/shareholders of the Real Estate Fund. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for 
by article 17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions 
(including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Covered Bonds traded on regulated 
markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva. The exemption applies provided that the non-Italian resident Covered 
Bondholder file in due course with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate affidavit (autocertificazione) 
stating that the Covered Bondholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Covered Bonds not traded on 
regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary is:  
(a) 
resident in a State included in the White List; 
(b) 
an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into 
force in Italy; 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or  
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a State included in the White 
List. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, without a 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of 
Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident issuer and not traded on regulated markets are subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. However, Covered Bondholder may benefit from an applicable tax treaty 
with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds are to be taxed only in 
the resident tax country of the recipient. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Transfers of any valuable asset (including the Covered Bonds or other securities) as a result of death or donation are 
taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance and gift tax 
applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 
1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. Transfers in 
favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or 
gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 100,000; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on the 
entire value of the inheritance or gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned above in (a), 
(b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,500,000. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a Euro 200.00 registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds 
and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration only in “case of 
use” (caso d’uso), in case of “explicit reference” (enunciazione) or in case of voluntary registration (registrazione 
volontaria). 
Stamp Duty

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 (Decree No. 642), a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent by a 
financial intermediary to a Covered Bondholder in respect of any Covered Bonds which may be deposited with such 
financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20 per cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of 
the market value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the Covered 
Bonds held. The stamp duty cannot exceed Euro 14,000.00 if the Covered Bondholder is not an individual. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not mandatory nor the deposit 
nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods less than 12 months, the stamp duty is 
payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client - regardless of the fiscal residence of the 
investor - (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 9 February 2011, as subsequently amended, 
supplemented and restated) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the 
Italian territory.  
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
According to the provisions set forth by Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, as amended and supplemented, 
individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with 
Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes holding the Covered Bonds outside the Italian territory 
are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent. The wealth tax cannot exceed Euro 14,000.00 for 
taxpayers different from individuals. In this case the abovementioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff 
attached to Decree No. 642 does not apply. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Covered Bonds at the end of the relevant year or – if no market value is 
available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the Italian territory. 
Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the 
financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due).  
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by Italian financial 
intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the abovementioned stamp duty provided for by 
Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does apply. 
Tax Monitoring 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 227 of 4 August 
1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar 
partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes, under certain conditions, 
are required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly income tax the amount of investments (including the 
Covered Bonds) directly or indirectly held abroad. The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the 
direct holder of the financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Covered Bonds deposited 
for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into through the intervention of 
qualified Italian financial intermediaries, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Covered Bonds have 
been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed by deposits and/or 
bank accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed a Euro 15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a foreign 
financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign passthru 
payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The issuer is a foreign 
financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Republic of Italy) have entered into, or

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which 
modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an 
IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments 
such as Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Covered 
Bonds, such withholding tax would not apply prior the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Covered Bonds characterised as debt 
(or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued 
on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if additional Covered 
Bonds (as described under "Terms and Conditions—Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Covered Bonds. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, no person will be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for a Directive for a 
common FTT is Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the 
participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Covered Bonds 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Covered Bonds 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of 
the participating Member States.  
Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Covered Bonds where at least one party is a financial institution, and 
at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be 
"established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a 
person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings 
is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to 
participate. 
Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements under 
which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out 
in the Programme Agreement entered into, on 22 July 2014, between, inter alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Dealer(s). Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Dealer(s) have agreed that any Covered Bonds of any 
Series which may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer and any Dealer(s) to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed for by such Dealer(s) shall be issued and subscribed for on the basis of, and in reliance upon, the 
representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnities made or given or provided to be made or given pursuant to 
the terms of the Programme Agreement. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Covered Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds will be purchased by the Dealers and 
the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The 
Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for 
the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Selling restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID 
II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the IDD), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area , each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may,  
make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
provided that no such offer or distribution of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a Base 
Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to any 
Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Covered Bonds, (ii) the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended 
from time to time. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
If the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in 
the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression “an offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any 
Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered 
Bonds, (ii). the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. 
United States of America

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that, it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds, (a) as part of their distribution at any time or 
(b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer 
or, in case of an issue of the Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Covered Bonds of 
the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a part within the United States of America or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each Dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the 
United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds an offer or sale of such Covered 
Bonds within the United States of America by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise that in accordance with an 
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Covered 
Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 
1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act no. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-
offering or resale, directly or indirectly in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable 
laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The United Kingdom  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of 
the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be; and  
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it 
in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.  
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Covered Bonds to the 
public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to 
the public in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Covered Bonds and that such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in France only to qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, all as defined in, and in accordance with, articles L.411-1, 
L.411-2, D.411-1, L.533-16 and L.533-20 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
The Republic of Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that:

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds except in conformity with the provisions 
of the Prospectus Regulation and, where applicable, implementing measures in Ireland and the provisions of the 
Companies Acts 2014 of Ireland and every other enactment that is to be read together with any of those Acts; 
(b) 
in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Banca Popolare di Sondrio which are not listed on a stock exchange and 
which do not mature within two years its action in any jurisdiction will comply with the then applicable laws and 
regulations of that jurisdiction, it will not knowingly offer to sell such Covered Bonds to an Irish resident, or to 
persons whose usual place of abode is Ireland, and that it will not knowingly distribute or cause to be distributed 
in Ireland any offering material in connection with such Covered Bonds. In addition, such Covered Bonds must 
be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or Depository Trust Company (or any other clearing 
system recognised for this purpose by the Revenue Commissioners) and have a minimum denomination of 
£300,000 or its equivalent at the date of issuance; 
(c) 
in respect of Covered Bonds issued by Banca Popolare di Sondrio which are not listed on a stock exchange and 
which mature within two years, such Covered Bonds must have a minimum denomination of €500,000 or 
US$500,000 or, in the case of Covered Bond which are denominated in a currency other than euro or US dollars, 
the equivalent in that other currency of €500,000 (such amount to be determined by reference to the relevant rate 
of exchange at the date of first publication of this Programme). In addition, such Covered Bonds must be cleared 
through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Depository Trust Company (or any other clearing system 
recognised for this purpose by the Revenue Commissioners); 
(d) 
it has only issued or passed on, and will only issue or pass on, any document received by it in connection with 
the issue of Covered Bonds to persons who are persons to whom the document may otherwise lawfully be issued 
or passed on;  
(e) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of S.I. No. 60 of 2007, the European 
Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2007 and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998, with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Covered Bonds or operating in, or 
otherwise involving, Ireland is acting under and within the terms of an authorisation to do so for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 21 April 2004 
and it has complied with any applicable codes of conduct or practice made pursuant to implementing measures in 
respect of the foregoing Directive in any relevant jurisdiction;  
(f) 
it has not offered or sold or will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than in compliance with the provisions 
of the Central Bank Acts 1942-2013 (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made thereunder; and 
(g) 
it has not offered or sold or will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than in compliance with the provisions 
of the Market Abuse (Directive 2003/6/EC) Regulations 2005 (as amended) and any rules issued under the Irish 
Companies Act 2014 by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it shall only offer Covered Bonds in the Federal Republic of Germany in compliance with the 
provisions of the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and any other laws applicable in the 
Federal Republic of Germany. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of Covered Bonds has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to any Covered Bonds be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 1129 of 
14 June 2017 (the “PD Regulation”) and Article 35, para. 1, lett. d), of CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018, as recalled by Article 34-ter, para. 1, lett. b), of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 
1999; or

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the PD 
Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, 
provided that, in any case, the offer or sale of the notes in Italy shall be effected in accordance with all relevant Italian 
securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm (impresa di investimento), bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the “Financial Services Act”), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and the Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Banking Act”), as amended from time to time, and any other 
applicable law and regulation; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the implementing 
guidelines of Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, in relation to certain reporting obligations to the Bank 
of Italy on the issue or the offer of securities in Italy; and 
(c) 
in accordance with all applicable Italian laws and regulations, including all relevant Italian securities and tax 
laws and regulations and any limitations as may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or 
any other Italian authority. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Covered Bonds for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Covered Bonds may not be advertised 
to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, 
transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Covered Bonds, and that it has not 
distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar 
documents in relation to the Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own 
expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and 
the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they 
purchase, offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in 
official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without 
prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation by 
the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier ("CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority in the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made for Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange 
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will be unlisted or be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by such other competent authority, stock exchange or quotation system as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
The CSSF may, at the request of the Issuer, send to the competent authority of another Member State of the European 
Economic Area: (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus and (ii) a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus 
has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.  
Authorisations 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by the resolutions of the management board of the Issuer dated 
5 February 2021 and a resolution of the board of directors of the Guarantor dated 9 June 2021. The giving of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee has been duly authorised by the resolutions of the board of directors of the Guarantor dated 23 
May 2014 and 16 July 2014.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Except for the proceedings described under paragraph “Legal and arbitration proceedings” in page 160 of this Base 
Prospectus, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware), which may have, or have had during the 
12-months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer, its respective Subsidiaries or the Guarantor. 
Trend Information  
Since 31 December 2020, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of BPS and the BPS Group.  
Since 31 December 2020, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor. 
No Significant Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
and the Banca Popolare di Sondrio Group since 30 June 2021.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance and financial position of POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. 
since 31 December 2020. 
Minimum Denomination 
Where Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which 
require the publication of a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such Covered Bonds will not have a 
denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or, where the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than Euro, the 
equivalent amount in such other currency). 
Documents on Display 
So long as Covered Bonds are capable of being issued under the Programme, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available (in English translation, where necessary) free of charge during usual business hours on 
any weekday (except for Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays) for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding and admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the 
following documents may be inspected during normal business hours at the registered office of the Luxembourg Listing 
Agent, namely: 
(i) 
the Programme Documents; 
(ii) 
the Issuer’s memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof; 
(iii) 
the Guarantor’s memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof; 
(iv) 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated and separate (non-consolidated) financial statements and the relevant 
independent auditor’s reports as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2019;  
(v) 
the Issuer’s audited consolidated and separate (non-consolidated) financial statements of the Issuer at 31 
December 2020; 
(vi) 
the Issuer’s consolidated non-financial report at 31 December 2020; 
(vii) 
the Issuer’s unaudited condensed consolidated half-year financial report as at 30 June 2021 and the relevant 
independent auditor’s review report; 
(viii) 
the Guarantor’s Financial Statements and the relevant audit report as at and for the year ended on 31 December 
2019; 
(ix) 
the Guarantor’s Audit report in respect to Financial Statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 
31 December 2019; 
(x) 
the Guarantor’s Financial Statements as at and for the year ended on 2020;  
(xi) 
the Guarantor’s Audit report in respect to Financial Statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 
31 December 2020; 
(xii) 
Press release “Information on the evolution of the transformation process of Banca Popolare Sondrio into a 
joint-stock company based on Law 24th of March 2015, no. 33” published on 1 June 2021; 
(xiii) 
Press release “Banca Popolare di Sondrio: the results of the 2021 ECB/SSM stress test confirm the Group's 
capital strength both in the baseline and in the adverse scenario” published on 30 July 2021; 
(xiv) 
Press release “Forfeiture of a Board Member” published on 5 October 2021; 
(xv) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds together with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders under the Base Prospectus approved on 31 July 2020; 
(xvi) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further Base Prospectus; 
(xvii) 
any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds, which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system and any future offering circulars, prospectuses, and 
supplements to this Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. In the 
case of any Covered Bonds which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for 
inspection by the relevant Covered Bondholders. 
Copies of all such documents shall also be available to Covered Bondholders, at least for ten years, at the Specified 
Office 
of 
the 
Representative 
of 
the 
Covered 
Bondholders, 
and 
at 
the 
following 
website: 
https://istituzionale.popso.it/en/investor-relations/financial-operations and under the following area of the Issuer’s 
website: “Home > Investor relations » Financial operations » Covered Bonds”. 
Independent auditors

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
On 29 April 2017 EY S.p.A. were appointed auditors of the Issuer for the years ending December 31, 2017 through 
December 31, 2025. EY S.p.A. are regualated by MEF and registered in the register held by MEF at no. 70945. EY 
S.p.A. is also a member of Assirevi, the Italian association of auditing firms. The offices of EY S.p.A. are located at Via 
Lombardia, 31, 00187. 
EY S.p.A. audited and rendered an unqualified audit report on the consolidated and non-consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, corporate finance, 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such 
short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Dealers 
and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also 
the relevant parent companies of the Dealers. Banca Akros, as Dealer, is part of the Banco BPM group and therefore it 
is controlled by Banco BPM S.p.A. which has shares participations in certain companies involving also the Issuer. 
 
Material Contracts 
Save for the Programme Documents described under section “Overview of the Programme Document” of this Base 
Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any of their respective subsidiaries has entered into any contracts in 
the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may be reasonably expected to be material 
to their ability to meet their obligations to Covered Bondholders. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Monte Titoli, Euroclear and Clearstream. The appropriate 
common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Covered Bonds of each Series or 
Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system 
as shall have accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Websites 
Any websites included in the Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the Base 
Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. Other than the 
information incorporated by reference, the content of the these websites has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
competent authority.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
GLOSSARY  
"Acceptance" means the notice sent by the Guarantor to the Subordinated Lender, pursuant to clause 4.2 (Accettazione) 
of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, substantially in the form set out in schedule 2 (Accettazione) to the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
"Account Bank" means BNP Paribas Securities Services, Milan Branch, in its capacity as account bank, or any such 
other depositary institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
"Account Bank Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Account Bank to the Guarantor, the 
Seller, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer, the Issuer and the Guarantor Calculation Agent, in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Account Bank Report Date” means the date falling on 5th Business Day of each month.  
"Account Mandates" means the resolutions, instructions and signature authorities relating to each of the Accounts, 
given in accordance with clause 4 (Account Mandates) of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Accounts" means, collectively, the Guarantor Payments Account, the Collection Account, the Reserve Fund Account, 
the Collateral Cash Swap Account, the Collateral Securities Swap Account and any other account opened from time to 
time in connection with the Programme. 
"Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.3.1 (Nominal Value) of 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Affected Receivables" has the meaning ascribe to such term under clause 8.1 (Pagamento dell'Indennizzo) of the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
"Agents" means each of the Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent and the Corporate Servicer.  
"Amortisation Test" means the test which will be carried out pursuant clause 3 (Amortisation Test) of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement in order to ensure, inter alia, that, on each Test Calculation Date following the delivery of an 
Issuer Default Notice (but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice), the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan 
Amount will be in an amount at least equal to the principal amount of the issued Covered Bonds as calculated on the 
relevant Test Calculation Date. 
"Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 3.2 (Amortisation Test 
Aggregate Loan Amount) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Arrangers" means BNP Paribas and Banca Finint. 
"Article 74 Event" means, in respect of the Issuer, the issue of a resolutions pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act. 
"Article 74 Event Cure Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to the 
Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor informing that an Article 74 Event has been revoked. 
"Asset Coverage Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.4 (Asset Coverage Test) of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
"Asset Coverage Test Verification" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
"Asset Monitor Agreement" means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the date hereof between, inter 
alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer. 
"Asset Monitor" means BDO Italia S.p.A., acting in its capacity as asset monitor pursuant to the engagement letter 
entered into with the Issuer on or about the date hereof and the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
"Asset Monitor Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Asset Monitor to the Guarantor, the Test 
Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer in 
accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
"Asset Monitor Report Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other Definitions) of the Asset 
Monitor Agreement. 
“Asset Percentage” means, on any Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test Calculation Date and/or on any other 
date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the Cover Pool Management Agreement or under other 
Programme Documents, as the case may be, the lower of (a) 88 per cent and (b) such lower percentage figure 
determined by the Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor in accordance with the Rating Agency’s methodologies (after 
procuring the level of overcollateralization in order to comply with the Asset Coverage Test following such change), 
notified using the pro-forma notice attached under Schedule 1 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement to the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Servicer, the Rating Agency, the Asset Monitor and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders and published in the relevant Investor Report as the new Asset Percentage.  
"Asset Swap Agreements" means any asset swap agreement that may be entered into between the Guarantor and a 
counterparty under the Asset Swap Agreement. 
"Asset Swap Provider" means the counterparty under the Asset Swap Agreement that may be entered into.  
“Attività Finanziarie Deteriorate” means any Receivable which has been classified as "attività finanziarie deteriorate" 
pursuant to the Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 272 of 30 July 2008 containing the "Matrice dei Conti", as 
subsequently amended and supplemented. 
"Authorised Signatory" means, in relation to the Seller or any other person, any person who is duly authorised and in 
respect of whom the Guarantor has received a certificate signed by a director or another Authorised Signatory of the 
Seller or such other person setting out the name and signature of such person and confirming such person's authority to 
act.  
"Availability Period" means the period starting on date of the signing of the Subordinated Loan Agreement and ending 
on the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with the respective Final Terms. 
"Back-Up Servicer" means Securitsation Services S.p.A. or any other entity which may be appointed by the Guarantor, 
with the approval by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, pursuant to Clause 7 (Back-Up Servicer) of the 
Servicing Agreement. 
“Back-up Servicing Agreement” means the back-up servicing agreement entered into, inter alios, by the Guarantor 
and the Back-up Servicer on 5 August 2019 and any other back-up servicing agreement which may be entered into by 
the Guarantor in the context of the Programme. 
"Bank of Italy Regulations" (Regolamento della Banca d’Italia) means the regulations relating to covered bonds 
contained in Part III, Chapter 3 of “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), 
as amended and supplemented from time to time.  
"Bankruptcy Law" means Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March 1942 as amended from time to time. 
“Base Interest” means the interest payable by the Guarantor to the Subordinated Lender in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Beneficiaries” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Covered Bond Guarantee 
“BNP Paribas” means BNP Paribas. 
"BPS" means Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. 
"Business Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real Time Gross Transfer System (TARGET 
2) (or any successor thereto) is open. 
"Calculation Date" means both prior to and after the delivery of a Guarantor Event of Default Notice, the date falling 
on the second Business Day immediately preceding each Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Calculation Period" means each Collection Period and, after the delivery of a Test Performance Report assessing that 
a breach of Test has occurred, each period beginning on (and including) the first day of the month and ending on (and 
including) the last day of the same calendar month until such time the relevant breach of Test has been cured or

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
otherwise remedied in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement). 
"Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement" means the cash allocation, management and payments 
agreement, entered into on or about the date hereof between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Issuer Paying Agent, the Cash Manager, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent and the Account Bank. 
"Cash Manager" means Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A., acting as cash manager pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Cash Manager Report" means the cash manager report provided by the Cash Manager in accordance with the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Civil Code" means the Italian civil code, enacted by Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 March 1942. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg. 
"Code of Civil Procedure" means the Italian code of civil procedure, enacted by Royal Decree No. 1443 of 28 October 
1940. 
"Collateral Security" means any security (including any loan mortgage insurance and excluding Mortgages) granted to 
the Seller by any Debtor in order to guarantee or secure the payment and/or repayment of any amounts due under the 
relevant Mortgages Loan Agreement. 
“Collection Account” means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with the Account 
Bank, IBAN IT 54 L 03479 01600 000800951300, or such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance 
with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Collection Date" means the last calendar day of March, June, September and December of each year.  
"Collection Period" means each quarterly period commencing on (and including) the first calendar day of January, 
April, July and October of each year and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of March, June, September and 
December and, in the case of the first Collection Period, commencing on (and including) the Initial Valuation Date and 
ending on (and including) the last day of September 2014 (included). 
"Collections" means all amounts received or recovered by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables comprised in the 
Cover Pool. 
"Commercial Assets" means the Real Estate Assets with respect to Commercial Mortgage Loans. 
"Commercial Mortgage Loan" means “crediti ipotecari commerciali” – as defined under article 1, sub-paragraph 1, 
letter (c) of Decree No. 310 – having the features set forth under article 2, sub-paragraph 1, letter (b) of Decree No. 310. 
"Commercial Mortgage Loan Agreement" means any mortgage loan agreement out of which Receivables arise and 
secured by mortgage over Commercial Assets. 
"Commingling Amount" " means (a) if no Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred or is outstanding an amount equal 
to 0 (zero) or (b) if an Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred and is outstanding, an amount calculated by the Issuer on 
a monthly basis equal to the maximum of the total amount of Collections and Recoveries expected to be credited to the 
Collection Account on the following 6 (six) calendar months and considering a 10 per cent cumulative prepayment 
ratio. 
"Common Criteria" means the criteria listed in schedule 2 (Criteri Comuni per la selezione ed identificazione dei 
Crediti) to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds and "Condition" means a clause of them. 
"CONSOB" means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
"Consolidated Banking Act" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended and supplemented 
from time to time. 
"Corporate Servicer" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting in its capacity as corporate servicer of the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
 
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the corporate services agreement entered into on or about 30 May 2014, 
between the Guarantor and the Corporate Servicer, pursuant to which the Corporate Servicer will provide certain 
administration services to the Guarantor. 
"Covered Bonds" means any and all the covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) issued or to be issued by the 
Issuer pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Programme Agreement. 
"Covered Bond Guarantee" means the guarantee issued by the Guarantor for the purpose of guaranteeing the 
payments due by the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer's Creditors, in accordance with the 
provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, Decree No. 310 and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
"Covered Bond Instalment Amount" means the principal amount of a Series of Covered Bonds to be redeemed on a 
Covered Bond Instalment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Covered Bond Instalment Date" means a date on which a principal instalment is due on a Series of Covered Bonds 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Covered Bond Instalment 
Date, the date falling seven Business Days after such Covered Bond Instalment Date. 
"Covered Bondholders" means the holders of each Series of Covered Bonds.  
"Cover Pool" means the cover pool constituted by, collectively, any Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets held by the 
Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law, the Decree No. 310 and the 
Bank of Italy Regulations. 
"Cover Pool Management Agreement" means the cover pool management agreement entered into on or about the date 
hereof between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Test Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and supplemented from time to time.  
"Credit and Collection Policy" means the procedures for the management, collection and recovery of the Receivables 
attached as schedule 1 (Procedure di Riscossione) to the Servicing Agreement. 
"Criteria" means, collectively, the Common Criteria, the Specific Criteria and any Further Criteria. 
"Dealer(s)" means BNP Paribas, Banca Akros S.p.A., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., Natixis, Société Générale, UniCredit 
Bank AG, Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A., UBS Europe SE, Erste Group Bank AG, Raiffeisen Bank International 
AG, KBC Bank NV and any other entity which may be nominated as such by the Issuer upon execution of a letter in the 
terms or substantially in the terms set out in schedule 6 (Form of Dealer Accession Letter) to the Programme 
Agreement. 
"Debtor" means any borrower and any other person, other than a Mortgagor, who entered into a Mortgage Loan 
Agreement as principal debtor or guarantor or who is liable for the payment or repayment of amounts due in respect of a 
Mortgage Loan, as a consequence, inter alia, of having granted any Collateral Security or having assumed the 
borrower's obligation pursuant to a Mortgage Loan Agreement under an accollo, or otherwise. 
"Decree 239" means Legislative Decree number 239 of 1 April 1996. 
"Decree No. 310" means the ministerial decree No. 310 of 14 December 2006 issued by the Ministry of the Economy 
and Finance. 
"Decree 461" means the Legislative Decree number 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended from time to time. 
"Deed of Charge" means the English law deed of charge entered into between the Guarantor and the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors) in order to charge the 
rights arising under the Swap Agreements. 
"Deed of Pledge" means the Italian law deed of pledge entered into, on or about the date hereof, between, inter alios, 
the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and of 
the Other Creditors).

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
 
"Defaulted Receivable" means any Receivables which has been for at least 180 consecutive days In Arrears, or which 
has been classified as a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
"Defaulting Party" has the meaning ascribed to that term in the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Delinquent Loan" means any Mortgage Loan in relation to which there are 1 (one) or more Delinquent Receivables. 
"Delinquent Receivable means any Receivable in respect of which there are 1 (one) or more Instalments due and not 
paid by the relevant Debtor for more than 30 days and which has not been classified as Defaulted Receivable. 
"Determination Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Documentation" means any documentation relating to the Receivables comprised in the Cover Pool. 
"Drawdown Date" means the date on which a Term Loan is advanced under the Subordinated Loan Agreement during 
the Availability Period. 
"Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds" means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has or have the earliest 
Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an Extended Maturity Date) or Extended 
Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an Extended Maturity Date) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Early Termination Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Terms and Conditions. 
"Eligible Assets" means the following assets contemplated under article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of Decree No. 310: 
(i) 
the Residential Mortgage Loans; 
(ii) 
the Commercial Mortgage Loans; 
(iii) 
the Public Entity Receivables; and 
(iv) 
the Public Entity Securities.  
“Eligible Cover Pool” means the aggregate amount of Eligible Assets and Top-up Assets (including any sum standing 
to the credit of the Accounts) included in the Cover Pool provided that (i) any Defaulted Receivable and those Eligible 
Assets and Top-up Assets for which a breach of the representations and warranties granted under each Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement has occurred and has not been remedied will not be considered for the purpose of the calculation 
and (ii) any Mortgage Loan in respect of which the LTV on the basis of the Latest Valuation exceed the percentage 
limit set forth under Article 2, para. 1, of the Decree No. 310, will be calculated up to an amount of principal which - 
taking into account the market value of the relevant Real Estate Asset - allows the compliance with such percentage 
limit. 
"Eligible Institution" means any bank organised under the laws of any country which is a member of the European 
Union or of the United States (to the extent that United States are a country for which a 0% risk weight is applicable in 
accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – standardised approach), (i) whose short-term 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least "F1" by Fitch and (ii) whose long-term 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least “A" by Fitch or any other lower rating 
that do not affect the current rating of the outstanding Covered Bonds, provided however that any such bank qualifies 
for the “credit quality step 1” pursuant to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR unless (a) it is an entity in the european union 
and (b) the exposure vis-à-vis such bank have a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-hundred) days, in which case it may 
qualify for the “credit quality step 2” pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) of the CRR. 
"Eligible Investment" means any senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt instruments (including without 
limitation, commercial paper, certificate of deposits and bonds) which: 
a) 
are denominated in Euro; 
b) 
have a maturity not exceeding the next following Eligible Investment Maturity Date or which are repayable on 
demand at par together with accrued and unpaid interest, without penalty; 
c) 
(except in case of deposits) are in the form of bonds, notes, commercial papers or other financial instruments (i) 
rated at least A and/or F1 by Fitch, if the relevant maturity is up to the earlier of the next Eligible Investment

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
Maturity Date and 30 calendar days, or (ii) rated AA- and/or F1+ by Fitch, if the relevant maturity is up to 
mature the earlier of the next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 365 calendar days; or 
d) 
in the case of a deposits, to the extent that such deposit are held by (i) an Eligible Institution at its branch located 
in the Republic of Italy or in the United Kingdom if the relevant maturity is up to the earlier of the next Eligible 
Investment Maturity Date and 30 calendar days or (ii) any depository institution located in the Republic of Italy 
or in the United Kingdom rated AA- and/or F1+ by Fitch, if the relevant maturity is up to mature the earlier of 
the next Eligible Investment Maturity Date and 365 calendar days, 
provided that (i) such Eligible Investment shall not prejudice the rating assigned to each Series of Covered Bond and 
shall provide a fixed principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than the initially invested amount), (ii) 
in any event such debt securities or other debt instruments do not consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially of 
credit-linked notes or similar claims nor may any amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme 
otherwise be invested in asset-backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, status, or ranking at any time, and 
(iii) the relevant exposure qualifies for the “credit quality step 1” pursuant to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR or, in case 
of exposure vis-à-vis an entity in the european union which has a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-hundred) days, it 
may qualify for “credit quality step 2” pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) of the CRR. 
"Eligible Investment Maturity Date" means the third Business Days before each Guarantor Payment Date. 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro-Zone Inter-Bank offered rate for Euro deposits, as determined from time to time pursuant 
to the Programme Documents. 
"Euro", "€" and "EUR" refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which adopt the single 
currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.. 
“Euro Equivalent” means has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 1.2 (Other Definitions) of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
"European Economic Area" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union which adopt the 
Euro in accordance with the Treaty. 
"Excess Receivables" means, in relation to the Cover Pool and on each Test Calculation Date, those Receivables the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal of which is equal to: (i) any amount by reason of which the Portfolios comprised in the 
Cover Pool are in excess (as nominal value, interest coverage and net present value) of any Eligible Assets necessary to 
satisfy all Tests on the relevant Test Calculation Date; minus (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Principal of those 
Receivables indicated by the Servicer as Affected Receivables pursuant to the provisions of clause 8.1 (Payment of 
Indemnity) of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
"Expenses" means any documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid to any third party creditors (other 
than the Covered Bondholders, the Other Issuer's Creditors and the Other Creditors) arising in connection with the 
Programme, and required to be paid (as determined in accordance with the Corporate Services Agreement) in order to 
preserve the existence of the Guarantor or to comply with applicable laws and legislation. 
"Expenses Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with the Expenses 
Account Bank, IBAN IT 12 V 01030 61621 000001331796, or such other substitute account as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Expenses Account Bank" means Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. in its capacity of account bank for the 
Expenses Account and the Quota Capital Account or any such other depositary institution as may be appointed pursuant 
to the Programme Documents. 
"Expiry Date" means the date falling one year and one day after the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued 
in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their terms and conditions. 
"Extended Instalment Date" means the date on which a principal instalment in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds 
becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Date as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
"Extended Maturity Date" means the date on which final redemption payments in relation to a specific Series of 
Covered Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant Maturity Date in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date falling seven Business 
Days after (and including) the Maturity Date of such Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Rules of Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders.  
"Final Terms" means, in relation to any issue of any Series of Covered Bonds, the relevant terms contained in the 
applicable Programme Documents and, in case of any Series of Covered Bonds to be admitted to listing, the final terms 
submitted to the appropriate listing authority on or before the Issue Date of the applicable Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Final Maturity Date" means the date on which all the Series of Covered Bond are redeemed in full or cancelled. 
"Financial Consolidated Act" means Legislative Decree number 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended from time to 
time. 
“First Guarantor Payment Date” means 22 October 2014. 
"First Interest Period" means, in relation to any Term Loan, the period starting on the relevant Drawdown Date and 
ending on the First Guarantor Payment Date. 
"First Issue Date" means the date of issuance of the first Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. 
"FSMA" means the Financial Service and Markets Act 2000.  
"Further Criteria" means the criteria identified in accordance with clause 2.4.3 (Criteri Ulteriori) of the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement. 
"Guaranteed Amounts" means the amounts due from time to time from the Issuer to (i) the Covered Bondholders with 
respect to each Series of Covered Bonds (excluding any additional amounts payable to the Covered Bondholders under 
Condition 9(a) (Gross-up by the Issuer) and (ii) the Other Issuer Creditors pursuant to the relevant Programme 
Documents.  
"Guaranteed Obligations" means the Issuer's payments obligations with respect to the Guaranteed Amounts. 
"Guarantee Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor Available Funds shall 
be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, but prior to the delivery 
of a Guarantor Default Notice, in accordance with the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Guarantor" means POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l., acting in its capacity as guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
"Guarantor Available Funds" means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the Principal Available Funds. 
"Guarantor Calculation Agent" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. acting as guarantor calculation agent, 
or any such other institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement.  
"Guarantor Default Notice" means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to the 
Guarantor upon the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default. 
"Guarantor Event of Default" means any of the following events or circumstances:  
(i) 
Non-payment: following delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor fails to pay any interest and/or 
principal due and payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee and such breach is not remedied within the next 
following 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of interests, or 20 Business Days, in case of amounts of 
principal or redemptiont, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Guarantor; or

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
 
(iii) 
Breach of other obligation: a breach of any obligation under the Programme Documents by the Guarantor occurs 
(other than payment obligations referred to in letter (i) above) which is not remedied within 30 days after the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Guarantor; or 
(iv) 
Breach of Amortisation Test: following the service of an Issuer Default Notice (provided that, in case the Issuer 
Event of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has not 
delivered an Article 74 event Cure Notice), the Amortisation Test is breached and is not remedied within the 
Test Grace Period; or 
(v) 
Invalidity of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the Covered Bond Guarantee is not in full force and effect or it is 
claimed by the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect. 
"Guarantor Paying Agent" means BNP Paribas Securities Services, Milan Branch, acting in its capacity as guarantor 
paying agent, or any such other institution as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement. 
"Guarantor Payments Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor and 
held with the Account Bank, IBAN IT 08 N 03479 01600 000800951302 or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Guarantor Payment Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling on the 22nd 
day of January, April, July and October of each year or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following 
Business Day and the First Guarantor Payment Date will be 22 October 2014; and (b) following the delivery of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, any day on which any payment is required to be made by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, the relevant Final Terms and the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Guarantor Payment Period" means any period commencing on (and including) a Guarantor Payment Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Guarantor's Rights" means the Guarantor's rights under the Programme Documents. 
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting and Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting 
Standard Board (IASB). 
“In Arrears” means, in respect of any Mortgage Loans, any amount which has become due and payable by the relevant 
obligor or guarantor but has remained unpaid for more than five consecutive Business Days. 
"Individual Purchase Price" means, with respect to each Receivable transferred pursuant to the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreements: (i) the Ultimo Valore di Iscrizione in Bilancio (as defined under the Master Definition 
Agreement) of the relevant Receivable minus all principal and interest collections (with respect only to the amounts of 
interest which constitute the Ultimo Valore di Iscrizione in Bilancio ) received by the Seller with respect to the relevant 
Receivables from the date of the most recent financial statements of the Seller up to the relevant Transfer Date 
(included) and increased of the amount of interest accrued and not yet collected on such Receivables during the same 
period; or, at the option of the Seller (ii) such other value, as indicated by the Seller in the Transfer Notice, as will allow 
the Seller to consider each duty or tax due as if the relevant Receivables had not been transferred for the purpose of 
article 7-bis, sub-paragraph 7, of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law.  
"Initial Portfolio" means the initial portfolio of Receivables, comprising Eligible Assets, purchased by the Guarantor 
from the Seller pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Initial Valuation Date” means 31 May 2014, at 24.00 a.m. 
"Insolvency Event" means in respect of any company, entity, or corporation that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, 
administration, insolvency, composition with creditors or insolvent reorganisation (including, without limitation, 
"fallimento", "liquidazione coatta amministrativa", "concordato preventivo", “accordi di ristrutturazione” and 
(other than in respect of the Issuer) "amministrazione straordinaria", each such expression bearing the meaning 
ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic of Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, winding-up, insolvent 
reorganisation, dissolution, administration) or similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
 
undertaking or assets of such company, entity or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any procedure 
having a similar effect (other than in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by the 
Guarantor for the purposes of further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser 
selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) above is made in respect of or by such 
company or corporation or such proceedings are otherwise initiated against such company, entity or corporation 
and, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice 
of a legal adviser selected by it), the commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith 
with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or 
makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors (other than, 
in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Programme Documents) or is granted by a competent court a 
moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for 
suspension of payments (other than, in respect of the Issuer, the issuance of a resolution pursuant to article 74 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act); or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution in any form of 
such company, entity or corporation or any of the events under article 2484 of the Italian Civil Code occurs with 
respect to such company, entity or corporation (except in any such case a winding-up or other proceeding for the 
purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation, merger, corporate reorganization or reconstruction, the terms 
of which have been previously approved in writing by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or analogous to those above 
under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or corporation is deemed to carry on business.  
"Insolvency Official" means the official receiver appointed in the context of any insolvency procedure which may be 
opened following the occurrence of an Insolvency Event. 
"Instalment" means with respect to each Mortgage Loan Agreement, each instalment due from the relevant Debtor 
thereunder and which consists of an Interest Instalment and a Principal Instalment or consists of an Interest Instalment 
only. 
"Insurance Companies" means the companies with whom the Insurance Policies are held. 
“Insurance Mediation Directive” means Directive 2016/97/EC, as amended. 
"Insurance Policies" means the insurance policies taken out with the Insurance Companies in relation to each Real 
Estate Asset and each Mortgage Loan. 
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the date hereof between the 
Guarantor and the Other Creditors. 
"Interest Available Funds" means in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of:  
(a) 
interest collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into the Collection Account during 
the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(b) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and fees received by the Servicer and credited to the Collection Account 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(c) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the Accounts (excluding 
the Swap Collateral Cash Account and the Swap Collateral Securities Account) during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Calculation Date;  
(d) 
all interest deriving from the Eligible Investments made with reference to the immediately preceding Collection 
Period; 
(e) 
any payment received on or immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment Date from any Swap Provider other 
than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts and any principal payments under the Swap Agreements;

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
 
(f) 
all interest amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement; 
(g) 
the Reserve Fund Amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Fund Account; and 
(h) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Guarantor Available Funds and 
other than any principal amounts) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Programme Documents; and 
(i) 
interest amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
"Interest Coverage Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.3 (Interest Coverage Test) of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement. 
"Interest Instalment" means the interest component of each Instalment. 
"Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions 
of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention and 
an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date 
(in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case).  
"Investors Report Date" means 2 Business Day after each Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Investors Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent on or prior to the 
Investors Report Date, to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Rating Agency, the Servicer, the Guarantor Paying Agent and the Issuer Paying Agent, setting out certain information 
with respect to the Covered Bond and the Cover Pool. 
"Issue Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term, with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds, in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Issuer" means Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A., acting in its capacity as issuer pursuant to the Programme 
Agreement. 
"Issuer Default Notice" means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
"Issuer Downgrading Event" means (i) with reference to the Potential Set-Off Amount, the Issuer being downgraded 
below “BBB-” or “F3” by the Rating Agency and (ii) with reference to the Commingling Amount, the Issuer being 
downgraded below “BB+” (long term) or “B” (short term) by the Rating Agency. 
"Issuer Event of Default" means any of the following events and circumstances: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest and/or principal due and payable on any Series of 
Covered Bonds at their relevant Interest Payment Date and such breach is not remedied within the next 15 
Business Days, in case of amounts of interest, or 20 Business Days, in case of amounts of principal or 
redemption, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligation: a material breach by the Issuer of any obligation under or in respect of the Covered 
Bond (of any Series or Tranche outstanding) or any of the Programme Documents to which it is a party occurs 
which is not remedied within 30 days after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written 
notice thereof to the Issuer; or 
(iii) 
Cross-default: any of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (ii) above occurs in respect of any other Series of 
Covered Bonds; or 
(iv) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Issuer; or

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
 
(v) 
Article 74 resolution: a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act is issued in respect of 
the Issuer; or 
(vi) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its primary business; or 
(vii) 
Breach of Tests: any of the Tests are breached and are not remedied within the Test Grace Period. 
“Issuer’s Investor Report” means the investor report provided by the Test Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Issuer’s Investor Report Date” means the date which falls three Business Days prior to the Guarantor Payment Date 
falling in January and July of each year, it being understood that the first Issuer’s Investor Report Date will be on 19th 
January 2015. 
"Issuer Paying Agent" means BPS, acting in its capacity as issuer paying agent, or any such other institution as may be 
appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Latest Valuation" means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset the most recent valuation of the relevant 
property performed in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s “Regulations for supervision of banks” (Circular No. 285 of 
17 December 2013, as from time to time amended). 
"Liabilities" means in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, claims, demands, expenses, 
judgments, actions, proceedings or other liabilities whatsoever including legal fees and any taxes and penalties incurred 
by that person, together with any VAT or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect of any sum referred in this 
definition. 
"Liability Swap Agreements" means the swap agreements entered into on or about each Issue Date between the 
Guarantor and a Liability Swap Provider. 
"Liability Swap Provider" means any entity acting as a liability swap provider to the Guarantor pursuant to a Liability 
Swap Agreement. 
"Loan Event of Default" means any of the events specified as such in clause 8 (Eventi Rilevanti - Decadenza dal 
Beneficio del Termine) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Luxembourg Listing Agent” means BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch.  
"LTV" means, with respect to a Mortgage Loan, the Loan-to-Value ratio, determined as the ratio between the value of 
the relevant Mortgage Loan and the value of a Real Estate Asset as calculated in accordance with the applicable 
Prudential Regulations. 
"Mandate Agreement" means the mandate agreement entered into on or about the date hereof between the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Guarantor. 
"Margin" has the meaning ascribed to such term under the Final Terms. 
"Master Definitions Agreement" means means the master definitions agreement entered into on or about the date 
hereof between, inter alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the other parties to the Programme. 
"Master Loans Purchase Agreement" means the master loans purchase agreement entered into on 30 May 2014 
between the Guarantor and the Seller. 
"Maturity Date" means each date on which final redemption payments for a Series of Covered Bonds become due in 
accordance with the Final Terms but subject to it being extended to the Extended Maturity Date. 
"Maximum Guaranteed Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
"Member State" means a member State of the European Union. 
"Monte Titoli" means Monte Titoli S.p.A., a società per azioni having its registered office at Piazza degli Affari, 6, 
20123 Milan, Italy. 
"Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on 
behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) in accordance with Article 83-quater of the

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
 
Financial Law Consolidated Act. 
"Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the First Issue Date between the 
Issuer and Monte Titoli. 
"Monthly Collection Period" means each monthly period beginning on the first day of each month (included) and 
ending on the last day of each month (included), except that the first Monthly Collection Period shall commence on the 
Valuation Date (included) and end to 31st July 2014 (included). 
"Monthly Servicer's Report" means the monthly report prepared by the Servicer on each Monthly Servicer’s Report 
Date and containing details on the Collections of the Receivables during the relevant Collection Period, prepared in 
accordance with the Servicing Agreement and delivered by the Servicer, inter alios, to the Guarantor and the Asset 
Monitor. 
"Monthly Servicer's Report Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling on 
the tenth calendar day of each month of each year, or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following 
Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, such date as may be indicated by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders.  
“Monthly Test Calculation Date” means, following the delivery of a Test Performance Report assessing that a breach 
of Test has occurred, the 19th day of the month immediately following the date of such Test Performance Report and, 
thereafter, the 19th day of each month until the end of the relevant Test Grace Period in accordance with the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement, or, if any such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day.  
"Mortgage Loan Agreement" means any Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement or Commercial Mortgage Loan 
Agreement, as the case may be, out of which the Receivables arise. 
"Mortgage Loan" means a Residential Mortgage Loan or a Commercial Mortgage Loan, as the case may be.  
"Mortgages" means the mortgage security interests (ipoteche) created on the Real Estate Assets or the Commercial 
Assets, as the case may be, pursuant to Italian law in order to secure claims in respect of the Receivables. 
"Mortgagor" means any person, either a borrower or a third party, who has granted a Mortgage in favour of the Seller 
to secure the payment or repayment of any amounts payable in respect of a Mortgage Loan, and/or his/her successor in 
interest. 
"Negative Carry Factor" means “0.5%” or such higher percentage procured by the Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor 
and notified to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and to the Test Calculation Agent.  
"Net Present Value Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.2 (Net Present Value) of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
"Net Present Value" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.4 (Net Present Value Test) of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
"New Portfolio" means any portfolio (other than the Initial Portfolio), comprising Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets, 
which may be purchased by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Nominal Value" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.3.1 (Nominal Value) of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
"Nominal Value Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2.1 (Nominal Value Test) of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement.  
"Obligations" means all the obligations of the Guarantor created by or arising under the Programme Documents. 
"Offer Date" means, with respect to each New Portfolio, the date falling 5 (five) Business Days prior to each Transfer 
Date, pursuant to clause 3.1 (Offerta) of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy" or "Official Gazette" means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica 
Italiana.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
 
“Optional Redemption Date” shall have the meaning ascribed to it under the Conditions. 
"Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" means the association of the Covered Bondholders, organised pursuant 
to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
"Other Creditors" means the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated Lender, the Servicer, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Issuer 
Paying Agent, the Guarantor Paying Agent, the Account Bank, the Asset Monitor, the Asset Swap Providers, the 
Liability Swap Provider, the Portfolio Manager (if any), the Back-up Servicer, the Cash Manager and any other 
creditors which may, from time to time, be identified as such in the context of the Programme.  
"Other Issuer Creditors" means any entity - other than the Issuer - acting as Issuer Paying Agent, any Liability Swap 
Provider, the Asset Monitor and any other Issuer's creditor which may from time to time be identified as such in the 
context of the Programme. 
"Outstanding Principal" means, on any given date and in relation to any Receivable, the sum of all (i) Principal 
Instalments due but unpaid at such date; and (ii) the Principal Instalments not yet due at such date. 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, on any date in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds or, where applicable, 
in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
the principal amount of such Series or, where applicable, all such Series upon issue; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of all principal which has been repaid prior to such date in respect of such Series or, where 
applicable, all such Series and, solely for the purposes of Title II (Meetings of the Covered Bondholders) of the 
Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders, the principal amount of any Covered Bonds in such Series of 
(where applicable) all such Series held by, or by any Person for the benefit of, the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means on any date, (i) in relation to a loan, a bond or any other asset included in the 
Cover Pool, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such loan, bond or asset at such date, and (ii) in 
relation to the Covered Bonds, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding of such Covered Bonds at such date 
as the case may be. 
“Parent Company” means Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. as parent company of the Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
Group. 
 
"Paying Agents" means the Issuer Paying Agent and the Guarantor Paying Agent. 
"Payment Holiday" means in respect of a Mortgage Loan, the period of deferral of the payment of its interest and/or 
principal instalments in accordance with (i) the application of moratoria provisions from time to time granted to Debtors 
by any laws, agreements between Italian banking associations and national consumer associations, the Bank of Italy or 
other regulatory bodies regulations, or (ii) the agreement reached by the Servicer and the Debtors.  
"Payments Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement on each Calculation Date. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, organisation, state 
or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
"Portfolio" means, in respect of each Seller, collectively, the Initial Portfolio and any New Portfolios which has been 
purchased and will be purchased by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Portfolio Manager" means the entity appointed as such in accordance with clause 5.6 (Portfolio Manager) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor Available 
Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, in 
accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Post Default Notice Report" means the report setting out all the payments to be made on the following Guarantor 
Payment Date under the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments which, following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event 
of Default and the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, shall be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
 
Agent in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement.  
"Potential Set-Off Amount" means (a) if no Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred or is outstanding an amount equal 
to 0 (zero) or (b) if an Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred and is outstanding, an amount of the Cover Pool that 
could potentially be set-off by the relevant Debtors against any credit owed by any such Debtor towards the Seller. Such 
amount will be calculated by the Test Calculation Agent (based on the aggregate information provided by the Servicer) 
on a quarterly basis on each Test Calculation Date and/or Monthly Test Calculation Date and/or on each other date on 
which the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement or any other Programme Documents.  
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default 
Notice in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default 
Notice in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Premium Interest" means the premium payable by the Guarantor to the Seller in accordance with the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement, as determined thereunder.  
"Principal Available Funds" means in respect of any Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited to the Collection 
Account net of the amounts applied to purchase Eligible Assets and Top-Up Assets during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal received by the Servicer and credited to the Collection Account 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Calculation Date; 
(c) 
all principal amounts received from the Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement;  
(d) 
the proceeds of any disposal of Eligible Assets and any disinvestments of Top-Up Assets;  
(e) 
any other principal amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts as of the immediately preceding Collection 
Date; 
(f) 
any principal amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Principal Available 
Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Programme Documents during the immediately 
preceding Collection Period; 
(g) 
any principal payment payable under the Swap Agreements other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts;  
(h) 
any amount paid under the Subordinated Loan and not repaid, standing to the credit of the Collection Accounts; 
(i) 
all the amounts allocated pursuant to item Sixth of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
and 
(j) 
principal amount recovered by the Guarantor from the Issuer after the enforcement of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
"Principal Instalment" means the principal component of each Instalment. 
"Priority of Payments" means each of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments, the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, the Guarantee Priority of Payments and the Post-Enforcement Priority 
of Payments. 
"Privacy Law" means the Italian Legislative Decree number 196 of 30 June 2003, as subsequently amended, modified 
or supplemented, together with any relevant implementing regulations as integrated from time to time by the Autorità 
Garante per la Protezione dei Dati Personali. 
"Programme" means the programme for the issuance of each Series of Covered Bonds (obbligazioni bancarie

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
 
garantite) by the Issuer in accordance with article 7-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bond Law. 
"Programme Agreement" means the programme agreement entered into on or about the date hereof between, inter 
alios, the Guarantor, the Seller, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Dealers. 
"Programme Amount" means €5,000,000,000. 
"Programme Documents" means the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement, the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, the Programme Agreement, each 
Subscription Agreement, the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap 
Agreements, the Mandate Agreement, the Quotaholders' Agreement, the Conditions, the Deed of Pledge, the Deed of 
Charge, the Master Definitions Agreement, each Final Terms and any other agreement which will be entered into from 
time to time in connection with the Programme. 
"Programme Maturity Date" means the date falling 10 years after the First Issue Date. 
“Programme Resolution" has the meaning given in the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders attached to 
the Conditions. 
"Prospectus" or “Base Prospectus” means the prospectus prepared in connection with the issue of the Covered Bonds 
and the establishment and any update of the Programme, as supplemented from time to time.  
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time.  
“Prudential Regulations" means the prudential regulations for banks issued by the Bank of Italy on 17 December 2013 
with Circular No. 285 (Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche) as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Public Entities" means: 
(i) 
public entities, including ministerial bodies and local or regional bodies, located within the European Economic 
Area or Switzerland for which a risk weight not exceeding 20 per cent is applicable in accordance with the Bank 
of Italy's prudential regulations for banks — standardised approach; 
(ii) 
public entities, located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, for which 0 (zero) per cent risk 
weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – standardised 
approach- or regional or local public entities or non-economic administrative entities, located outside the 
European Economic Area or Switzerland, for which a risk weight not exceeding 20 per cent is applicable in 
accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks — standardised approach. 
"Public Entity Receivables" means, pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of Decree No. 310, any receivables owed 
by, or receivables which have been benefit of a guarantee eligible for credit risk mitigation granted by, Public Entities. 
"Public Entity Securities" means pursuant to article 2, sub-paragraph 1, of Decree No. 310, any securities issued by, or 
which have benefit of a guarantee eligible for credit risk mitigation granted by, Public Entities. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice of exercise relating to the put option contained in Condition 7 (f) (Redemption at 
the option of the Covered Bondholders), substantially in the form set out in schedule 5 to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement, or such other form which may, from time to time, be agreed between the Issuer 
and the Issuer Paying Agent or Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be. 
"Quarterly Servicer's Report" means the quarterly report delivered by the Servicer on each Quarterly Servicer’s 
Report Date and containing details on the Collections of the Receivables during the relevant Collection Periods 
prepared in accordance with the Servicing Agreement and delivered by the Servicer to, inter alios, the Guarantor, the 
Corporate Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Rating 
Agency. 
"Quarterly Servicer's Report Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling on 
the 13th calendar day of January, April, July and October of each year or if such day is not a Business Day, the 
immediately following Business Day and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, such date as may be 
indicated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
 
"Quotaholders' Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about the date hereof, between BPS, SVM, the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
"Quotaholders" means SVM and BPS. 
"Quota Capital" means the quota capital of the Guarantor, equal to Euro 10,000.00. 
"Quota Capital Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Expenses Account Bank, IBAN IT 16 T 01030 61621 000001317709 for the deposit of the Quota Capital. 
"Rating Agency" means Fitch. 
"Real Estate Assets" means the real estate properties which have been mortgaged in order to secure the Receivables 
and each of them the “Real Estate Asset”. 
"Receivables" means each and every right arising under the Mortgage Loans pursuant to the Mortgage Loan 
Agreements, including but not limited to: 
(i) 
all rights in relation to all Outstanding Principal of the Mortgage Loans as at the relevant Transfer Date; 
(ii) 
all rights in relation to interest (including default interest) amounts which will accrue on the Mortgage Loans as 
from the relevant Transfer Date; 
(iii) 
all rights in relation to the reimbursement of expenses and in relation to any losses, costs, indemnities and 
damages and any other amount due to the Seller in relation to the Mortgage Loans, the Mortgage Loan 
Agreements, including penalties and any other amount due to the Seller in the case of prepayments of the 
Mortgage Loans, and to the warranties and insurance related thereto, including the rights in relation to the 
reimbursement of legal, judicial and other possible expenses incurred in connection with the collection and 
recovery of all amounts due in relation to the Mortgage Loans up to and as from the relevant Transfer Date; 
(iv) 
all rights in relation to any amount paid pursuant to any Insurance Policy or guarantee in respect of the Mortgage 
Loans of which the Seller is the beneficiary or is entitled pursuant to any liens (vincoli); 
(v) 
all of the above together with the Mortgages and any other security interests (garanzie reali o garanzie personali) 
assignable as a result of the assignment of the Receivables (except for the fidejussioni omnibus which have not 
been granted exclusively in relation to or in connection with the Mortgage Loans), including any other guarantee 
granted in favour of the Seller in connection with the Mortgage Loans or the Mortgage Loan Agreements and the 
Receivables. 
"Receiver" means any receiver, manager or administrative receiver appointed in accordance with clause 7 (Appointment 
of Receiver) of the Deed of Charge. 
"Records" means the records prepared pursuant to clause 10.1 (Duty to maintain Records) of the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Recoveries" means any amounts received or recovered by the Servicer in accordance with the terms of the Servicing 
Agreement, in relation to any Defaulted Receivable and any Delinquent Receivable. 
"Representative of the Covered Bondholders" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting in its capacity 
as representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the 
Deed of Pledge, the Deed of Charge, the Conditions and the Final Terms of each Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Reserve Fund Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Account Bank IBAN IT 31 M 03479 01600 000800951301, or such other substitute account as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Reserve Fund Amount" means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
(A) interest accruing in respect of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds during the immediately following 
Guarantor Payment Period (such that, (a) if Liability Swap Agreements are in place for a Series of Covered 
Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the higher of the amount due to the Liability Swap Provider or the 
amount due to the Covered Bondholders of such Series, (b) if Liability Swap Agreements are not in place for a

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
 
Series of Covered Bonds, such interest amounts accruing will be the amount due the Covered Bondholders of 
such Series and (c) if Liability Swap Agreements are in place for a portion of a Series of Covered Bonds, such 
interest amounts accruing will be the sum of (i) for the portion of the Series covered by the Liability Swap 
Agreement, the higher of the amount due to the Liability Swap Provider and the amount due to the Covered 
Bondholders of such Series, and (ii) for the remaining portion, the interest amounts accruing will be the 
proportional amount due the Covered Bondholders of such Series) as calculated by the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent on or prior to each Calculation Date, plus (B) prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the 
aggregate amount to be paid by the Guarantor on the second Guarantor Payment Date following the relevant 
Calculation Date in respect of the items (First)(a) to (Third) of the Pre- Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority 
of Payments, as calculated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent; plus  
(ii) 
any additional amount that the Issuer has voluntarily resolved to accumulate as reserve in order to create an 
additional stock to procure that the Statutory Tests are met with respect to the Cover Pool. 
"Residential Assets" means the Real Estate Assets with respect to Residential Mortgage Loans. 
"Residential Mortgage Loan" means “crediti ipotecari residenziali” – as defined under article 1, sub-paragraph 1, 
letter (b) of Decree No. 310 – having the features set forth under article 2, sub-paragraph 1,letter (a) of Decree No. 310. 
"Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement" means any mortgage loan agreement out of which Receivables arise and 
secured by mortgage over Residential Assets. 
“Retention Amount” means Euro 30.000. 
"Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" or "Rules" means the rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders attached as exhibit to the Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
“Secured Creditors” means, collectively, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in its own capacity and as 
legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, the Seller, the Subordinated Lender, the Servicer, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Issuer Paying Agent, the 
Guarantor Paying Agent, the Account Bank, the Asset Monitor, any Asset Swap Provider(s), any Liability Swap 
Provider(s), the Portfolio Manager (if any), the Cash Manager, together with any other entity acceding to the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Securities Account" means the account which will be opened in the name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank, 
upon purchase by the Guarantor from the Seller of Eligible Assets and/or Top-Up Assets represented by bonds, 
debentures, notes or other financial instruments in book entry form in accordance with and subject to the conditions of 
the Cash, Allocation and Payments Agreement. 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Securitisation and Covered Bond Law" means Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as amended from time to time. 
"Security Interest" means:  
(i) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, privilege (privilegio speciale) or other security interest securing any 
obligation of any person; 
(ii) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to money, or the benefit of a bank or other account may be 
applied, set off or made subject to a combination of accounts so as to effect discharge or any sum owed or 
payable to any person; or 
(iii) 
any other type or preferential arrangement having a similar effect. 
"Security" means the security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge and the Deed of Charge. 
"Seller" means BPS pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Series" or "Series of Covered Bonds" means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme.  
"Servicer" means BPS, in its capacity as servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicer Termination Event" means any of the events set out under clause 8.1 (Casi di revoca del mandato del

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
 
Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement, which allows the Guarantor to terminate the Servicer's appointment and appoint a 
Substitute Servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
"Servicing Agreement" means the servicing agreement entered into on 30 May 2014 between the Guarantor, the Issuer 
and the Servicer. 
"Sole Affected Party" means an Affected Party as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement which at the relevant time 
is the only Affected Party under such Swap Agreement. 
"Specific Criteria" means (i) with respect to the Initial Portfolio, the criteria listed in schedule 3 (Criteri Specifici in 
relazione al Portafoglio Iniziale) to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement; or (ii) with respect to each New Portfolio, 
the criteria listed in Annex A of the relevant Transfer Notice of the New Portfolio.  
"Specified Currency" means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s), the 
Issuer Paying Agent or the Guarantor Paying Agent, as the case may be and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Specified Office" means with respect to the Account Bank and Guarantor Paying Agent Piazza Lina Bo Bardi, 3, 
20124 Milan, Italy, with respect to the Cash Manager, Test Calculation Agent and Issuer Paying Agent Piazza 
Garibaldi, 16, 23100 Sondrio, Italy, and with respect to the Guarantor Calculation Agent and Corporate Servicer Via V. 
Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy. 
"Stabilisation Manager" means each Dealer or any other person acting in such capacity in accordance with the terms 
of the Programme Agreement. 
"Statutory Tests" means such tests provided for under article 3 of Decree No. 310 and namely: (i) the Nominal Value 
Test, (ii) the Net Present Value Test and (iii) the Interest Coverage Test, as further defined under clause 2 (Statutory 
Tests and Asset Coverage Tests) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Statutory Test Verification" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Asset Monitor Agreement.  
"Stock Exchange" means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's main regulated market, Bourse de Luxembourg. 
"Subordinated Lender" means BPS, in its capacity as such pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means the subordinated loan agreement entered into on 30 May 2014 between the 
Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor. 
"Subscription Agreements" means each subscription agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date of each Series 
of Covered Bonds between each Dealer and the Issuer. 
"Subsidiary" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
"Substitute Servicer" means the successor to the Servicer which may be appointed by the Guarantor, upon the 
occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, pursuant to clause 8.4 (Sostituto del Servicer) of the Servicing Agreement. 
"Swap Agreements" means, collectively, each Asset Swap Agreement, Liability Swap Agreement and any other swap 
agreement that may be entered into in connection with the Programme. 
“Swap Basic Term Modification” means any amendment to any of the Programme Documents aimed at: (i) altering 
the Priority of Payments by affecting the position of the Swap Provider if compared to the position of the Covered 
Bondholders, (ii) changing a payment date under the Swap Agreement; (iii) providing a reduction or cancellation or 
increase in the payments due under the Swap Agreement; (iv) altering the currency for each relevant payment under the 
Swap Agreement; (v) extending the termination date under the Swap Agreement and (vi) modifying this definition. 
"Swap Collateral" means the collateral which may be transferred by the Swap Providers to the Guarantor in support of 
its obligations under the Swap Agreements. 
“Swap Collateral Accounts” means collectively the Swap Collateral Cash Account, the Swap Collateral Securities 
Account and any swap collateral cash account, any swap collateral securities account and any other collateral account 
that may be opened, in name and on behalf of the Guarantor, with an account bank on which each Swap Collateral in 
the form of cash and/or securities and will be posted in accordance with the relevant Swap Agreement.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
 
"Swap Collateral Cash Account" means the Euro denominated collateral account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Account Bank, IBAN IT 36 Q 03479 01600 000800951305, or such other substitute account as may 
be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts" means at any time, the amounts of Swap Collateral which may not be applied 
under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement at that time in satisfaction of the relevant Swap Provider's obligations 
to the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the Issuer including Swap Collateral which is to be returned to the relevant 
Swap Provider from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreements and ultimately upon termination 
of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Securities Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Account Bank, No. 951301, or such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Swap Providers" means, collectively, the Asset Swap Providers, the Liability Swap Providers and the providers of 
any other swap agreements entered into in connection with the Programme. 
“SVM” means SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.R.L. in its capacity as quataholder of the Guarantor. 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlemente Express Transfer payments system 
which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007. 
"Tax" means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or any political sub-division thereof or any authority 
thereof or therein. 
"Tests" means, collectively, the Statutory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test. 
"Test Calculation Agent" means Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A., acting as test calculation agent or any other 
institution that, from time to time, may be appointed as such pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement.  
“Test Calculation Date” means the date which falls 3 (three) Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment Date or, 
if that day is not a Business Day, the immediate following Business Day. The first Test Calculation Date will fall on 
October 2014. 
"Test Grace Period" means the period starting from the Test Calculation Date on which the breach of a test is notified 
by the Test Calculation Agent and ending on the immediately following Test Calculation Date.  
"Test Performance Report" means the report to be delivered on each Test Calculation Date or, after the occurrence of 
a breach of Test, on each Monthly Test Calculation Date, by the Test Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement.  
"Top-Up Assets" means, in accordance with article 2, sub-paragraph 3.2 and 3.3 of Decree No. 310, each of the 
following assets: 
(i) 
deposits held with banks which qualify as Eligible Institution and have their registered office in the European 
Economic Area or Switzerland or in a country for which a 0 per cent risk weight is applicable in accordance with 
the Bank of Italy’s prudential regulations for banks – standardised approach; and 
(ii) 
securities issued by the banks indicated in item (i) above, which have a residual maturity not exceeding 1 (one) 
year. 
"Total Commitment" with respect to the Subordinated Lender, has the meaning ascribed to such term under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Trade Date" means the date on which the issue of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is priced. 
"Tranche" means the tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to which each Final Terms relates, each 
such tranche forming part of a Series. 
"Transfer Agreement" means any subsequent transfer agreement for the purchase of each New Portfolio entered into 
in accordance with the terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
 
"Transfer Date" means: (a) with respect to the Initial Portfolio, the date designated by the Seller in the Master Loan 
Purchase Agreement; and (b) with respect to the New Portfolios, the date designated by the Seller in the relevant 
Transfer Notice. 
"Transfer Notice" means, in respect to each New Portfolio, such transfer notice which will be sent by the Seller and 
addressed to the Guarantor in the form set out in schedule 5 (Modello di proposta di cessione di Nuovi Portafogli) to the 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Treaty" means the treaty establishing the European Community. 
"Usury Law" means the Law number 108 of 7 March 1996 as amended from time to time together with Decree number 
394 of 29 December 2000 which has been converted in law by Law number 24 of 28 February 2001 as amended from 
time to time. 
"Value Added Tax" or "VAT" means Imposta sul Valore Aggiunto (IVA) as defined in D.P.R. number 633 of 26 
October 1972. 
“Valuation Date” means (a) with reference to the Initial Portfolio, the Initial Valuation Date and (b) with reference to 
New Portfolios, the date indicated as such in the relevant Transfer Notice. 
"Warranty and Indemnity Agreement" means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered into on 30 May 2014 
between the Seller and the Guarantor.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
 
ISSUER, SERVICER and SELLER 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. 
Piazza Garibaldi, 16 
23100 Sondrio 
Italy 
 
GUARANTOR 
POPSO Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
ARRANGERS 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des 
Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via V. Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
DEALER  
 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo 
Banco BPM 
Viale Eginardo 29, 
20149 Milan 
Italy 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. – Divisione 
IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Natixis 
30 avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France  
 
 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
Unicredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. 
Piazza Garibaldi, 16 
23100 Sondrio 
Italy 
 
 
 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4, 
60306 Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Am Belvedere 1 
1100 Vienna 
Austria 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG 
Am Stadtpark, 9 
1030 Vienna 
Austria 
 
 
 
 
 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
B-1080 Brussels 
Belgium

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via V. Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy,  
 L-1855, Luxembourg  
 
BACK-UP SERVICER 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via V. Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
Chiomenti  
Via Verdi, 2 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Arrangers and Dealer 
Allen & Overy – Studio Legale Associato 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 
To the Issuer/Guarantor 
 
EY S.p.A. 
Via 
Lombardia, 31 
00187 Rome 
Italy