--- Page 1 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
- i - 
 
 
Prospectus 
 
BANCO BPM S.P.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy) 
€10,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
BPM Covered Bond 2 S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company in the Republic of Italy) 
Except where specified otherwise, capitalised words and expressions in this Prospectus have the meaning given to them in the 
section entitled “Glossary”. 
Under this €10,000,000,000 covered bond programme (the Programme), Banco BPM S.p.A. (Banco BPM or the Issuer or 
the Bank) may from time to time issue European covered bonds (obbligazioni garantite europee) (the Covered Bonds) 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Prospectus and the conditions of the Programme Agreement and in accordance 
with Title 1-bis of law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (as amended from time to time, the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law) 
which has implemented Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of 29 November 2019 establishing a common framework for covered bonds 
and Part III, Chapter 3 of the Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (as amended from time to time, including on 30 March 
2023, the Bank of Italy Regulations). 
The Covered Bonds will be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari 
passu without preference among themselves and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a 
compulsory winding-up of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor 
on their behalf. 
BPM Covered Bond 2 S.r.l. (the Guarantor) has guaranteed payments of interest and principal under the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to a guarantee (the Guarantee) which is backed by a pool of assets (the Cover Pool) made up of a portfolio of 
residential mortgage loans assigned and to be assigned to the Guarantor by the Seller (and/or, as the case may be, by any 
Additional Seller) and of other Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and Liquid Assets. Recourse against the Guarantor under 
the Guarantee is limited to the Cover Pool. 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, or to the sterling overnight index 
average rate (SONIA), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Prospectus, EURIBOR is 
provided and administered by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), and SONIA is provided and administered by 
the Bank of England. At the date of this Prospectus EMMI is authorised as benchmark administrators, and included on, the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this 
Prospectus, the administrator of SONIA is not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
This document has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), which is the 
competent authority under Regulation EU 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, as a 
base prospectus for the purposes of article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (the Prospectus).  
The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
or the quality of the Covered Bonds that are subject to this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in Covered Bonds. 
BANCO BPM

--- Page 2 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
- ii - 
 
 
Application has also been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than Covered Bonds issued in registered 
form and the N Covered Bonds) during the period of 12 (twelve) months from the date of this Prospectus to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. As referred to in Article 6(4) of the 
Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019, by approving this Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 
of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation 
or the quality and solvency of the issuer. 
This Prospectus is valid for a period of 12 months from its date ending on 8 June 2024 in relation to Covered Bonds 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation 
to supplement this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Under the Programme the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds in registered form and N Covered Bonds (Gedeckte 
Namensschuldverschreibungen), each issued with a minimum denomination indicated in the applicable terms and conditions 
and/or the terms and conditions of the N Covered Bonds (the N Covered Bond Conditions), which will differ from the terms 
and conditions set out in the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”. The N Covered Bonds will not be 
listed and/or admitted to trading on any market and will not be settled through a clearing system. This Prospectus does not 
relate to Covered Bonds issued in registered form and the N Covered Bonds, which may be issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme pursuant to either separate documentation or the documents described in this Prospectus, after having made the 
necessary amendments. The approval of this Prospectus by the CSSF does not cover any Covered Bonds issued in 
registered form and the N Covered Bonds which may be issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
An investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. See “Risk Factors” for a 
discussion of certain factors to be considered in connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference (see the section headed “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Prospectus refers does not form part of this 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.  
From their relevant issue dates, the Covered Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form or in any other form as set out in the 
relevant Conditions and/or Final Terms. The Covered Bond issued in dematerialised form will be held on behalf of their 
ultimate owners by Monte Titoli S.p.A. (Monte Titoli) for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli account holders. Monte 
Titoli will also act as depository for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
(Clearstream). The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will at all times be evidenced by book-entries in accordance 
with the Financial Laws Consolidation Act and with the joint regulation of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la 
Borsa (CONSOB) and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 
2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Covered 
Bonds issued in dematerialised form. This Prospectus does not relate to the Covered Bonds which may be issued under the 
Programme in any form other than dematerialised form pursuant to either separate documentation or the documents described 
in this Prospectus after having made the necessary amendments. 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be subject to mandatory and/or optional redemption in whole or in part in certain 
circumstances (as set out in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase)). Unless previously redeemed in full in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions, the Covered Bonds of each Series will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the 
relevant Maturity Date (or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date), subject as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, payments of interest and other proceeds in respect of the Covered Bonds may be subject to 
withholding or deduction for or on account of Italian substitute tax, in accordance with Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 
1 April 1996, as amended and supplemented from time to time, and any related regulations. Upon the occurrence of any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of tax from any payments under any Series of Covered Bonds, neither the Issuer 
nor any other person shall have any obligation to pay any additional amount(s) to any holder of Covered Bonds of any Series. 
For further details see the section entitled “Taxation”. 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, if rated, are expected to be assigned a credit rating as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. (Moody’s) and/or any other rating agency which may be appointed from time to time by 
the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds or for the remaining duration of the Programme, to the extent that any 
of them at the relevant time provides ratings in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds (the Rating Agency). Whether or not 
the credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as 
amended, the EU CRA Regulation) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (UK) and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (the UK CRA 
Regulation) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued

--- Page 3 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
- iii - 
 
 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless such rating 
(1) is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the European Union which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless such rating (1) is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning Rating Agency. Please refer to the ESMA webpage https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation in order to consult the updated list of registered credit rating agencies. 
 
ARRANGER FOR THE PROGRAMME 
 
BARCLAYS 
 
DEALERS 
BANCA AKROS – 
GRUPPO BANCO BPM 
 
BARCLAYS 
The date of this Prospectus is 8 June 2023.

--- Page 4 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
- iv - 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
This Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and for the purposes of giving information which, according to the particular 
nature of the Covered Bonds, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment 
of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and 
of the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. To the best 
of the knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, 
the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Prospectus 
makes no omission likely to affect the importance of such information. 
The Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information included in this Prospectus in the 
section headed “The Guarantor” and any other information contained in this Prospectus 
relating to itself. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, those parts of this Prospectus for 
which the Guarantor is responsible are in accordance with the facts and makes no omission 
likely to affect the importance of such information. 
This Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplements hereto, along 
with all documents which are incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference”) and, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds (as defined herein), with the 
relevant Final Terms (as defined herein). 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other 
than those contained in this Prospectus in connection with the issue, offering or sale of the 
Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Bondholders or any of the Dealers or the Arranger, or any of their respective affiliates or 
advisers. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor any sale or allotment made in connection 
therewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication or constitute a representation 
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor or in other 
information contained herein since the date hereof or the date upon which this Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial position of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point

--- Page 5 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
- v - 
 
 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, the MiFID II); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or the Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020) (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or the Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled 
“MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such Covered Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation 
to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance rules under EU 
Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or the Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are 
appropriate. Any distributor (as defined above) should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules 
set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market

--- Page 6 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
- vi - 
 
 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made 
in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Suitability of Covered Bonds as investments 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor 
in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Covered Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and 
the impact the Covered Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Covered Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest 
payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest 
payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
thoroughly understand the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the 
behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios of economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors 
generally do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They 
purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield as an 
understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered Bonds 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Covered Bonds 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Covered Bonds. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Covered Bonds in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus comes 
are required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restriction. The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). Subject to

--- Page 7 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
- vii - 
 
 
certain exceptions, Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to US persons. There are further restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the European Economic Area (including the Republic 
of Italy and the Republic of France), the United Kingdom and Japan. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds and on distribution of this Prospectus, 
see Subscription and Sale. 
The information contained in this Prospectus was obtained from the Issuer and the other 
sources identified herein, but no assurance can be given by the Dealers or the Arranger as to 
the accuracy or completeness of such information. The Arranger and the Dealers have not 
separately verified the information contained in this Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the 
Arranger make any representation, express or implied, or accept any responsibility, with 
respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Prospectus or any 
document or agreement relating to the Covered Bonds or any Transaction Document. None of 
the Dealers or the Arranger shall be responsible for any matter which is the subject of any 
statement, representation, warranty or covenant of the Issuer contained in the Covered Bonds 
or any Transaction Documents, or any other agreement or document relating to the Covered 
Bonds or any Transaction Document, or for the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, 
genuineness, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof. Neither this 
Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Arranger or the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Covered 
Bonds. Each potential purchaser of Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance 
of the information contained in this Prospectus, including the merits and risks involved, and 
its purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. 
None of the Dealers, the Representative of the Bondholders or the Arranger undertake to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor 
in Covered Bonds of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers, the 
Representative of the Bondholders or the Arranger. None of the Arranger and the Dealers has 
undertaken or will undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in respect of any of 
the Eligible Assets has prepared or will undertake to prepare any report or any other financial 
statement. The contents of this Prospectus should not be construed as providing legal, business, 
accounting or tax advice. Each prospective investor should consult its own legal, business, 
accounting and tax advisers prior to making a decision to invest in the Covered Bonds. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, 
or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal 
advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) it can legally invest in Covered Bonds (ii) 
Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and “repurchase” 
arrangements and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Prospectus 
regarding markets and market share of the Issuer or the Group are either derived from, or are 
based on, internal data or publicly available data from external sources. In addition, the 
sources for the rating information set out in the sections headed “Selected Consolidated

--- Page 8 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
- viii - 
 
 
Financial Data – Rating” and “Description of the Issuer and the Group – Recent 
Developments” of this Prospectus are the following rating agencies: Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS 
(each as defined below). In respect of information in this Prospectus that has been extracted 
from a third party, the Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by third 
parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. Although the Issuer believes that the external sources used are reliable, the 
Issuer has not independently verified the information provided by such sources. 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or unless the context otherwise requires, all 
references to “£” or “Sterling” are to the currency of the United Kingdom, “Dollars” are to 
the currency of the United States of America and all references to “€”, “euro” and “Euro” 
are to the lawful currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic 
and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended from time to time. 
The terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds and the terms and conditions of the Covered 
Bonds issued in registered form and the N Covered Bonds Conditions apply to the different 
types of Covered Bonds which may be issued under the Programme. The full terms and 
conditions applicable to each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds (other than Covered Bonds 
issued in registered form and the N Covered Bonds) can be reviewed by reading the Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds as set out in full in this Prospectus, which constitute the basis of all 
Covered Bonds (other than Covered Bonds issued in registered form and the N Covered Bonds) 
to be offered under the Programme, together with the applicable Final Terms which complete 
the Conditions of the Covered Bonds in the manner required to reflect the particular terms and 
conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (or Tranche). The full terms and 
conditions applicable to each Series of Covered Bonds in registered form or the N Covered 
Bonds can be reviewed by reading the relevant N Covered Bond Certificate, the relevant term 
and conditions and N Covered Bond Conditions and any schedule or ancillary agreement 
attached or relating thereto. 
Figures included in this Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, 
figures shown for the same item of information may vary, and figures which are totals may not 
be the arithmetical aggregate of their components. 
Furthermore, certain figures and percentages included in this Prospectus have been subject to 
rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different 
tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic 
aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with any Tranche of Covered Bonds, one or more Dealers may act as a 
stabilising manager (the Stabilising Manager). The identity of the Stabilising Manager will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. References in the next paragraph to “the issue” of any 
Tranche of Covered Bonds are to each Tranche of Covered Bonds in relation to which any 
Stabilising Manager is appointed. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) 
named as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect

--- Page 9 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
- ix - 
 
 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there can be no assurance that the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will 
undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Covered 
Bonds is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation action or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
- x - 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................... 11 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................ 35 
STRUCTURE OVERVIEW................................................................................................ 82 
SUPPLEMENTS, FINAL TERMS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES ............................ 87 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................ 88 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ............................................. 92 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE BONDHOLDERS ..................................... 156 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................... 186 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................ 200 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA ...................................................... 201 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP ................................. 210 
REGULATORY ............................................................................................................... 273 
CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICY .......................................................................... 288 
THE GUARANTOR ......................................................................................................... 303 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ............................................. 307 
CREDIT STRUCTURE .................................................................................................... 329 
CASHFLOWS .................................................................................................................. 338 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL ......................................................................... 345 
THE ASSET MONITOR .................................................................................................. 349 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RELEVANT LEGISLATION IN ITALY ........................ 351 
TAXATION ...................................................................................................................... 362 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION.......................................................................................... 374 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .......................................................................................... 375 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................ 381 
GLOSSARY ..................................................................................................................... 387

--- Page 11 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
11 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25 
of the Commission Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (as amended). The following overview does 
not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder 
of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Series of 
Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this 
Prospectus shall have the same meaning in this overview.  
 
 
PARTIES 
 
Issuer 
Banco BPM S.p.A., a bank incorporated in Italy as a joint-
stock company (società per azioni), having its registered office 
at Piazza F. Meda, 4, Milan, Italy, registered with the 
Companies’ Register of Milan under number 09722490969 
and with the register of banking groups held by the Bank of 
Italy “Codice meccanografico” 5034 under number 8065, 
authorised to carry out business in Italy pursuant to the 
Consolidated Banking Act (Banco BPM or the Issuer). 
For a more detailed description of the Issuer, see section 
“Business Description of the Issuer and the Group”. 
Guarantor 
BPM Covered Bond 2 S.r.l., a company incorporated in Italy 
as a limited liability company (società a responsabilità 
limitata) pursuant to the Securitisation and Covered Bonds 
Law, with a share capital equal to Euro 10,000.00, having its 
registered office in Via Curtatone 3, 00185 – Rome, enrolled 
with the Companies’ Register of Rome under number 
13317131004, enrolled with the register held by the Bank of 
Italy pursuant to article 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act 
(the Guarantor). 
For a more detailed description of the Guarantor, see “The 
Guarantor”. 
Seller 
Banco BPM S.p.A., a bank incorporated in Italy as a joint-
stock company (società per azioni), having its registered office 
at Piazza F. Meda, 4, Milan, Italy, registered with the 
Companies’ Register of Milan under number 09722490969 
and with the register of banking groups held by the Bank of 
Italy “Codice meccanografico” 5034 under number 8065, 
authorised to carry out business in Italy pursuant to the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
Additional Seller(s) 
Any bank (other than Banco BPM) which is a member of the 
Banco BPM Group that wishes to sell Eligible Assets, 
Substitution Assets and Liquid Assets to the Guarantor,

--- Page 12 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
12 
 
 
 
 
subject to satisfaction of certain conditions (which shall 
include a prior written notice to the Rating Agency), and 
which, for such purpose, shall enter into, inter alia, a master 
receivables purchase agreement with the Guarantor, on 
substantially the same terms and conditions of the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreements. 
Arranger 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, acting through its investment 
bank divisions with office at One Molesworth Street, Dublin 
2, Ireland D02 RF29, and any other entity appointed as an 
arranger for the Programme. 
Dealer(s) 
Banca Akros S.p.A. and Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and 
any other dealer appointed from time to time in accordance 
with the Programme Agreement, which appointment may be 
for the issue of a specific Series of Covered Bonds or on an 
ongoing basis. 
Servicer 
Pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, Banco BPM 
will act as Servicer. For a more detailed description of Banco 
BPM, see section “The Issuer”. 
Sub-Servicers 
Each Additional Seller who will accede to the Servicing 
Agreement and will act as Sub-Servicer in relation to the 
relevant Portfolio. 
Subordinated Lender 
Banco BPM S.p.A. and each Additional Seller, in its capacity 
as subordinated lender pursuant to the relevant Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
Investment Manager 
Pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment 
Agreement, Banco BPM has been appointed as Investment 
Manager. For a more detailed description of Banco BPM, see 
section “The Issuer”. 
Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment 
Agreement, Banco BPM has been appointed as Calculation 
Agent. For a more detailed description of Banco BPM, see 
section “The Issuer”. 
Representative of the 
Bondholders 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., breviter Banca 
Finint S.p.A., a bank incorporated under the laws of Italy as a 
“società per azioni”, having its registered office in Via V. 
Alfieri,1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, share capital of Euro 
91,743,007.00 fully paid up, tax code and enrolment in the 
Companies’ 
Register 
of 
Treviso-Belluno 
number 
04040580963, VAT Group “Gruppo IVA Finint S.p.A.” - 
VAT number 04977190265, registered in the Register of the 
Banks under number 5580 pursuant to article 13 of the

--- Page 13 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
13 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Banking Act and in the Register of the Banking 
groups as Parent Company of the Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale Banking Group, member of the “Fondo 
Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi” and of the “Fondo 
Nazionale di Garanzia”. 
Asset Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent accountants and auditors will 
be appointed as Asset Monitor pursuant to a mandate granted 
by the Issuer and the Asset Monitor Agreement, as an 
independent monitor to perform tests and procedures including 
those in accordance with the applicable legal regulations. The 
initial Asset Monitor will be BDO Italia S.p.A., a joint stock 
company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, 
having its registered office at Viale Abruzzi, 94 - 20131 
Milano, Italy, share capital of Euro 1,000,000, of which paid 
Euro 1,000,000, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies 
register of Milan No. 07722780967 and enrolled under No. 
167911 with the Register of Statutory Auditors (Registro dei 
Revisori Legali) maintained by the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance. 
Account Bank 
BNP Paribas, a bank incorporated under the laws of France 
licensed to conduct banking operations, having its registered 
office at Boulevard des Italiens, 16, Paris, France, registered 
with the Chamber of Commerce of Paris under number B662 
042 449, with a fully paid-up share capital of Euro 
2,468,663,292, which acts for the purposes hereof through its 
Italian branch, whose offices are located in Piazza Lina Bo 
Bardi 3, 20124 Milan, enrolled in the register of banks held by 
the Bank of Italy under no. 5482, fiscal code and VAT code 
no. 04449690157, REA no. 731270, as successor of “BNP 
Paribas Securities Services”, further to the merger by way of 
incorporation (fusione per incorporazione) of BNP Paribas 
Securities Services into BNP Paribas, which took place on 1 
October 2022, will act as Account Bank pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement (BNP). 
Luxembourg Listing and 
Paying Agent 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch. 
Principal Paying Agent 
BNP will act as Principal Paying Agent, pursuant to the terms 
of the Cash Allocation Management and Payment Agreement. 
Back-up Account Bank 
Banco BPM will act as Back-up Account Bank pursuant to the 
terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment 
Agreement. 
Interest Swap 
Provider(s) 
One or more suitably rated entities as may be appointed for 
each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 14 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
14 
 
 
 
 
Cover Pool Swap 
Providers 
One or more suitably rated entities as may be appointed to 
hedge possible variances between the rates of interest payable 
on the Mortgage Loans and EURIBOR. 
Guarantor Corporate 
Servicer 
KPMG Fides Servizi di Amministrazione S.p.A., a 
company incorporated under the laws of Italy, having its 
registered office at via Vittor Pisani 27, Milan, Italy, acting 
through its branch in Rome, at Via Curtatone 3, Rome, Italy, 
has been appointed as Guarantor Corporate Servicer pursuant 
to the Corporate Services Agreement. 
Guarantor Quotaholders 
Stichting Bapoburg, a company incorporated under the laws 
of the Netherlands, having its registered office in 
Hoogoorddreef 15, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, holding 
20% of the Guarantor’s quotas, and Banco BPM, holding 80% 
of the Guarantor’s quotas, are the quotaholders of the 
Guarantor. 
THE PROGRAMME 
Programme description 
A covered bond issuance programme under which Covered 
Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) will be issued by the 
Issuer to Bondholders and guaranteed by the Guarantor under 
the Guarantee. 
Programme Limit 
The aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds at any 
time outstanding will not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies to be calculated as described in 
the Programme Agreement). The Issuer may however increase 
the aggregate nominal amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
THE COVERED BONDS 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer and dematerialised 
form or in any other form as set out in the relevant Conditions 
and/or Final Terms. The Covered Bonds issued in 
dematerialised form will be held on behalf of their ultimate 
owners by Monte Titoli for the account of Monte Titoli 
account holders and title thereto will be evidenced by book 
entries. Monte Titoli will act as depository for Euroclear and 
Clearstream. No physical document of title will be issued in 
respect of the Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
Denomination of 
Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers in 
accordance with the Conditions and specified in the relevant 
Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of each

--- Page 15 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
15 
 
 
 
 
Covered Bond will be Euro 100,000 or such other amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Status of the Covered 
Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and 
(save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally 
with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the 
event of a winding-up, liquidation, dissolution or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the 
Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor on their behalf. 
Specified Currency 
Covered Bonds will be issued, subject to any applicable legal 
or regulatory restrictions, in such currency or currencies as 
may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the relevant 
Dealer(s), the Principal Paying Agent and the Representative 
of the Bondholders (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Maturities 
The Covered Bonds will have such Maturity Date as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by any relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency.  
Redemption 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered 
Bonds will indicate either that the Covered Bonds of such 
Series of Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity (other than for taxation reasons or if it becomes 
unlawful for any Covered Bond to remain outstanding or 
following a Guarantor Event of Default) or that such Covered 
Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer or at the 
option of the Bondholders on a date or dates specified prior to 
the specified Maturity Date and at a price and on other terms 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealer(s) (as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms). 
For further details, see Condition 8 (Redemption and 
Purchase). For the avoidance of doubt any reference in this 
Prospectus to such Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) 
shall be read as a redemption at 100 per cent of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Covered Bonds. 
Extended Maturity Date 
The relevant Final Terms may also provide that the obligations 
of the Guarantor to pay all or part of the Final Redemption

--- Page 16 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
16 
 
 
 
 
Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred 
pursuant to Condition 8(b) (Extension of Maturity) to the 
Extended Maturity Date.  
Such deferral will occur automatically if (a) the Issuer has 
failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms; and (b) the 
Guarantor (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines 
that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available under the 
relevant Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in full in 
respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds.  
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall, on 
the Extension Determination Date, pursuant to the Guarantee, 
apply the moneys (if any) available (after paying or providing 
for payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments) towards 
partial payment of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of 
the relevant Covered Bonds and shall pay the Guaranteed 
Amounts constituting interest in respect of each such Covered 
Bond on such date. 
The Issuer shall notify to the Bank of Italy the extension of 
maturity of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 8(b) 
within 10 (ten) calendar days from the occurrence thereof. 
For further details, see Condition 8 (Redemption and 
Purchase). 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds may be issued at par or at a premium or 
discount to par on a fully-paid basis (as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms). 
Interest 
Covered Bonds may be interest-bearing or non-interest 
bearing. Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating 
rate or zero coupon and the method of calculating interest may 
vary between the issue date and the maturity date of the 
relevant Series. Covered Bonds may also have a maximum rate 
of interest, a minimum rate of interest or both (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms). Interest on Covered Bonds in 
respect of each Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on such 
Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of 
such Day Count Fraction, in each case as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a fixed rate, 
which will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed

--- Page 17 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
17 
 
 
 
 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate 
determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating (i) 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Bonds of the relevant Series) or (ii) 
if ISDA 2021 Definitions are specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest 
version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) 
(and any successor thereto), each as published by 
ISDA 
(or 
any 
successor) 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Bonds of the relevant Series; 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), 
in each case, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each issue of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds, as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, bearing no interest, may be 
offered and sold at a discount to their nominal amount unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Amortising Covered 
Bonds 
Covered Bonds with a predefined, prescheduled amortisation 
schedule where, alongside interest, the Issuer will pay, at each 
Interest Payment Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, a 
portion of principal until maturity. 
Registered Covered 
Bonds and N Covered 
Bonds 
Under the Programme the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds 
issued in registered form and N Covered Bonds (Gedeckte 
Namensschuldverschreibungen), each issued with a minimum

--- Page 18 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
18 
 
 
 
 
denomination indicated in the applicable terms and conditions 
or N Covered Bond Conditions. The N Covered Bonds will not 
be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market and will not 
be settled through a clearing system. 
The Covered Bonds issued in registered form and the N 
Covered Bonds are evidenced on the basis of due registration 
in the register (the Register) maintained by the Issuer or by 
any registrar appointed by the Issuer (the Registrar) and will 
be represented by a certificate which shall bear the signature 
of one duly authorised signatory of the Issuer and will be 
manually authenticated by or on behalf of the Registrar. 
In accordance with Title I-bis of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations, the 
terms and conditions of each Series of N Covered Bonds 
together with the N Covered Bond Agreement and the 
Transaction Documents, the N Covered Bondholders will have 
(i) recourse to the Issuer and (ii) limited recourse to the 
Guarantor limited to the Guarantor Available Funds. 
The Covered Bonds issued in registered form and the N 
Covered Bonds will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, guaranteed by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. The Covered Bonds issued in registered form and 
the N Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves and, save for any applicable 
statutory provisions, at least equally with all other present and 
future unsecured and un-subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding. 
The Covered Bonds issued in registered form and the N 
Covered Bonds will be issued to each holder by means and in 
the form of N Covered Bond Certificate, each issued with a 
minimum denomination indicated in the N Covered Bond 
Conditions attached thereto and the N Covered Bond 
Assignment Agreement attached thereto, together with the 
execution of an N Covered Bond agreement relating to such N 
Covered Bond (each, a N Covered Bond Agreement), save 
for the possibility for the Issuer to apply, at its indisputable 
discretion, a set of legal documentation which is formally 
different from the N Covered Bonds Conditions and the N 
Covered Bond Agreement, if agreed with the relevant Dealer 
in relation to a specific issue of N Covered Bonds.  
The N Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds issued in 
registered form do not form part of this Prospectus. Neither 
the CSSF nor the Luxembourg Stock Exchange has

--- Page 19 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
19 
 
 
 
 
approved or reviewed information contained in this 
Prospectus in connection with N Covered Bonds and the 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form. Furthermore 
neither the CSSF nor the Luxembourg Stock Exchange has 
approved or reviewed the N Covered Bonds Certificate, the N 
Covered Bonds Agreement and any other document or 
agreement in connection with such N Covered Bonds. 
Finally, neither the CSSF nor the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange will approve or review any N Covered Bonds 
Certificate, N Covered Bonds Agreement and any other 
document or agreement in connection with any future issue 
of N Covered Bonds.  
The N Covered Bond Certificate with the N Covered Bond 
Conditions, the N Covered Bond Assignment Agreement 
attached thereto and the related N Covered Bond Agreement 
will constitute the full terms and conditions in respect of the 
relevant Series of N Covered Bonds. 
In the case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form and the 
N Covered Bonds, each reference in the Prospectus to 
information being set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated 
or otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms shall 
be read and construed as a reference to such information being 
set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise 
provided 
in 
the 
N 
Covered 
Bond 
(Gedeckte 
Namensschuldverschreibung), 
the 
N 
Covered 
Bond 
Conditions attached thereto or the relevant N Covered Bond 
Agreement and, as applicable, each other reference to Final 
Terms in the Prospectus shall be construed and read as a 
reference 
to 
such 
N 
Covered 
Bond 
(Gedeckte 
Namensschuldverschreibung), 
the 
N 
Covered 
Bond 
Conditions attached thereto or the relevant N Covered Bond 
Agreement. 
A transfer of N Covered Bonds is deemed to be not effective 
until the transferee has delivered to the Registrar the N 
Covered Bond Certificate or a duly certified copy of the N 
Covered Bond Certificate relating to such N Covered Bond 
along with a duly executed N Covered Bond Assignment 
Agreement. A transfer can only occur for the minimum 
denomination indicated in the N Covered Bond Conditions or 
multiples thereof. 
References in this Prospectus to the Conditions or a 
particularly numbered Condition shall be construed, where 
relevant (and unless specified otherwise), to include the 
equivalent Condition in the N Covered Bond Conditions as

--- Page 20 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
20 
 
 
 
 
supplemented by the relevant N Covered Bond Agreement 
and/or other applicable document. 
The N Covered Bonds will be governed by the laws of the 
Federal Republic of Germany or by whatever law chosen by 
the Issuer (to be supplemented with the specific provisions 
required under German law in order for the N Covered Bonds 
to 
be 
a 
German 
law 
registered 
note 
(Gedeckte 
Namensschuldverschreibung) provided that, in any case, 
certain provisions, including those applicable to the Issuer and 
Cover Pool, shall be confirmed to be governed by Italian law. 
The Issuer or any other institution entity will be appointed to 
act as paying agent in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in 
registered form and/or the N Covered Bonds under the 
Programme (the Registered Paying Agent). 
Taxation 
Subject to certain exceptions, all payments in relation to 
Covered Bonds will be made without Tax Deduction or 
Withholding Tax. If any deduction or withholding is made on 
account of Tax, the Issuer shall, subject to a number of 
exceptions, be required to pay additional amounts in respect of 
the amounts so deducted or withheld. Under the Guarantee the 
Guarantor will not be liable to pay any such additional 
amounts. 
For further details, see Condition 10 (Taxation). 
Issuer cross default 
Each Series of Covered Bonds will cross-accelerate as against 
each other Series but will not otherwise contain a cross default 
provision. Accordingly, neither an event of default under any 
other indebtedness of the Issuer (including other debt 
securities of the Issuer) nor any acceleration of such 
indebtedness will of itself give rise to an Issuer Event of 
Default. In addition, an Issuer Event of Default will not 
automatically give rise to a Guarantor Event of Default, 
provided however that, where a Guarantor Default Notice is 
served on the Guarantor as a result of a Guarantor Event of 
Default in respect of any one Series of Covered Bonds, all 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be 
accelerated in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds 
outstanding. 
For further details, see Condition 11 (Segregation Event and 
Events of Default). 
Notice to the Rating 
Agency 
The issue of certain types of Covered Bonds (including Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds or Covered Bonds whose Final Terms 
do not provide for an Extended Maturity Date) in each case as

--- Page 21 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
21 
 
 
 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as well as the sale of 
any Subsequent Portfolio which has characteristics and/or 
features that differ materially from the characteristics and/or 
features of the Initial Portfolio, including any Subsequent 
Portfolio which comprises loans originated by entities 
different from Banco BPM, shall be subject to prior notice to 
the Rating Agency. 
Listing and admission to 
trading 
Application has been made for Covered Bonds (other than the 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form and the N Covered 
Bonds) issued under the Programme during the period of 12 
months from the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the 
official list and to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Programme also permits 
Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis that (i) they will be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or 
further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or 
quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer or (ii) they 
will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Ratings 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, if rated, are 
expected to be assigned a credit rating as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. (Moody’s) 
and/or any other rating agency which may be appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of 
Covered Bonds or for the remaining duration of the 
Programme, to the extent that any of them at the relevant time 
provides ratings in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds (the 
Rating Agency). 
 
Whether or not the credit rating applied for in relation to 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
on credit rating agencies (as amended, the EU CRA 
Regulation) or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom 
(UK) and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (the UK CRA 
Regulation) or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 22 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
22 
 
 
 
 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless 
such rating (1) is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the European Union but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the European Union 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions 
under the UK CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EWA. 
As such, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation unless such rating (1) is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Moody’s is a rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation. All credit ratings 
assigned to the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms.  
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
Covered Bonds and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the Rating Agency. 
Governing Law 
The Covered Bonds (other than Covered Bonds issued in 
registered form and the N Covered Bonds) will be governed 
by Italian law or by any other law as set out in the relevant 
Conditions and/or Final Terms. The Transaction Documents 
will be governed by Italian law, except for the Deed of Charge 
(if any) and the Swap Agreements (if any), which will be 
governed by English law. 
SEGREGATION EVENTS, ISSUER EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND GUARANTOR 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Breach of Tests 
If the Calculation Agent notifies the breach of any Test in 
accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the 
Guarantor will, within the Test Grace Period, as the case may

--- Page 23 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
23 
 
 
 
 
be: (i) purchase Subsequent Portfolios from the Seller and/or 
any Additional Sellers in accordance with the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement, and/or (ii) purchase  
Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets in 
accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement, in 
each case in an amount sufficient to ensure that as of the 
subsequent Calculation Date, all Tests are satisfied with 
respect to the Cover Pool. 
 
 
Segregation Events 
A Segregation Event will occur upon the notification by the 
Calculation Agent that a breach of the Mandatory Tests and/or, 
prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the Asset 
Coverage Test has not been remedied within the applicable 
Test Grace Period. 
Upon the occurrence of a Segregation Event, the 
Representative of the Bondholders will serve a Breach of Tests 
Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor stating that a 
Segregation Event has occurred. 
In such case: 
(a) 
no further Series of Covered Bonds may be issued by 
the Issuer; 
(b) 
there shall be no further payments to the Subordinated 
Lender under any relevant Term Loan and Converted 
Loans; and 
(c) 
the purchase price for any Eligible Assets and/or 
Substitution Assets to be acquired by the Guarantor 
shall be paid only using the proceeds of a Term Loan, 
except where the breach referred to in the Breach of 
Tests Notice may be cured by using the Guarantor 
Available Funds. 
Following the occurrence of a Segregation Event and until an 
Issuer Default Notice has been delivered, payments due under 
the Covered Bonds will continue to be made by the Issuer. 
After the service of a Breach of Tests Notice or of an Issuer 
Default Notice on the Guarantor, but prior to service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor will sell the Eligible 
Assets, the Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets included 
in the Cover Pool in accordance with the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement, subject to the rights of pre-emption 
in favour of the relevant Seller in respect of such Eligible

--- Page 24 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
24 
 
 
 
 
Assets, Substitution Assets and Liquid Assets pursuant to the 
relevant Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice but prior to 
the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the right of the 
Guarantor to sell Selected Assets shall cease to apply if on any 
Calculation Date prior to the expiry of the Test Remedy Period 
the relevant Tests are subsequently met, unless any other 
Segregation Event has occurred and is outstanding and without 
prejudice to the obligation of the Representative of the 
Bondholders to deliver a subsequent Breach of Tests Notice at 
any time thereafter to the extent a further Segregation Event 
occurs. If the relevant Test(s) is/are met within the Test 
Remedy Period, the Representative of the Bondholders will 
promptly deliver to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset 
Monitor a notice informing such parties that the Breach of 
Tests Notice then outstanding has been revoked.  
For further details, see section “Description of the Transaction 
Documents - Cover Pool Management Agreement”.

--- Page 25 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
25 
 
 
Issuer Events of Default 
An Issuer Event of Default will occur if: 
(a) 
following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the 
Tests are not met on, or prior to, the Calculation Date 
falling at the end of the Test Remedy Period unless a 
Programme Resolution is passed resolving to extend 
the Test Remedy Period; 
(b) 
default is made by the Issuer in (a) the payment of any 
principal or redemption amount due on the relevant 
Maturity Date in respect of the Covered Bonds of any 
Series, or (b) for a period of 7 days or more in the 
payment of any interest amount due in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of any Series; or 
(c) 
a default is made in the performance by the Issuer of 
any material obligation (other than any obligation for 
the payment of principal, redemption amount or 
interest in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series 
and/or any obligation to ensure compliance of the 
Cover Pool with the Tests) under the provisions of the 
Covered Bonds of any Series or any other Transaction 
Document to which the Issuer is a party which, unless 
certified by the Representative of the Bondholders, in 
its sole opinion, to be incapable of remedy shall 
continue for more than 30 days or such longer period 
as the Representative of the Bondholders may permit, 
after written notification requiring such default to be 
remedied and indicating that this provision may be 
invoked if it is not so remedied, shall have been given 
to the Issuer by the Representative of the Bondholders, 
or 
(d) 
an Insolvency Event (other than an early intervention 
measure (misura di intervento precoce) pursuant to 
Title IV, Chapter I, of the Consolidated Banking Act 
or a resolution (risoluzione) pursuant to Legislative 
Decree no. 180 of 16 November 2015) occurs in 
respect of the Issuer; 
(e) 
a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act is issued in respect of the Issuer; 
and the Representative of the Bondholders will serve a notice 
(the Issuer Default Notice) on the Issuer and the Guarantor 
that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred, specifying, in 
case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under point (e) 
above, that the Issuer Event of Default may be temporary. 
Upon the service of an Issuer Default Notice:

--- Page 26 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
26 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against 
the Issuer and they will rank pari passu amongst 
themselves against the Issuer, provided that such 
events shall not trigger an acceleration against the 
Guarantor; 
(b) 
interest and principal falling due on the Covered Bonds 
will be payable by the Guarantor, subject to and in 
accordance with the terms of the Guarantee and the 
Guarantee Priority of Payments at the time and in the 
manner provided under the Conditions (including, to 
the extent applicable, Condition 8(b) (Extension of 
maturity)); 
(c) 
the covered Bonds will become immediately due and 
payable at their Early Termination Amount, together 
with any accrued interest by the Issuer and will rank 
pari passu among themselves, if so resolved by a 
Programme Resolution; and 
(d) 
the Amortisation Test shall be applied in addition to the 
Mandatory Tests; 
(e) 
the provisions governing the Segregation Events shall 
apply, 
provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred 
to under point (e) above, the effects listed in items from (a) to 
(e) above will only apply for as long as the suspension of 
payments will be in force and effect and accordingly (A) the 
Guarantor, in accordance with the Securitisation and Covered 
Bonds Law, shall be responsible for the payments of the 
amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds during the 
suspension period and (B) at the end of the suspension period, 
the Issuer shall be responsible for meeting the payment 
obligations under the Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance 
of doubts, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be 
deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer). 
Please also see Condition 11.2 (Issuer Events of Default). 
Guarantor Event of 
Default 
A Guarantor Event of Default will occur if: 
(a) 
default is made by the Guarantor for a period of 7 days 
or more in the payment by the Guarantor of any 
amounts due for payment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds of any Series; or

--- Page 27 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
27 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
there is a breach of the Amortisation Test on any 
Calculation Date; 
(c) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Guarantor; 
(d) 
default is made in the performance by the Guarantor of 
any material obligation (other than any obligation for 
the payment of principal, redemption amount or 
interest in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series 
and/or any obligation to ensure compliance of the 
Cover Pool with the Tests) under the provisions of the 
Covered Bonds of any Series or any other Transaction 
Document to which the Guarantor is a party which, 
unless certified by the Representative of the 
Bondholders, in its sole opinion, to be incapable of 
remedy shall continue for more than 30 days or such 
longer period as the Representative of the Bondholders 
may permit, after written notification requiring such 
default to be remedied and indicating that this 
provision may be invoked if it is not so remedied, shall 
have been given to the Guarantor by the Representative 
of the Bondholders, 
then the Representative of the Bondholders will serve a notice 
(the Guarantor Default Notice) on the Guarantor that a 
Guarantor Event of Default has occurred, unless the 
Representative of the Bondholders, having exercised its 
discretion, resolves otherwise or a Programme Resolution is 
passed resolving otherwise. 
After the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, unless a 
Programme Resolution is passed resolving otherwise, all 
Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding will become 
immediately due and payable by the Guarantor at their Early 
Termination Amount together with any accrued interest and 
will rank pari passu among themselves in accordance with the 
Post-enforcement Priority of Payments. For the avoidance of 
doubt if a Guarantor Event of Default ever occurs with respect 
to a Series only, each other Series of Covered Bonds will cross 
accelerate at the same time against the Guarantor, becoming 
due and payable, and they will rank pari passu amongst 
themselves. 
For a detailed description, see Condition 11.3 (Guarantor 
Events of Default).

--- Page 28 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
28 
 
 
 
 
THE TESTS 
For an overview of the Tests, see paragraphs “Mandatory 
Tests”, “Asset Coverage Test” and “Amortisation Test” of 
section “Structure Overview”. 
For a detailed description of the Tests, see paragraph “Tests”of 
section “Credit Structure” below. 
Liquidity Buffer 
Requirement 
Pursuant to article 7-duodecies of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bonds Law and with the Bank of Italy Regulations, 
the Issuer shall ensure that, on a continuing basis, the amount 
of Liquid Assets comprised in the Cover Pool is equal to or 
higher than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow 
of the Programme over the next 180 days, provided that, for 
the purposes of calculating the Net Liquidity Outflows, the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds shall be 
deemed to be due on the relevant Extended Final Maturity 
Date (where applicable) and not on the relevant Final Maturity 
Date (the Liquidity Buffer Requirement). 
In order to ensure the compliance of the Cover Pool with the 
Liquidity Buffer Requirement, the Seller (and/or the 
Additional Seller (if any)) shall: 
(a) 
prior to an Issuer Event of Default (i) sell Liquid Assets 
to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement, and/or (ii) repurchase assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool (other than Liquid Assets) 
pursuant to clause 12 of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement; or 
(b) 
following an Issuer Event of Default, sell (through the 
Portfolio Manager) Selected Assets in accordance with 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
It is understood that, in accordance with article 7-undecies, 
paragraph 2, letter c), of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds 
Law, the Liquid Assets comprised in the Cover Pool shall be 
considered to contribute to the Eligible Cover Pool, provided 
that such assets satisfy the requirements to qualify as eligible 
assets set forth in article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter a), of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law. 
Integration Limits 
For the purposes of article 129 of the CRR, the aggregate 
amount of the Substitution Assets and the Liquid Assets 
included in the Cover Pool shall not be in excess of the 
Integration Limits.

--- Page 29 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
29 
 
 
 
 
In order to ensure the compliance of the Cover Pool with the 
Integration Limits: 
(a) 
the Seller (and/or the Additional Seller (if any)) may: 
(i) 
sell Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets to the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement; and/or 
(ii) 
repurchase 
Substitution 
Assets 
and/or 
Liquid Assets pursuant to clause 12 of the 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement; 
and/or 
(b) 
the Guarantor may repay any Term Loan outstanding 
under the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement in 
accordance with the Pre-Issuer Default Principal 
Priority of Payments.    
It is understood that any Substitution Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets in excess of the Integration Limits would not be 
computed for the purposes of the calculation of the Tests 
pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement.

--- Page 30 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
30 
 
 
 
 
THE GUARANTOR AND THE GUARANTEE 
Guarantee 
Payments of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered 
Bonds when Due for Payment will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The Guarantor shall 
fulfil, within the limits of the Cover Pool, the Issuer’s 
obligations towards the Bondholders in case of compulsory 
liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or, to the 
greatest extent permissible by law and without prejudice to 
Condition 11.2(iv), resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer or 
following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice to the Issuer 
and the Guarantor, or, if earlier, following the delivery of a 
Guarantor Default Notice to the Guarantor. The obligations of 
the Guarantor will accelerate with respect to all Guaranteed 
Amounts once the Guarantor Default Notice has been 
delivered to the Guarantor. The obligations of the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee constitute direct obligations of the 
Guarantor backed by the Cover Pool and recourse against the 
Guarantor is limited to such assets. 
For further details, see “Description of the Transaction 
Documents - Guarantee”. 
Cover Pool 
The Guarantee will be backed by the Cover Pool constituted 
by (i) the Portfolios comprised of Receivables and related 
collateral assigned to the Guarantor by the Seller (and/or any 
Additional Seller(s), if any, as the case may be), in accordance 
with the terms of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement 
and (ii) any other Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and 
Liquid Assets held by the Guarantor with respect to the 
Covered Bonds and the proceeds thereof which will, inter alia, 
comprise the funds generated by the Eligible Assets, the 
Substitution Assets and the Liquid Assets including, without 
limitation, funds generated by the sale of assets from the Cover 
Pool and funds paid in the context of a liquidation of the Issuer. 
For further details, see “Description of the Cover Pool”. 
Limited recourse 
The obligations of the Guarantor to the Bondholders and, in 
general, to the Seller (and/or any Additional Seller(s), if any) 
and other creditors will be limited recourse obligations of the 
Guarantor. The Bondholders, the Seller (and/or any Additional 
Seller(s), if any) and such other creditors will have a claim 
against the Guarantor only to the extent of the Guarantor 
Available Funds subject to the relevant Priority of Payments, 
in each case subject to, and as provided for in, the Guarantee 
and the other Transaction Documents.

--- Page 31 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
31 
 
 
 
 
Term Loans 
The Seller (and each Additional Seller(s) (if any)) will grant to 
the Guarantor a Term Loan for the purpose of (i) funding the 
purchase of Eligible Assets from the Seller (and the Additional 
Seller(s) (if any)) pursuant to the terms of the relevant Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement, and/or (ii) funding the 
purchase of Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets (if transferred 
for the purpose of ensuring the compliance of the Cover Pool 
with the Tests) and/or Liquid Assets pursuant to the terms of 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement. Should a Term Loan 
be advanced for the purpose of purchasing Eligible Assets to 
serve the Cover Pool for a future issuance of a Corresponding 
Series of Covered Bonds, upon the issuance of the relevant 
corresponding Series of Covered Bonds (the Conversion 
Date), such Term Loan shall be converted into a Converted 
Loan. Starting from the Conversion Date, (i) the Converted 
Loan shall accrue interest on its principal amount outstanding 
at a rate equal to the interest accruing on the corresponding 
Series of Covered Bonds and the interest periods applicable to 
such Converted Loan will match the Interest Periods 
applicable to the corresponding Series of Covered Bonds. The 
Guarantor will pay interest on each Converted Loan and/or 
Premium in respect of each Term Loan but will have no 
liability to gross up for withholding Taxes. Payments from the 
Guarantor to the Seller (and each Additional Seller(s), if any) 
under the Term Loans and the Converted Loans will be limited 
recourse and subordinated and paid in accordance with the 
Priorities of Payments to the extent the Guarantor has available 
funds, provided that any extra available fund will be used to 
repay the Term Loans. 
For further details, see “Description of the Transaction 
Documents – Subordinated Loan Agreement”. 
Excess Assets and 
support for further 
issues 
Any Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and Liquid Assets 
forming part of the Cover Pool which are in excess of the value 
of the Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and Liquid Assets 
required to satisfy the Tests and the Liquidity Buffer 
Requirement may be repurchased by the Seller (or the relevant 
Additional Seller(s), if any) in accordance with the provisions 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement and the relevant 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
For further details, see “Description of the Transaction 
Documents - The Cover Pool Management Agreement”. 
Segregation of 
Guarantor’s rights and 
collateral 
The Covered Bonds benefit from the provisions of article 7-
octies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, pursuant

--- Page 32 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
32 
 
 
 
 
to which the Cover Pool is segregated by operation of law from 
the Guarantor’s other assets. 
In accordance with article 7-octies of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bonds Law, prior to and following a winding-up of 
the Guarantor and an Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor 
Event of Default causing the Guarantee to be called, proceeds 
of the Cover Pool paid to the Guarantor will be exclusively 
available for the purpose of satisfying the obligations owed to 
the Bondholders, to the Other Guarantor Creditors as set out in 
the Intercreditor Agreement and to any third-party creditors of 
the Guarantor in respect of costs, fees and expenses incurred 
by the Guarantor in relation to the Programme. 
The Cover Pool may not be seized or attached in any form by 
creditors of the Guarantor other than the entities referred to 
above, until full discharge by the Guarantor of its payment 
obligations under the Guarantee or cancellation thereof. 
Cross-collateralisation 
Each Eligible Asset, Substitution Asset and Liquid Asset 
transferred from the Sellers to the Guarantor or otherwise 
acquired by the Guarantor will from time to time form the 
collateral supporting the Guarantee pari passu and pro rata in 
respect of all Series of Covered Bonds. 
Claim under the 
Guarantee 
The Representative of the Bondholders, for and on behalf of 
the Bondholders, may submit a claim to the Guarantor and 
make a demand under the Guarantee in the case of an Issuer 
Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default or enforce the 
Guarantee if so instructed by the Bondholders. 
Guarantor cross default 
Where 
a 
Guarantor 
Event of 
Default 
occurs, 
the 
Representative of the Bondholders will serve upon the 
Guarantor a Guarantor Default Notice, thereby accelerating 
the Guarantee in respect of each Series of outstanding Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. However, an Issuer Event 
of Default will not automatically give rise to a Guarantor Event 
of Default. 
For further details, see Condition 11.3 (Guarantor Events of 
Default). 
Disposal of assets 
included in the Cover 
Pool 
After the service of a Breach of Tests Notice on the Guarantor, 
the Guarantor may, or following an Issuer Default Notice or a 
Guarantor Default Notice shall, sell the Eligible Assets, the 
Substitution Assets and/or the Liquid Assets in the Cover Pool 
in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement, 
subject to the right of pre-emption in favour of the Issuer in 
respect of such Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or

--- Page 33 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
33 
 
 
 
 
Liquid Assets. The proceeds from any such sale will be 
credited to the Transaction Account and applied as set out in 
the applicable Priority of Payments. 
For further details, see Condition 11.3 (Guarantor Events of 
Default). 
Actions of the 
Representative of the 
Bondholders 
Each holder of the Covered Bonds, by purchasing any Covered 
Bond, shall be deemed to agree, and each of the Other 
Guarantor Creditors will acknowledge pursuant to the 
Intercreditor Agreement, that the Representative of the 
Bondholders shall not be bound to make any claim on the 
Guarantor or make a demand under the Guarantee in the case 
of an Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default or 
enforce the Guarantee if so instructed by the Bondholders or 
exercise any rights granted under the mandate conferred on it 
under the Mandate Agreement or the Intercreditor Agreement 
or exercise any other discretion or power unless, in each case, 
it has been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction 
against all actions, proceedings, claims and demands to which 
it may thereby render itself liable and all costs, charges, 
damages and expenses which it may incur by so doing. 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be liable in 
respect of any loss, liability, claim, expense or damage 
suffered or incurred by any holder of the Covered Bonds or by 
any Other Guarantor Creditor as a result of the performance of 
its duties save where such loss, liability, claim, expense or 
damage is suffered or incurred as a result of gross negligence 
(colpa grave), wilful default (dolo) or fraud (frode) of the 
Representative of the Bondholders. 
SALE AND DISTRIBUTION 
Distribution 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis, subject to the restrictions to be set forth in the 
Programme Agreement. 
Each Series of Covered Bonds issued will be denominated in 
a currency in respect of which particular laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply and 
will only be issued in circumstances which comply with such 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time. There are restrictions on the 
offer, sale and transfer of Covered Bonds in the United States, 
the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Japan. 
Other restrictions may apply in connection with the offering

--- Page 34 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
34 
 
 
 
 
and sale of a particular Series of Covered Bonds. For further 
details, see section “Subscription and Sale” below.

--- Page 35 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
35 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the following factors may affect their ability 
to fulfil their obligations under the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Most of these 
factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. In addition, factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme are also described below. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the 
principal risks inherent in investing in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but 
the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Covered Bonds may occur for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer nor the Guarantor based on information currently available to 
them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also 
read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and reach their own views 
prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below or 
elsewhere in this Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. 
1. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Risks related to the impact of global macro-economic factors 
Risks related to the impact of global macro-economic factors and the consequences arising 
from the continuation of the Russia-Ukraine conflict 
The performance of the Banco BPM Group is influenced by: Italian and EU-wide 
macroeconomic conditions, the conditions of the financial markets in general, and in particular, 
by the stability and trends in the economies of those geographical areas in which Banco BPM 
conducts its activity. The earning capacity and solvency of the Banco BPM Group are affected, 
inter alia, by factors such as investor perception, long-term and short-term interest rate 
fluctuations, exchange rates, liquidity of financial markets, availability and costs of funding, 
sustainability of sovereign debt, family incomes and consumer spending, unemployment 
levels, inflation and property prices. Adverse changes in these factors, especially during times 
of economic and financial crisis, could result in potential losses, an increase in the Issuer’s 
and/or the Banco BPM Group’s borrowing costs, or a reduction in value of its assets, with 
possible negative effects on the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the 
Issuer and/or the Banco BPM Group. 
During the course of 2022, the global growth outlook deteriorated gradually but significantly. 
This was due to the sharp increase in inflationary dynamics, which was aggravated in Europe 
by the outbreak  in the first months of 2022  of the war in Ukraine, which triggered a serious 
continental energy crisis. In fact, on 24 February 2022, Russia announced a military operation 
in the Donbass, initiating an invasion of Ukraine. 
In addition, the disruptive effects of the Covid-19 pandemic on global supply chains became 
more apparent in the first half of 2022. Finally, the widespread and aggressive monetary 
tightening adopted to counter some inflationary pressures and the significant erosion of

--- Page 36 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
36 
 
 
household purchasing power in the face of sharp price increases exacerbated the growth 
slowdown. 
The Euro area economy, which is heavily dependent on Russian gas supplies, felt the impact 
of the Russia-Ukraine conflict at various times during 2022, also following the adoption of 
trade sanctions against Russia. The confluence of risks, the sharp increase in energy costs 
caused by the energy crisis and the resulting high price dynamics weighed on businesses and 
consumers, pushing the area onto a path of lower growth and higher consumer inflation. As a 
result, the annual inflation rate in the Euro area rose in the course of 2022, only to slow down 
slightly in the last quarter. 
The Italian economy suffered to a relatively greater extent than other Euro area economies from 
the economic shock caused by the rise in energy and basic commodity prices: indeed, after 
sustained growth in the central quarters of 2022, household consumption fell in the last part of 
the year, as the marked rise in consumer prices had a negative impact on disposable income. 
2022 also saw an important and sudden reversal by the central banks (the Federal Reserve 
System and the European Central Bank (the ECB)) regarding the monetary policies of the 
major western economies, which radically opted for restrictive monetary policies to curb rising 
inflation. 
In March 2023, volatility in the international financial markets increased abruptly following a 
series of events in the US banking sector. The most important of these was the failure of Silicon 
Valley Bank, which was declared insolvent on 10 March 2023 after it failed to cover losses on 
a large sale of securities, leading to a collapse in its share price and a huge outflow of deposits. 
Almost simultaneously, two other smaller US banks - Silvergate Bank and Signature Bank - 
also failed. Then, in the week of 13 March 2023, the Swiss bank Credit Suisse (which had been 
experiencing some difficulties for years that were already known to markets and regulators) 
was hit by a crisis of confidence that caused its share price to fall sharply on the stock markets. 
The combination of these events fuelled fears of contagion and led to a sudden increase in risk 
aversion in global financial markets. Substantial falls, which were later largely reversed, also 
affected bank share prices in the euro area. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group does 
not have investments in any of the aforementioned counterparties. 
The afore-mentioned uncertain outlook for the Euro area economy is likely to affect the Group's 
budget estimates, as they require a selection of assumptions and hypotheses that may not be 
confirmed by actual future developments. 
The increase in official interest rates has therefore been passed on to the cost of Italian bank 
loans in 2022. Indeed, an increase in interest rates can be observed both for outstanding 
amounts and for new loans to households and enterprises. In December 2022, the interest rate 
on new Italian banks’ Euro loans to households for house purchases was 3.09% (1.40% in 
December 2021). The average rate on new Italian banks’ Euro loans to non-financial 
corporations rose to 3.44% at the end of 2022, from 1.18% at the end of 2021. In contrast, in 
December 2022, the weighted average rate on Italian banks’ total loans to households and non-
financial corporations was 3.22% (2.13% in December 2021).  
In this context, it should be noted that the direct impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict on Banco 
BPM Group is not material, as it has no operations in Russia or Ukraine and no significant 
credit exposure to customers domiciled in these countries or indirectly related to Russian or 
Ukrainian counterparties. As at 31 December 2022, these exposures are entirely represented by

--- Page 37 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
37 
 
 
loans. In fact, the Group's exposure represented by securities has been reduced to zero as of 
March 2022, with the sale of the only Russian government bond for a nominal value of Euro 2 
million, which resulted in an insignificant loss (Euro 0.1 million). 
In addition, a number of uncertainties remain in the current macroeconomic environment, 
namely: (a) the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on global growth and individual countries 
(see the preceding paragraphs); (b) confirmation of growth trend, or recovery and consolidation 
perspectives, for the US and Chinese economies, which have shown consistent progresses in 
recent years but have recently lost momentum; (c) the ECB, in the Euro area, and the Federal 
Reserve System’s, in the US, monetary policy effectiveness and their future developments, 
adverse future developments in the Dollar area, policies implemented by other countries aimed 
at promoting their currencies’ competitive devaluations; (d) sovereign debt sustainability of 
certain countries and the related recurring tensions on the financial markets; (e) risks related to 
a high increase of inflation; and (f) international banking system crisis. 
All of these factors, in particular in times of economic and financial crisis, could result in 
potential losses, an increase in the Issuer’s and/or the Banco BPM Group’s borrowing costs, or 
a reduction in value of its assets, with possible negative effects on the business, financial 
conditions and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or the Banco BPM Group. 
Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuer and the Group 
Risks related to the Strategic Plan 
On 4 November 2021 the Board of Directors of Banco BPM approved a strategic plan, 
containing the strategic that defines the new objectives of Banco BPM for the time period of 
2021-2024 (the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan). 
The 2021-2024 Strategic Plan shows, in qualitative and quantitative terms, the strategies of 
Banco BPM and contains a set of hypotheses, estimates, projections and forecasts regarding 
the developments of the patrimonial, economic and financial figures based on the occurrence 
of future events and actions to be adopted by the management and the Board of Directors of 
Banco BPM, in the period of 2021-2024. 
Such hypotheses estimates and forecasts are based on hypothetical assumptions of various 
nature, and are subject (among others) to the risks and uncertainties, including those of a 
geopolitical nature relating to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, that characterise both the evolution 
of the macroeconomic scenario and the evolution of the legal and regulatory framework, and 
that relate to future events and actions which the Board of Directors and the management 
cannot, in whole or in part, influence, in relation to the performance of the principal financial 
and economic figures or other factors affecting such performance.  
Strictly connected to the strategic risk is the commercial risk understood as the actual and 
prospective risk associated with the failure to achieve the objectives of volume and economic 
results due to the ineffectiveness of the actions taken by the Issuer’s management and Board 
of Directors and/or thanks to adverse market conditions. 
It should be noted that Banco BPM Group regularly monitors exposure to strategic risk and 
commercial risk, including through the calculation of an economic capital using an internally 
developed model, the results of which are accounted for in the integrated risk report that is

--- Page 38 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
38 
 
 
presented to the Risk Committee on a monthly basis and to the corporate bodies on a quarterly 
basis. 
Therefore, the Group is exposed to the risk that it may be unable to implement part or all of its 
strategy or that it may be unable to implement part or all of such strategy within the timeframe 
expected, that the assumptions on which the Group based its forecasts and strategy may be 
incorrect or that the strategy may not achieve the results expected; this may, in turn, have 
negative effects on the business, financial conditions and/or results of operations of the Issuer 
and/or the Banco BPM Group. 
For further information, please refer to the section entitled “Description of the Issuer and the 
Group - Strategy”. 
Risks related to legal proceedings and inspections by Supervisory Authorities 
The Banco BPM Group is subject to litigation in the ordinary course of its business, including 
civil and administrative legal proceedings, as well as several arbitration and tax proceedings. 
See “Description of the Issuer and the Group – Legal Proceedings of the Group”. Negative 
outcomes in such proceedings or in any investigation by the supervisory authority may create 
liabilities which reduce the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations.  
Given the complexity of the relevant circumstances and corporate transactions underlying these 
proceedings, together with the issues relating to the interpretation of applicable law, it is 
inherently difficult to estimate the potential liability to which the Banco BPM Group may be 
exposed when such proceedings are decided. 
The Issuer considers that it has made appropriate provision in its consolidated financial 
statements to cover the possible losses that could arise from legal proceedings or other pending 
disputes, also taking into account indications provided by external legal counsel.  
With regard to the diamonds sales activity carried out by a specialized third party company, 
the Intermarket Diamond Business S.p.A. (the IDB), in the course of 2022 the new complaints 
related to the proceedings by the Italian Antitrust Authority (AGCM) were limited both in 
number and in overall additional petitum (equal to approximately Euro 3.2 million). As of 31 
December 2022, as a result of the settlement activity through transactions or of a final sentence, 
complaints and disputes have been defined for a total petitum approximately equal to Euro 
636.8 million against claims that at the same date amounted to a total of approximately Euro 
718.4 million. It should also be noted that on 16 February 2023, the Public Prosecutor of 
Verona ordered the release of the sum of Euro 80.3 million in favour of the Bank. At this stage, 
the Public Prosecutor's Office has decided to withhold the remaining amount of approximately 
Euro 3.5 million as a precautionary measure. 
The Banco BPM Group is managing the clients’ complaints and litigation arising from such 
reporting activity through a dedicated task force and the provisions set forth in the 2022 Annual 
Financial Statements. 
For further information please see further the paragraph in this Prospectus headed “Legal 
Proceedings of the Group – Ongoing Legal and Administrative Proceedings – Proceedings 
related to the diamonds reporting activities” and “10.6.3 Other Provisions – other” on pages 
312 – 314 of the 2021 Annual Financial Statements and “10.6.3 Other Provisions – other” on 
pages 338 – 341 of the 2022 Annual Financial Statements, each incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus.

--- Page 39 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
39 
 
 
There can be no assurance that legal proceedings which are not included in these provisions 
would not give rise to additional liabilities in the future, nor that the amounts already set aside 
in these provisions will be sufficient to fully cover the possible losses deriving from these 
proceedings if the outcome is worse than expected. This could have a material adverse effect 
on the business, financial conditions or results of operations of the Issuer and/or of the Banco 
BPM Group. The Banco BPM Group is furthermore subject, in the course of its ordinary 
activities, to inspections by the supervisory authority that could require organisational 
interventions or the strengthening of internal functions which are aimed at addressing 
weaknesses that have been identified during inspections which might, furthermore, result in 
sanction proceedings being brought against officers of the Issuer. 
In addition, the Banco BPM Group is regularly subject to enquiries and inspections by the ECB 
in its capacity as the Bank’s supervisory authority and other supervisory authorities in the 
ordinary course of its business. For additional information on pending inspections, see 
“Description of the Issuer and the Group – Inspection activities and proceedings conducted by 
the ECB, Bank of Italy and CONSOB on Banco BPM S.p.A.”. The outcomes of any such 
enquiries and inspections may lead to organisational interventions and the Banco BPM Group 
may be required to implement certain measures aimed at rectifying any shortcomings detected 
during such enquiries and inspections. A supervisory authority may also take a range of 
disciplinary actions against the representatives of the Issuer with administrative, management 
or control functions.  
Compliance with any measures required by a supervisory authority may require the Banco 
BPM Group to take actions which have, and any sanction imposed by a supervisory authority 
may have, a potentially negative effect on the Group’s business, financial condition or results 
of operations. 
Risks related to deferred tax assets 
Deferred tax assets (DTAs) and liabilities are recognised in Banco BPM’s consolidated 
financial statements according to accounting principle IAS 12. As of 31 December 2022, DTAs 
amounted in aggregate to Euro 4,357.3 million, of which Euro 2,278.2 million may be 
converted into tax credits pursuant to Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011 (Law 214/2011).  
The recognition of DTAs not convertible into tax credits and the subsequent maintenance in 
the balance sheet entails a probability test as to their potential recoverability, which must also 
consider the tax regulations in force at the date of preparation of the financial statements. The 
probability test must be based on reasonable income forecast taken from approved strategic 
plans and projections, also considering that, for income tax purposes, tax regulations permit 
tax losses to be carried forward without any time limit. 
As a result, the recoverability of the DTAs not convertible into tax assets may be negatively 
influenced by changes in the tax regulations and in the accounting principles in force, which 
cannot be forecast at present. For further information on (i) DTAs, see Section 11 of Part B 
“Information on the Consolidated Balance Sheet” of the 2022 Annual Financial Statements, 
(ii) the timing for the expected recovery of DTAs, see section “Notes to the consolidated 
financial statements” paragraph “Estimating the recoverability of deferred tax assets” in the 
2022 Annual Financial Statements, each incorporated by reference in this Prospectus.

--- Page 40 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
40 
 
 
Risks Related to Sanctions 
The Banco BPM Group has clients and partners located in a number of different jurisdictions. 
The Group is therefore required to comply with sanctions regimes in the jurisdictions in which 
it operates. In particular, the Group must comply or may in the future be required to comply 
with economic sanctions imposed by the United Nations, the European Union, the United 
Kingdom and the United States on certain countries, in each case to the extent applicable, and 
these regimes are subject to change, which cannot be predicted. Such sanctions may limit the 
ability of the Group to continue to transact with clients or to maintain commercial relations 
with counterparties which may fall under economic sanctions and/or counterparties that are 
located in sanctioned countries. The risk has been recently exacerbated by the Russian invasion 
of Ukraine and the ensuing sanctions enacted by, inter alia, the United States, the European 
Union and the United Kingdom. See also “Risks related to the impact of global macro-
economic factors and the consequences arising from the continuation of the Russia-Ukraine 
conflict”. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Group has limited commercial relationships with certain 
counterparties located in sanctioned countries, but these are carried out in compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations. In addition, and on the basis of advice obtained from an 
independent third party consultant, the Group regularly upgrades its dedicated procedures to 
enhance and monitor compliance with sanctions in the various countries in which it operates. 
However, were the counterparties of the Group, or the Group itself, to be affected by sanctions 
investigations and/or by sanctions, the investigation costs, remediation required and/or 
payment or other legal liability incurred could potentially negatively affect Banco BPM’s net 
assets and net results. Such an adverse outcome could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s reputation and business, results of operations or financial condition. 
Risks related to the ratings assigned to the Issuer 
The ratings assigned to the Issuer by the main international rating agencies are an indication of 
the credit ratings of the Issuer itself and the outlook represents the parameter which indicates 
the expected trend in the near future, of the ratings assigned to the Issuer. However, such 
indications may not properly reflect developments in the solvency position of the Issuer and 
the Banco BPM Group. In addition, ratings assigned to the Issuer may be influenced by 
developments in the rating assigned to Italy’s sovereign debt and the Italian macroeconomic 
conditions. Any deterioration in the Italian sovereign debt rating or in the Italian 
macroeconomic condition may lead to a downgrade of the Issuer’s ratings, which could in turn 
cause adverse effects on the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the 
Issuer and/or of the Banco BPM Group. 
Any reduction of the rating levels assigned to the Issuer could have a negative effect on the 
opportunities for the Issuer and for the Banco BPM Group to access the various liquidity 
instruments and could lead to an increase in funding costs or require the constitution of 
additional collateral guarantees for the purpose of accessing liquidity. This may cause adverse 
effects on the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or of 
the Banco BPM Group.

--- Page 41 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
41 
 
 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activities and industry 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk that debtors may not fulfil their obligations or that their credit rating may 
suffer a deterioration (such debtors include the counterparties of financial transactions 
involving OTC (over the counter) derivatives traded outside of regulated markets) or that the 
Banco BPM Group’s companies grant credit that they would not otherwise have granted, or 
would have granted upon different terms, on the basis of information that is untruthful, 
incomplete or inaccurate. Credit risk includes (i) counterparty risk and (ii) risks connected to 
the deterioration of the credit quality. 
A number of factors affect a bank’s credit risk in relation to individual credit exposures or for 
its entire loan book. These include the trend in general economic conditions or those in specific 
sectors, changes in the rating of individual counterparties, deterioration in the competitive 
position of counterparties, poor management on the part of firms or counterparties given lines 
of credit, and other external factors, also of a legal and regulatory nature. 
The deterioration of the creditworthiness of major customers and, more generally, any defaults 
or repayment irregularities, the launch of bankruptcy proceedings by counterparties, the 
reduction of the economic value of guarantees received and/or the inability to execute the said 
guarantees successfully and/or in a timely manner, as well as any errors in assessing customers’ 
creditworthiness – which may be also due to ineffectiveness of the Group’s risk management 
methodologies, assessments and processes – could have a material negative effect on the 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or the Banco BPM 
Group. 
a) Risks connected to the deterioration of the credit quality 
The Banco BPM Group is subject to credit risk. The Banco BPM Group’s policies for 
managing and controlling the quality of the loan portfolio, and the associated risks, are based 
on rules of sound and prudent management. The policies are implemented through the 
processes of distributing, managing and monitoring credit risks that varied according to the 
circumstances of the market, business sector and characteristics of each borrower. The loan 
portfolio is closely monitored on a continuous basis in order to promptly identify any signs of 
imbalance and to take corrective measures aimed at preventing any deterioration. 
The recent crisis in the financial markets and the global economic slowdown have reduced and 
may further reduce, also as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the disposable income of 
households, as well as the profitability of companies and/or adversely affect the ability of bank 
customers to honour their commitments, resulting in a significant deterioration in credit quality 
in the areas of activity of the Issuer. 
The coverage of the non-performing exposures of the Banco BPM Group as at 31 December 
2022 was equal to 50.6%. The coverage of the bad loans of the Banco BPM Group as at 31 
December 2022 was equal to 64.8%. 
Banco BPM Group’s net non-performing loans, as of 31 December 2022, amounted to Euro 
2.4 billion, with a decrease of Euro 0.9 billion or 27.8%, as compared to 31 December 2021, 
and represented 2.2% of Banco BPM Group’s total net loans.

--- Page 42 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
42 
 
 
In addition, the Group’s gross NPL ratio was equal to 4.2% as of 31 December 2022, as 
compared to 5.6% as of 31 December 2021. In this respect, on 20 March 2017, the ECB 
published the “Guidance to banks on non-performing loans”. These guidelines address the 
main aspects of the management of non-performing loans, spanning from the definition of the 
NPL strategy and of the operational plan to the NPL governance and operations, meanwhile 
providing several recommendations and best practices which will drive in the future, the ECB’s 
expectations. To this end, the Group constantly monitors the gross NPL ratio reduction target, 
as from time to time agreed with the competent supervising authorities. See also “Risks related 
to the disposal of non-performing loans” below. 
Even though the Banco BPM Group periodically makes provisions to cover potential losses, 
on the basis of its experience and statistics, the Banco BPM Group may have to increase these 
provisions further should there be a rise in bad loans or an increasing number of the Banco 
BPM Group’s debtors subject to insolvency proceedings (including bankruptcy or creditors’ 
composition). In addition, provisioning may have to increase on the basis of the Prudential 
Backstop Regulation (as defined below, see also “Regulatory – Regulatory Measures on 
NPLs”). In this regard, any significant increase in the provisions for non-performing exposures, 
change in the estimates of credit risk, or any losses that exceed the level of the provisions 
already made, could have a negative impact on the business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations of the Issuer and/or the Banco BPM Group. 
b) Counterparty risk 
In the conduct of its operations, the Banco BPM Group is exposed to counterparty risk. 
Counterparty risk is the risk that a counterparty of a transaction (including operations in 
derivatives and repurchase agreements) involving particular financial instruments may default 
before the transaction is settled. The Banco BPM Group trades derivative contracts with a wide 
variety of underlying assets and instruments, including interest rates, exchange rates, equity 
indices, commodities and loans, with counterparties from the financial services sector, 
commercial banks, government entities, financial and insurance firms, investment banks, funds 
and other institutional clients as well as with non-institutional clients. 
Transactions in derivatives and repurchase transactions expose the Banco BPM Group to the 
risk that the counterparty defaults or becomes insolvent before settlement or expiry of the 
transaction, where the Issuer or other Banco BPM Group company has an outstanding claim 
against such counterparty, in addition to market risks and operational risks.  
The Banco BPM Group has specific policies and procedures for identifying, monitoring and 
managing these types of risk. Any breach by the counterparties of the obligations they assume 
under derivative or repurchase contracts they have made with the Issuer or other companies of 
the Banco BPM Group, and/or the realisation or liquidation of such collateral as they have 
provided that delivers a lower value than expected, may result in adverse effects on the 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or of the Banco BPM 
Group. 
c) Risks relating to the real estate market 
The Banco BPM Group is exposed to the real estate sector, as it is a lender to companies in the 
real estate sector, and to real estate investment funds, whose cash flows are mainly, or 
exclusively, backed by proceeds deriving from the construction, lease and/or sale of real estate.

--- Page 43 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
43 
 
 
The “real estate sector” includes loans to construction and real estate companies/economic 
groups, to real estate investment funds and to private individuals (in the form of mortgage loans 
or finance leases to buy a house), together with loans to companies categorised within this 
sector but whose core business is not real estate (indotto immobiliare) as well as to companies 
in the public infrastructure construction sector.  
The real estate sector has been particularly affected by the economic and financial crisis 
resulting in a fall in asset prices as well as in the number of transactions, accompanied by an 
increase in the cost of funding and greater difficulties in obtaining access to credit. 
Consequently, companies operating in the real estate sector have experienced a decrease in 
transactions both in terms of volumes and margins, an increase in financial expenses, as well 
as greater difficulties in refinancing their debt. The past economic dynamic and the COVID-
19 pandemic, could increase the bankruptcy rate of both individual and corporate borrowers of 
the Banco BPM Group, resulting in defaults in the payment of lease and/or mortgage 
instalments. 
In this scenario, falling prices in the real estate market could adversely affect the Banco BPM 
Group, both directly as a result of the impact on customers operating in this sector, and 
indirectly as a result of the fall in the value of real estate properties posted as collateral for 
loans granted by the Banco BPM Group. 
The Banco BPM Group has put procedures in place to handle and monitor the risk of default 
by the borrowers and is supported, where appropriate, by external and internal experts to 
evaluate any real estate projects and any exposure to the real estate sector is subject to increased 
capital requirements imposed by the Bank of Italy or the ECB. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
any further deterioration of the real estate market conditions or of the economic and financial 
conditions in general and/or fall in the value of real estate properties placed as collateral could 
adversely affect the debt servicing ability of the Banco BPM Group’s borrowers and, in turn, 
have a negative adverse impact on the business, financial conditions and/or results of 
operations of the Issuer and/or of the Banco BPM Group. 
Risks related to the disposal of non-performing loans 
As the Group is among the largest banking groups in Italy, the ECB highlighted the need for 
the Banco BPM Group to accelerate the reduction of non-performing loans including bad loans, 
unlikely to pay (UTP) and past due (together, NPLs), and requested the preparation of a clear 
action plan for reducing NPLs and increasing the average coverage ratios of NPLs. 
It is possible that additional disposals will take place. Further, in accordance with the terms and 
results of the disposals undertaken to reduce the number of NPLs, the Issuer can give no 
assurance that no further adjustments to the income statement in respect of the value of the 
loans will be made, on account of the difference between the value at which the NPLs are 
recorded in the balance sheet of banks, and the price which investors specialised in “distressed 
debt” management are prepared to pay for the acquisition of the same, in view of the returns 
that such investors consider achievable. Such adjustments may have a material negative impact 
on the finances, assets and business of the Banco BPM Group. 
Risks related to the exposure to sovereign debt  
Despite the several initiatives of supranational organisations to deal with the heightened 
sovereign debt crisis in the Euro Area, the global markets remain characterised by high

--- Page 44 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
44 
 
 
uncertainty and volatility. Any further acceleration of the European sovereign debt crisis is 
likely to significantly affect, among other things, the recoverability and quality of the sovereign 
debt securities held by the Group as well as the financial resources of the Group’s clients 
holding similar securities.  
The ECB’s unconventional policy (including public sector, covered bond and ABS purchase 
programme and provision of liquidity via Targeted Longer-Term Refinancing Operations 
(TLTRO)) has contributed to ease market tensions, limiting the refinancing risk for the 
banking system and leading to a tightening of credit spreads. The possibility that the ECB could 
halt or reconsider the current set up of unconventional measures, as recent developments have 
shown, would impact negatively the value of sovereign debt instruments. This would have a 
materially negative impact on the Group’s business, results and financial position.  
The Group is exposed to government bonds and, in particular, Italian government bonds. As at 
31 December 2022, the Group’s total exposure to sovereign debt securities, relating to the 
banking segment, was equal to Euro 29,811.3 million, mainly concentrated at the Issuer level 
(Euro 29,508.4 million). Exposure to EU countries sovereign debt represented 87% of the total 
exposure to sovereign debt securities; exposure to Italian government bonds was equal to Euro 
10,927.3 million as at 31 December 2022 (37% of total exposure). Consequently, the Issuer is 
particularly exposed to any adverse changes and fluctuations in the market for Italian 
government securities, the political situation and the sovereign debt rating. A decrease in the 
market price for Italian government bonds could negatively affect the value of its assets and 
therefore have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and cash flows. In addition, if the credit ratings of Italy and/or of other countries to 
which the Group has sovereign exposures deteriorate, the Issuer may be required to revise the 
risk weighting attributed to the relevant assets for the calculation of risk-weighted assets 
(RWA), which could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s capital ratios. The Issuer may also 
be required to revise the discount criteria applied by counterparties in refinancing transactions, 
such as in the ECB’s TLTRO refinancing transactions, resulting in an increase in the collateral 
required or a reduction in the liquidity obtained in relation to such collateral. 
In addition, the lingering uncertainties arising from geopolitical tensions, could have a material 
adverse effect on the economies of the EU Member States in general, and the Italian economy 
in particular, with a consequential upsurge of the sovereign debt crisis. See also “Risks related 
to the impact of global macro-economic factors”. 
Although in recent years the fiscal and macroeconomic imbalances that contributed to the Euro 
Area sovereign’s debt crisis have been reduced in several countries, there are still concerns 
about the possible dissolution of the European Monetary Union, or the exit of individual 
countries from the monetary union (with a possible return to local currencies), fostered, among 
other factors, by the electoral surge of anti- EU parties across the euro area. Any scenario of 
this kind would generate unpredictable consequences. 
All the factors described above, and particularly any re-emergence or further deterioration of 
the sovereign debt crisis, could result in potential losses to the Issuer and/or the Banco BPM 
Group, an increase in its borrowing costs, and/or a reduction in the value of its assets, with 
possible negative effects on the economic and financial situation of the Issuer and/or of the 
Banco BPM Group.

--- Page 45 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
45 
 
 
Market risks  
The Banco BPM Group is exposed to market risk, being the risk that the value of a financial 
asset or liability could vary because of changes of market factors, such as share prices, interest 
rates, exchange rates and their volatilities, as well as changes in the credit spreads of the 
relevant issuer.  
To the extent that any of the instruments and strategies used by the Banco BPM Group to hedge 
or otherwise manage its exposure to counterparty or market risks are not effective, the Banco 
BPM Group may not be able to effectively mitigate its risk exposure in particular market 
conditions, or against particular types of risk. The Banco BPM Group’s trading revenues and 
interest rate risk exposure depend on its ability to identify properly, and mark to market, 
changes in the value of financial instruments caused by movements in market prices or interest 
rates. The Banco BPM Group’s financial results also depend on how effectively the Banco 
BPM Group determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own counterparty risk 
and market risk concentration. 
(a) 
Risks related to interest rates 
The Banco BPM Group’s performance is influenced by interest rate trends and fluctuations, 
mainly in the European markets, which in turn are caused by different factors beyond the 
control of the Banco BPM Group, such as monetary policies, general trends in the national and 
international economy and the political conditions of Italy. 
The performance of the Banco BPM Group’s banking and financing operations depends upon 
the management and sensitivity of their interest rate exposure, i.e. the effect of changes in 
interest rates in the relevant markets on the interest margin and economic value of the Banco 
BPM Group. Any mismatch between the interest income accrued by the Banco BPM Group 
and the interest expense incurred (in the absence of protection taken out to cover this mismatch) 
could have material adverse effects on the Banco BPM Group’s and/or the Issuer’s business, 
financial condition or results of operations (such as an increase of the cost of funding that is 
more marked than any increase in the yield from assets or the reduction in the yield from assets 
that is not matched by a decrease in the cost of funding). 
The Banco BPM Group has specific policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage 
these types of risk. However, it is not possible to rule out that unexpected variations of market 
interest rates may have a negative impact on the business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations of the Issuer and/or of the Banco BPM Group. 
(b) 
Risks related to the performance of financial markets 
The Banco BPM Group’s results depend in part on the performance of financial markets. In 
particular, the unfavourable development of the financial markets in recent years has affected: 
(i) the placement of products relating to assets under management and assets under 
administration, with resulting adverse effects on the amounts of placement commissions 
received; (ii) management commissions due to the reduced value of assets (direct effect) and 
redemptions resulting from unsatisfactory performance (indirect effect); (iii) the operations of 
the Investment Banking line of business, in particular with respect to placement of financial 
products and customer dealing, with adverse effects on the amount of commissions received; 
and (iv) results from the management of the banking and trading portfolios.

--- Page 46 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
46 
 
 
The Banco BPM Group has specific policies and procedures in place to identify, monitor and 
manage these types of risk. However, the volatility and possible insufficient liquidity of the 
markets, as well as the change of investor preferences towards different kinds of products 
and/or services, may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations of the Issuer and/or of the Banco BPM Group. 
Liquidity and Funding risks 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer may not have the cash resources to be able to meet its 
payment obligations, scheduled or unscheduled, when due. “Funding Liquidity Risk” refers to 
the risk that the Issuer is not able to meet its scheduled or unscheduled payment obligations in 
an efficient manner due to its inability to access funding sources, without prejudicing its 
banking activities and/or financial condition. “Market Liquidity Risk” refers to the risk that the 
Issuer is only able to realise its assets at a loss as a result of the market conditions and/or timing 
requirements. Having access to adequate liquidity and long-term funding, in any form, to run 
its core activity is crucial for Banco BPM to achieve its strategic objectives. In addition, 
liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. 
Starting in 2007, the international economic environment has been subject to long periods of 
high volatility, extraordinary uncertainty and instability in the financial markets. This was 
initially caused by the default of certain financial institutions and then by the sovereign debt 
crisis in certain countries, including Italy. During these periods, this state of uncertainty and 
volatility has led to considerable difficulties in finding liquidity on the wholesale market, a 
contraction in inter-bank loans and a significant increase in the cost of funding in the retail 
markets, worsened by the growing distrust towards European bank operators, substantially 
limiting access to credit by operators. 
A deterioration of market conditions, further loss of investors’ confidence in financial markets, 
an increase in speculation about the solvency or credit standing of the financial institutions 
present in the market (including that of the Issuer), or that of the country where they are based, 
can adversely impact the ability of banks to obtain funding in future. The inability of Banco 
BPM or any Banco BPM Group legal entity to access the debt market (Funding Liquidity Risk) 
or sell its assets (Market Liquidity Risk) would, in turn, adversely affect the Banco BPM 
Group’s ability to achieve its objectives.  
In addition, the Banco BPM Group is exposed to government debt securities, in particular 
Italian government debt securities. Any further reduction in the credit rating assigned to Italy 
(which has already been the subject of a number of downgrades by the principal rating agencies 
in recent years) may adversely affect the value of such debt securities and as a result could 
impact the extent to which the Issuer can use, inter alia, Italian government debt securities as 
collateral for the ECB refinancing transactions which could have an adverse effect on the 
Banco BPM Group’s liquidity. 
Further reductions of the credit rating assigned to Italy might also entail a worsening of credit 
ratings assigned to Italian financial institutions (including that of the Issuer) – in this respect, 
see also “Risks connected to the deterioration of credit quality”. 
The Banco BPM Group constantly monitors its own liquidity and funding risks. There can, 
however, be no assurance that any negative developments in the conditions of the markets, in 
the general economic environment and/or in the Issuer’s credit standing, combined with the 
need to align the Issuer’s liquidity and funding position to regulatory requirements, would not

--- Page 47 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
47 
 
 
have a negative impact on the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the 
Issuer and/or the Banco BPM Group. 
Climate and environmental risks 
As part of the Risk Identification process carried out in 2021, the Group identified the issues 
relating to “Climate change & Environment, Social and Governance” (ESG) as a specific risk 
factor to which it could be exposed. Said issues are seen as the risk drivers underlying 
prudential risks, for example related to sustainable development in terms of credit and finance 
and the valuation of internal intangibles, and have shown an increase in terms of both the 
likelihood of their occurrence and their impact with respect to last year.  
As part of the 2022 update of the Risk Identification process, the Group has broken down the 
specific ESG risk factors into those related to “climate change” and those related to 
“governance and social sustainability”. 
To this end, the Group’s risk management proceeded with the assessment process with respect 
to the current ESG regulatory requirements and consultation procedure, first of all with regard 
to the “Guide on climate-related and environmental risks” the final version of which was 
published by the ECB in November 2020. The ECB Guide (as defined in “Regulatory” below) 
clarifies that climate and ESG risks are cross-cutting determinants of other risk factors, of 
which the most impacted are credit, operational, market, and liquidity risks. In this context, 
during 2022, the Group participated in the Climate Risk Stress Test 2022 conducted by the 
ECB for the entire European banking sector, the aggregate results of which were published on 
8 July 2022.  
Such risks could result in potential losses to the Issuer and/or the Banco BPM Group, an 
increase in its borrowing costs, and/or a reduction in the value of its assets, with possible 
negative effects on the economic and financial situation of the Issuer and/or of the Banco BPM 
Group.  
In 2022, Banco BPM continued to develop and implement the various project initiatives aimed 
at analysing and managing climate and environmental risks, both with regard to the Bank's 
specific ESG programme and in response to the expectations of the aforementioned ECB 
guidance on the subject, in line with the detailed operational plans defined by the Group and 
updated as part of the overall thematic review of policies, governance and risk management 
frameworks related to climate and the environment (Thematic Review) launched by the ECB. 
It cannot be excluded that the adoption of new policies on climate and environmental risks, 
future developments in ESG and sustainable growth guidelines, as well as changes in consumer 
preferences and market confidence, may have a negative impact on the business, the economic 
and financial situation of the Issuer and/or Banco BPM Group. 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of suffering losses due to inadequacy or failure of 
processes, human resources and internal systems, or as a result of external events. Operational 
risk includes legal risk, which is the risk of losses deriving from breaches of laws or regulations, 
contractual, out-of-contract liabilities or other disputes, ICT (Information and Communication 
Technology) risk (including risks connected with cyber-attacks and risks connected with the 
malfunctioning of ICT equipment) and model risk. Strategic and reputational risks are not

--- Page 48 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
48 
 
 
included. The Banco BPM Group has procedures in place to mitigate and monitor operational 
risks in order to limit the adverse consequences arising from such risks. These risks are 
managed and supervised by the Issuer and by other Banco BPM Group legal entities through a 
structured series of processes, functions and resources for the identification, measurement, 
valuation and control of risks that are characteristic of the Banco BPM Group’s activities. 
Nonetheless, the Banco BPM Group’s risk management techniques and strategies may not be 
fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all economic market environments or against 
all types of risks (especially those due to potential exogenous factors such as external frauds 
and cyber-attacks), including risks that the Banco BPM Group fails to identify or anticipate. 
Risks connected to the contributions to the Single Resolution Fund and the Interbank 
Deposit Guarantee Fund 
Directive 2014/49/EU (the Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive) and the BRRD (as defined 
below), as well as the establishment of the Single Resolution Mechanism, introduced 
significant changes to the framework regulating the financial distress of banks, with the aim of 
strengthening the single market and the stability of the European banking system. 
Based on the legal framework introduced as a consequence of the transposition into Italian law 
of these directives, financial institutions are required to provide financial resources in order to 
fund the Italian Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund (Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei 
Depositi) and the National Resolution Fund (Fondo di Risoluzione Unico Nazionale, which 
was transferred to the Single Resolution Fund (Fondo di Risoluzione Unico). 
With respect to the Italian Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund, contributions are calculated with 
respect to the ratio of the guaranteed deposits held with banks of the Groups as compared to 
total protected deposits held with Italian banks participating to the Italian Interbank Deposit 
Guarantee Fund, as well as the level of risk of the Group’s banks holding guaranteed deposits 
as compared to the aggregate level of risk of all the Italian banks participating to the Italian 
Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund. The Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive requires Italian 
banks to make annual ordinary contributions to the Italian Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund 
in order for it to reach financial resources equalling 0.8% of the total guaranteed deposits held 
with Italian banks participating to the Italian Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund. Such target 
must be reached by 3 July 2024. In 2022, the banks participating to the Italian Interbank Deposit 
Guarantee Fund contributed Euro 1.36 billion to its financial endowment, of which Euro 888 
million as ordinary contributions and Euro 471 million as additional contributions in order to 
gradually reintegrate the Italian Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund’s financial endowment 
following the initiatives that were undertaken between 2015 and 2021. As of 31 December 
2022, the financial resources amounted to Euro 3.3 billion, net of provisions for future 
commitments, corresponding to 0.44% of protected deposits. 
With respect to the Single Resolution Fund, the contributions are calculated in proportion to 
the amount of liabilities of the relevant bank (excluding guaranteed deposits and own funds) to 
the total liabilities (excluding guaranteed deposits and own funds) of Italian banks and the 
degree of risk assumed by the relevant bank compared to the degree of risk assumed by all 
other Italian banks. The BRRD provides that Italian banks must pay annual ordinary 
contributions until the Single Resolution Fund has financial resources equal to at least 1% of 
the total guaranteed deposits of financial institutions authorised in all participating Member 
States. This level must be reached by 1 January 2024.

--- Page 49 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
49 
 
 
If the financial resources of the Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund and/or the Single Resolution 
Fund are insufficient to cover any losses, or if as a result of costs or other expenses incurred by 
such funds in compliance with the regulations governing their operation the above percentages 
are not reached, financial institutions may be required to make extraordinary contributions.  
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s ordinary contribution to the Italian 
Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund was Euro 114.6 million. The Group’s ordinary annual 
contribution to the Single Resolution Fund in 2022 was equal to Euro 110.5 million. In 
addition, with reference to year ended 31 December 2021, the Group was required to pay 
additional contributions to the Single Resolution Fund equal to Euro 28.6 million in connection 
with the resolution actions taken before the activation of the Single Resolution Fund. 
It should also be noted that the Covid-19 pandemic has led to a significant increase in the 
financial resources that customers have decided to keep in current accounts and savings 
deposits. This phenomenon has affected the entire banking system and has been reflected in an 
increase in the minimum financial endowment levels of both the Single Resolution Fund and 
the Interbank Deposit Guarantee Fund. This has led to an increase in the ex-ante contribution 
levels required of banks in order to reach the aforementioned minimum financial endowment 
levels. 
Should the Group be required to make large contributions in future, or should the guarantee 
funds fail, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
Risks relating to European and Italian banking regulations 
Risks related to regulatory changes in the banking and financial sectors and to the changes 
of the other laws applicable to the Banco BPM Group 
The Banco BPM Group, as with all banking groups, is subject to extensive regulations and to 
the supervision (being for regulatory, information or inspection purposes, as the case may be) 
by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and IVASS with respect to its bancassurance operations. As of 
and from 3 November 2014, the Banco BPM Group is also subject to the supervision of the 
ECB which, pursuant to rules establishing a single supervisory mechanism (the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism or SSM), has the duty to, among other things, guarantee the uniform 
application of the rules of the Euro currency area. 
In particular, the Banco BPM Group is subject to the laws and regulations applicable to 
companies with financial instruments listed on regulated markets, the rules governing banking 
services (aimed to maintain the stability and the solidity of the banks as well as to limit their 
risk exposure) and financial services (that govern, among other things, the sale and placement 
of financial instruments as well as marketing operations). Supervisory authorities have broad 
administrative powers over many aspects of the financial services business, including liquidity, 
capital adequacy and permitted investments, ethical issues, money laundering, privacy, 
transparency, record keeping, and marketing and selling practices. 
In particular, the Banco BPM Group is subject to an extensive set of rules governing capital 
adequacy, liquidity levels and leverage, which derive from the requirements approved by the 
Basel Committee on Banking Supervision following the 2008 financial crisis, as implemented 
in EU and Italian legislation. In this respect, on 14 December 2022, the ECB notified Banco 
BPM of its final decision on the minimum capital ratios to be complied with by Banco BPM

--- Page 50 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
50 
 
 
on an ongoing basis, based on the outcome of the annual Supervisory Review and Evaluation 
Process (SREP). Taking into account this additional capital requirement, the Banco BPM 
Group is required to meet, for 2023, the following capital ratios at consolidated level, in 
accordance with the transitional criteria in place: (i) CET1 ratio of 8.70%; (ii) Tier 1 ratio of 
10.68%; (iii) Total Capital ratio of 13.32%; and (iv) Total SREP Capital requirement of 
10.25%1. Following the update of the countercyclical reserve as at 31 December 2022, which 
amounts to 0.011%, the minimum ratios that Banco BPM Group will have to comply with in 
2023 are now equal to: (i) CET1 ratio of 8.71%; (ii) Tier 1 ratio of 10.69%; and (iii) Total 
Capital ratio of 13.33%.The Banco BPM Group satisfied these prudential ratios as at 31 
December 2022, with a CET1 ratio of 14.3%, a Tier 1 ratio of 16.6% and a Total Capital ratio 
of 19.6%, in each case at phase-in level2. However, there can be no assurance that the total 
capital requirements imposed on the Issuer or the Group from time to time may not be higher 
than the levels of capital available at such time. There can also be no assurance as to the result 
of any future SREP carried out by the ECB and whether this will impose any further own funds 
requirements on the Issuer or the Group. For additional information on the capital requirements 
applicable to the Group, see “Selected Consolidated Financial Data – Capital Requirements of 
the Group” and “Regulatory”. 
In addition to the capital requirements discussed above, the BRRD introduced requirements for 
banks to maintain at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities (the MREL). Under the BRRD, where an entity fails to meet its 
combined buffer requirement when considered in addition to its minimum requirement for own 
funds and eligible liabilities, resolution authorities have the power to prohibit certain 
distributions in accordance with the restrictions on distributions provisions by reference to the 
Maximum Distributable Amount. The Relevant Authority may furthermore exercise its 
supervisory powers under Article 104 of the CRD IV in case of breach of the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities. As a result, the powers set out in the BRRD 
and the application of the MREL requirement will impact the management of credit institutions 
and investment firms as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors, including 
holders of Covered Bond issued under the Programme. 
The strengthening of capital adequacy requirements, the restrictions on liquidity and the 
increase in ratios applicable to the Banco BPM Group on the basis of the EU Banking Reform 
and other laws or regulations that may be adopted in the future could adversely affect the Banco 
BPM Group’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial position, as well as the 
possibility of distributing dividends to the shareholders and holders of AT1 instruments. In 
particular, problems could arise when subordinated bonds which are no longer eligible for 
regulatory capital purposes reach maturity, as they will have to be replaced by alternative 
funding sources that comply with the new rules. This could make it harder to comply with the 
new minimum capital requirements, at least with respect to the combined buffer requirement 
(and any other relevant buffer requirement applicable to the Issuer from time to time), 
potentially limiting the Banco BPM Group’s ability to distribute dividends and to pay interests 
on AT1 instruments as a result of operation of the restrictions on distributions provisions by 
reference to Maximum Distributable Amount contained in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
                                                   
1 
Subject to change for quarterly quantification of the Countercyclical Capital Buffer. 
2 
Ratios calculated by including the net results for the year ended 31 December 2022 and deducting the total proposed 
dividends based on the applicable regulations. The transitional provisions provided for in Articles 473(a) and 468 of 
the CRR have been applied.

--- Page 51 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
51 
 
 
Moreover, supervisory authorities have the power to bring administrative or judicial 
proceedings against the Banco BPM Group, which could result, among other things, in 
suspension or revocation of the licences, cease and desist orders, fines, civil penalties, criminal 
penalties or other disciplinary action (in this respect, see also “Risks related to legal 
proceedings and inspections by Supervisory Authorities”). Such proceedings could have 
adverse effects on the Issuer’s and the Banco BPM Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. For additional information on the main laws and regulations applicable 
to the banking sector, see “Regulatory”. 
Risks related to recent and forthcoming regulatory and accounting changes 
In addition to the own funds and eligible liabilities and liquidity requirements introduced by 
Basel III, the CRD IV, the BRRD and the EU Banking Reform, there are several other 
initiatives, in various stages of finalisation, which represent additional regulatory pressure over 
the medium term and will impact the EU’s future regulatory direction. These initiatives include, 
amongst others, a revised Markets in Financial Instruments EU Directive and Markets in 
Financial Instruments EU Regulation which entered into force on 2 July 2014 with 
implementation required at Member States level as from January 2018 subject to certain 
transitional arrangements. A new framework for European securitisation (implemented through 
Regulation (EU) 2017/2042 and Regulation (EU) 2017/2401) has introduced the long awaited 
rules for issuing simple, transparent and standardised transactions and replaced the provisions 
of the CRR relating to the regulatory capital treatment of securitisation exposures held by EU 
credit institutions and investment firms. 
Moreover, the Basel Committee has embarked on a very significant RWAs variability agenda. 
This includes the “Fundamental Review of the Trading Book”, revised standardised approaches 
(e.g. credit, market, operational risk), constraint to the use of internal models, as well as the 
introduction of a capital floor. The regulator’s primary aim is to eliminate unwarranted levels 
of RWA variance. The new setup will have a significant impact on risk modelling. From a 
credit risk perspective, an impact is expected both on capital held against the exposures 
assessed via standardised approach and on those evaluated via an internal ratings based 
approach (IRB), due to the introduction of capital floors that, according to the new framework, 
will be calculated based on the revised standardised approach. Implementation of these new 
rules on risk models are expected to take effect from 1 January 2025. 
Other forthcoming regulatory changes include the EU Banking Reform that amend many of 
the existing provisions set forth in CRD IV, the BRRD and the SRM Regulation. For additional 
information, see also “Regulatory” and “Risks related to regulatory changes in the banking 
and financial sectors and to the changes of the other laws applicable to the Banco BPM 
Group”. On 7 December 2017 the Basel Committee endorsed the outstanding Basel III post-
crisis regulatory reforms. The reforms, which include revisions to the measurement of the 
leverage ratio and a leverage ratio buffer for global systemically important banks (G-SIBs), 
which takes the form of a Tier 1 capital buffer set at 50% of a G-SIB’s risk weighted capital 
buffer, is effective from 1 January 2022 and will be phased in over five years. These are being 
introduced in the EU through the amendments to the CRR contained in the EU Banking 
Reform. 
In addition, the EU Banking Reform changes the rules for calculating the capital requirements 
for market risks against the trading book positions set out in the CRR, to transpose the work 
done by the Basel Committee with the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book into EU law 
by establishing clearer and more easily enforceable rules on the scope of application to prevent

--- Page 52 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
52 
 
 
regulatory arbitrage; improving risk capture, making requirements proportionate to reflect 
more accurately the actual risks to which banks are exposed; and strengthening the conditions 
to use internal models to enhance consistency and risk-weight comparability across banks. The 
new rules include a phase-in period. 
There can be no assurance that the implementation of the new capital requirements, standards 
and recommendations described above will not require the Issuer to issue additional securities 
that qualify as regulatory capital, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other 
actions, any of which may have adverse effects on the Issuer’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. Furthermore, increased capital requirements may negatively affect 
Issuer’s return on equity and other financial performance indicators. 
The Issuer is exposed to the effects of changes in accounting principles or standards and 
regulations and/or changes to them (including those resulting from International Accounting 
Standards as endorsed and adopted in Europe). In this respect, as part of the project of 
rationalising and promoting the real estate assets of the Group, the Issuer resolved to change 
the measurement criterion for property and valuable works of art, adopting the fair value for 
real estate investments and the revaluation value for property used in operations and valuable 
works of art. The income statement for the 2022 financial year shows a net negative impact of 
Euro 108.3 million resulting from the adjustment of the fair value of investment properties 
following the annual update of valuation reports. In the 2021 financial year, the net impact was 
a negative Euro 141.6 million. 
The Banco BPM Group is exposed, like other parties operating in the banking sector, to the 
effects of the entry into force and subsequent application of new accounting principles or 
standards and regulations and/or changes to them (including those resulting from IFRS as 
endorsed and adopted into European law). Specifically, the Banco BPM Group, like other 
parties operating in the banking sector, may need to revise the accounting and regulatory 
treatment of some existing assets, liabilities and transactions (and the related income and 
expense), with possible negative effects, including significant ones, on the estimates in 
financial plans for future years and this could lead to the Issuer having to restate financial data 
published previously. Investors should be aware that implementation of new accounting 
principles or standards and regulations (or changes thereto) may have a material adverse effect 
on the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or of the 
Banco BPM Group. 
2 
RISKS RELATED TO THE COVERED BONDS 
Risks related to Covered Bond generally 
Issuer liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the 
Issuer under the Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations, ranking pari passu without any preference amongst themselves and equally with 
its other direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations. 
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Guarantee 
until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, service by the Representative of the 
Bondholders on the Issuer and on the Guarantor of an Issuer Default Notice or, if earlier, 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service by the Representative of

--- Page 53 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
53 
 
 
the Bondholders of a Guarantor Default Notice. The occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
does not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. However, failure by the Guarantor to pay 
amounts due under the Guarantee would constitute a Guarantor Event of Default which would 
entitle the Representative of the Bondholders to accelerate the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds (if they have not already become due and payable) and the obligations of 
the Guarantor under the Guarantee. Although the Receivables included in the Cover Pool are 
originated by the Issuer, they are transferred to the Guarantor on a true sale basis and an 
insolvency of the Issuer would not automatically result in the insolvency of the Guarantor. 
Obligations under the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the 
Arrangers, the Dealers, the Representative of the Bondholders or any other party to the 
Programme, their officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, 
other than the Issuer and, after the service by the Representative of the Bondholders of an Issuer 
Default Notice or, if earlier, a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate capacity for their obligations in respect of the 
Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their respective officers, 
members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. 
Extendable obligations under the Guarantee 
Following the failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of Covered 
Bonds on their Maturity Date and if payment of the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the 
Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Series of the Covered Bonds are not paid in full 
by the Guarantor on or before the Extension Determination Date, then payment of such 
Guaranteed Amounts shall be automatically deferred. This will occur if the Final Terms for a 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds provides that such Covered Bonds are subject to an extended 
final maturity date (the Extended Maturity Date) on which the payment of all or (as 
applicable) part of the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred 
in the event that the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on the Extension 
Determination Date. 
To the extent that the Guarantor has received an Issuer Default Notice in sufficient time and 
has sufficient moneys available to pay in part the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the 
relevant Final Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds and any 
amount (including any amount due to any Swap Provider(s)) ranking pari passu or in priority 
thereto, on the date falling on the Extension Determination Date, (the Maturity Extension 
Trigger), the Guarantor shall make partial payment of the relevant Final Redemption Amount 
in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments and as described in Condition 8 
(Redemption and Purchase). Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically 
until the applicable Extended Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final 
Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Extension Determination Date may be 
paid by the Guarantor on any Interest Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the 
relevant Extended Maturity Date. The Extended Maturity Date will fall one year after the 
Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid amount in 
accordance with Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) and the Guarantor will pay 
Guaranteed Amounts, constituting interest due on each Guarantor Payment Date and on the 
Extended Maturity Date. In these circumstances, except where the Guarantor has failed to apply 
money in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments, failure by the Guarantor to 
make payment in respect of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date (subject to

--- Page 54 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
54 
 
 
any applicable grace period) (or such later date within the applicable grace period) shall not 
constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. However, failure by the Guarantor to pay the 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount on or the balance thereof 
or prior to the Extended Maturity Date and/or Guaranteed Amounts constituting interest on any 
Guarantor Payment Date will (subject to any applicable grace periods) be a Guarantor Event 
of Default. 
The Issuer shall notify to the Bank of Italy the extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to Condition 8(b) within 10 (ten) calendar days from the occurrence thereof. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these 
Covered Bonds may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set 
out below is a description of the most common of these features: 
(a) 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
If in the case of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds the relevant Final Terms specifies 
that the Covered Bonds are redeemable at the Issuer’s option pursuant to Condition 8(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) the Issuer may choose to redeem the Covered Bonds 
at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those 
Covered Bonds generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. Further, during any period in which there is an actual or perceived increase in the 
likelihood that the Issuer may redeem the Covered Bonds, the price of the Covered Bonds may 
also be adversely impacted. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the 
Covered Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at 
that time. 
(b) 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds bearing no interest, which may be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount. A holder of a zero coupon covered bond is exposed to the 
risk that the price of such covered bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. 
Prices of zero coupon Covered Bonds are more volatile than prices of fixed rate Covered Bonds 
and are likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest bearing 
Covered Bonds with a similar maturity. Generally, the longer the remaining terms of such 
Covered Bonds, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
(c) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the Issuer has the right to effect

--- Page 55 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
55 
 
 
such a conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Covered 
Bonds since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower 
overall cost of borrowing. In addition, the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest 
return for the Bondholders. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such 
circumstances, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on 
other Covered Bonds. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such 
circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Covered Bonds. 
(d) 
SONIA linked Covered Bonds  
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds with interest determined by reference to the SONIA. 
Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Covered Bonds may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
the SONIA may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; and 
(iv) 
the timing of changes in the SONIA may affect the actual yield provided to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the 
change in the SONIA, the greater the effect on the yield. 
The historical experience of the SONIA should not be viewed as an indication of the future 
performance of the SONIA during the term of any SONIA linked Covered Bond. Accordingly, 
each potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk 
entailed by an investment in any SONIA linked Covered Bond and the suitability of such 
Covered Bond in light of its particular circumstances. 
(f) 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market 
interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
(g) 
Floating rate risks 
Investment in Floating Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk for the Bondholders of fluctuating 
interest rate levels and uncertain interest earnings. 
(h) 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing

--- Page 56 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
56 
 
 
securities with comparable maturities. 
(i) 
Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds and Sustainability Covered Bonds 
In respect of any Covered Bond issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Green 
Covered Bond”, “Social Covered Bond” and “Sustainable Covered Bond”, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor. 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds under the 
Programme described as “green bonds” (Green Covered Bonds), “social bonds” (Social 
Covered Bonds) and/or “sustainability bonds” (Sustainability Covered Bonds) in accordance 
with the principles set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) 
(respectively, the Green Bond Principles (GBP), the Social Bond Principles (SBP) and the 
Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG)) for the purposes of financing and/or refinancing, in 
whole or in part, respectively Eligible Green Loans and/or Eligible Social Loans (each of such 
terms as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section). 
In such a case, prospective investors should make reference to the information in the applicable 
Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance 
of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Covered Bonds together with 
any other investigation such investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of that 
investment in light of their own criteria. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer or the 
Dealer(s) that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any Eligible Green Loans or Eligible 
Social Loans, as the case may be, will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations (including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy 
Regulation) and the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts for climate 
change adaptation and mitigation objectives (the EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts) 
adopted by the EU Commission on 21 April 2021 and formally adopted on 4 June 2021 for 
scrutiny by the colegislators (the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
Delegated Acts, jointly, the EU Taxonomy Framework) or by its own by-laws or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or 
related to, the relevant Eligible Green Loans or Eligible Social Loans). With respect to the 
remaining environmental objectives, a second delegated act is expected to be published in 
2022. On 6 July 2021 the European Commission adopted the delegated act supplementing 
Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation for scrutiny by co-legislators. This delegated act 
specifies the content, methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by financial 
and non-financial undertakings concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable 
economic activities in their business, investments or lending activities. 
On 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance published 
its final report on a future European standard for green bonds (the EU Green Bond Standard). 
In the context of the public consultation on the renewed sustainable finance strategy, the 
European Commission launched a targeted consultation on the establishment of an EU Green 
Bond Standard, that builds and consults on the work of the Commission Technical Expert 
Group, and has run between 12 June and 2 October 2020. On 19 October 2020, the European 
Commission published the Commission Work Programme 2021, in which expressed the 
intention to deliver a legislative proposal by the end of the second quarter of 2021. On 6 July

--- Page 57 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
57 
 
 
2021, the European Commission officially adopted a legislative proposal for a EU Green Bond 
Standard setting out four main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds raised by the green 
bond should be made in compliance with the EU Taxonomy (as defined above); (ii) full 
transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance 
activities to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers 
with the ESMA and subjection to its supervision. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that as at the date of this Prospectus there is no clearly 
established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes or may be classified as, a “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or equivalently-labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as 
“green” or “social” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label. The EU Taxonomy 
Framework is nevertheless subject to further developments. Even if a definition or market 
consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project 
or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or 
“sustainable” or such other equivalent label, should develop or be established, no assurance is 
or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible 
Green Loans or Eligible Social Loans will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 
“green”, “social” or “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives 
(including those set out under the EU Taxonomy Framework) or that any adverse green, social, 
sustainable and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or 
uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Loans or Eligible Social Loans, as the case 
may be, towards which proceeds of the Covered Bonds are to be applied. Moreover, in light of 
the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, 
sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal frameworks and/or 
definitions may (or may not) be modified to adapt any update that may be made to the GBP 
and/or the SBP and/or the SBG and/or the EU Taxonomy Framework. Any such changes could 
have an adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any such Green Covered 
Bond, Social Covered Bond or Sustainability Covered Bond. The Issuer has published a 
framework relating to Eligible Green Loans or Eligible Social Loans (for further details, see 
the section entitled “Use of Proceeds”). 
In general, no assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any 
purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited 
by the Issuer) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any 
Green Covered Bond, Social Covered Bond or Sustainability Covered Bond and in particular 
with any Eligible Green Loans or Eligible Social Loans to fulfil any environmental, 
sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such 
Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds. Any such 
opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered 
Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds. As at the date of this Prospectus, the providers of such 
opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight.

--- Page 58 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
58 
 
 
In the event that any such Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability 
Covered Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “social”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) 
or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any 
present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules 
or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any Eligible Green Loans or Eligible Social Loans (as the case may be). Furthermore, it 
should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from 
one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance 
given or made by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any other person that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds 
or Sustainability Covered Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading 
will be maintained during the life of the Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or 
Sustainability Covered Bonds (as the case may be). 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any 
Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance 
that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Loans or 
Eligible Social Loans (either resulting from the original application of the proceeds of the 
Covered Bonds or a subsequent reallocation of such proceeds), as the case may be, will be 
capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any 
timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Covered Bonds, Social 
Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds will be totally or partially disbursed for the 
specified Eligible Green Loans or Eligible Social Loans. Nor can there be any assurance that 
(i) such Eligible Green Loans or Eligible Social Loans will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or (ii) with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the 
Issuer or (iii) the originally designated green project or social project or sustainable project (or 
any project(s) resulting from any subsequent reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of the 
relevant Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds) will 
not be the potentially or actual disqualified as such. Any such event or failure by the Issuer 
(including any failure to comply with its reporting obligations in relation to Green Covered 
Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds) any actual or potential 
maturity mismatch between the green, social or sustainable asset(s) towards which proceeds of 
the Covered Bonds may have been applied and the relevant Covered Bonds or if any other 
risk(s) set out or contemplated by this risk factor with respect to Green Covered Bonds, Social 
Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds are realised, such occurrence will not, with 
respect to any Covered Bonds (i) give rise to any claim of a Covered Bondholders against the 
Issuer; (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the Covered Bonds; (iii) lead to an obligation 
of the Issuer to redeem such Covered Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining 
whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Covered Bonds and 
(iv) prevent the applicability of the General Bail-In Tool (or any other provision of the CRR). 
Neither the proceeds of any Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability 
Covered Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds or asset financed with such proceeds 
will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets. For the avoidance of doubt, 
payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Covered Bonds,

--- Page 59 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
59 
 
 
Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds shall not depend on the performance 
of the relevant Eligible Green Loan or Eligible Social Loan (as the case may be) nor have any 
preferred or any other right against the green, social or sustainable assets towards which 
proceeds of the relevant Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability 
Covered Bonds are to be applied.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Covered Bonds, Social 
Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds for any Eligible Green Loans or Eligible 
Social Loans as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such 
opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such 
Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds no longer being 
listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have 
a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or 
Sustainability Covered Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Covered Bonds which 
are intended to finance Eligible Green Loans or Eligible Social Loans and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for 
a particular purpose. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of 
Covered Bonds (in which case they will form part of such Series) or have different terms to an 
existing Series of Covered Bonds (in which case they will constitute a new Series). 
All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects 
and will share in the security granted by the Guarantor under the Guarantee. Following the 
service on the Issuer and on the Guarantor of an Issuer Default Notice (but prior to a Guarantor 
Event of Default and service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor) the Guarantor 
will use all monies to pay Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds when the same 
shall become Due for Payment subject to paying certain higher ranking obligations of the 
Guarantor in the Guarantee Priority of Payments. In such circumstances, the Issuer will only 
be entitled to receive payment from the Guarantor of interest, Premium and repayment of 
principal under the Term Loan granted pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement, after all 
amounts due under the Guarantee in respect of the Covered Bonds have been paid in full or 
have otherwise been provided for. Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default 
and service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, the Covered Bonds will become 
immediately due and repayable and Bondholders will then have a claim against the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee for an amount equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding plus any interest 
accrued in respect of each Covered Bond, together with accrued interest and any other amounts 
due under the Covered Bonds, and any Guarantor Available Funds will be distributed according 
to the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
In order to ensure that any further issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme does not 
adversely affect existing holders of the Covered Bonds: 
(a) 
any Term Loan granted by the Sellers to the Guarantor under the terms of the relevant 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, may only be used by the Guarantor (i) as consideration 
for the purchase of Eligible Assets from the Seller (or the Additional Seller(s) (if any)) 
pursuant to the terms of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement; and (b) as 
consideration for the purchase of the Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets (if transferred

--- Page 60 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
60 
 
 
for the purpose of ensuring the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests) and/or 
Liquid Assets pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement; 
(b) 
the Issuer must always ensure that the Tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date in 
order to ensure that the Guarantor can meet its obligations under the Guarantee;  
(c) 
the Issuer must always ensure that the Liquidity Buffer Requirement is satisfied on a 
continuing basis in order to ensure that the Guarantor can meet its obligations under the 
Guarantee; and  
(d) 
the Issuer shall give prior notice to the Rating Agencies of the issuance of any further 
Series of Covered Bonds. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Any Calculation Agent appointed under the Programme (whether a Paying Agent or otherwise) 
is the agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the Bondholders. Potential conflicts of interest 
may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Bondholders (including where a Dealer 
acts as a Calculation Agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgments 
that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may negatively 
influence and thereby reduce amounts receivable by the Bondholders during the term of the 
Covered Bonds and upon their redemption. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer were obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any 
Covered Bonds due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction 
(as referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation), as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of any Tax Jurisdiction (including any treaty to which the Tax Jurisdiction 
is a party) or any change in the application or official or generally published interpretation of 
such laws or regulations (including a change or amendment resulting from a ruling by a court 
or tribunal of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds 
and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Covered Bonds in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions. In such circumstances, the price of the Covered Bonds may be adversely impacted 
and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security 
at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Bondholders are bound by Extraordinary Resolutions and Programme Resolution 
A meeting of Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights and 
interests of Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): instructing the Representative 
of the Bondholders to take enforcement action against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor; waiving 
an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default; cancelling, reducing or otherwise 
varying interest payments or repayment of principal or rescheduling payment dates; extending 
the Test Remedy Period; altering the priority of payments of interest and principal on the 
Covered Bonds; and any other amendments to the Transactions Documents. Certain resolutions 
are required to be passed as Programme Resolutions, passed at a single meeting of all holders 
of Covered Bonds, regardless of Series. A Programme Resolution will bind all Bondholders,

--- Page 61 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
61 
 
 
irrespective of whether they attended the Meeting or voted in favour of the Programme 
Resolution. No Resolution, other than a Programme Resolution, passed by the holders of one 
Series of Covered Bonds will be effective in respect of another Series unless it is sanctioned 
by an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution, as the case may require, of the 
holders of that other Series. Any Resolution passed at a Meeting of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds of a Series shall bind all other holders of that Series, irrespective of whether they 
attended the Meeting and whether they voted in favour of the relevant Resolution. 
In addition, the Representative of the Bondholders may agree to the modification of the 
Transaction Documents without consulting Bondholders to correct a manifest error or an error 
established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Bondholders or where such 
modification (i) is of a formal, minor, administrative or technical nature or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law or (ii) in the sole opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders 
is not or will not be materially prejudicial to Bondholders of any Series. 
It shall also be noted that after the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the protection and 
exercise of the Bondholders’ rights against the Issuer will be exercised by the Guarantor (or 
the Representative of the Bondholders on its behalf). The rights and powers of the Bondholders 
may only be exercised in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders. 
In addition, after the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the protection and exercise of the 
Bondholders’ rights against the Guarantor and the security under the Guarantee is one of the 
duties of the Representative of the Bondholders. The Terms and Conditions limit the ability of 
each individual Bondholder to commence proceedings against the Guarantor by conferring on 
the meeting of the Bondholders the power to determine in accordance with the Rules of 
Organisation of the Bondholders, whether any Bondholder may commence any such individual 
actions. 
Representative of the Bondholders’ powers may affect the interests of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions the Representative of the 
Bondholders shall only have regard to the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds and 
the Other Guarantor Creditors but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders, 
there is a conflict between these interests the Representative of the Bondholders shall have 
regard solely to the interests of the Bondholders. In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities 
and discretions, the Representative of the Bondholders may not act on behalf of the Sellers. 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the 
Representative of the Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, the 
Representative of the Bondholders shall not exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion 
without the approval of such holders of the Covered Bonds by Extraordinary Resolution or by 
a direction in writing of such holders of the Covered Bonds of at least 75 per cent. of the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
Priority of Payments 
Recent English insolvency and US bankruptcy court rulings may restrain parties from making 
or receiving payments in accordance with the order of priority agreed between them.

--- Page 62 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
62 
 
 
There is uncertainty as to the validity and/or enforceability of a provision which (based on 
contractual and/or trust principles) subordinates certain payment rights of a creditor to the 
payment rights of other creditors of its counterparty upon the occurrence of insolvency 
proceedings relating to that creditor. In particular, recent cases have focused on provisions 
involving the subordination of a swap counterparty’s payment rights in respect of certain 
termination payments upon the occurrence of insolvency proceedings or other default on the 
part of such counterparty (so-called “flip clauses”). Such provisions are similar in effect to the 
terms included in the Transaction Documents relating to the subordination of Excluded Swap 
Termination Amounts. 
The English Supreme Court has held that a flip clause as described above is valid under English 
law. Contrary to this, however, the US Bankruptcy Court has held that such a subordination 
provision is unenforceable under US bankruptcy law and that any action to enforce such 
provision would violate the automatic stay which applies under such law in the case of a US 
bankruptcy of the counterparty. However, a subsequent 2016 US Bankruptcy Court decision 
held that in certain circumstances flip clauses are protected under the US Bankruptcy Code and 
therefore enforceable in bankruptcy. The 2016 decision was affirmed on 14 March 2018 by the 
US District Court for the Southern District of New York, which 2018 decision was further 
affirmed on 11 August 2020 by the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The 
implications of this conflict remain unresolved. 
If a creditor of the Guarantor (such as the Swap Providers) or a related entity becomes subject 
to insolvency proceedings in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales, and it is owed a 
payment by the Guarantor, a question arises as to whether the insolvent creditor or any 
insolvency official appointed in respect of that creditor could successfully challenge the 
validity and/or enforceability of subordination provisions included in the Italian law governed 
Transaction Documents (such as a provision of the relevant Priorities of Payment which refers 
to the ranking of the Swap Providers’ payment rights in respect of Excluded Swap Termination 
Amounts). In particular, based on the decision of the US Bankruptcy Court referred to above, 
there is a risk that such subordination provisions would not be upheld under US bankruptcy 
law. Such laws may be relevant in certain circumstances with respect to a range of entities 
which may act as Swap Counterparty, including US established entities and certain non-US 
established entities with assets or operations in the US (although the scope of any such 
proceedings may be limited if the relevant non-US entity is a bank with a licensed branch in a 
US state). If a subordination provision included in the Transaction Documents was successfully 
challenged under the insolvency laws of any relevant jurisdiction outside England and Wales 
and any relevant foreign judgment or order was recognised by the English courts, there can be 
no assurance that such actions would not adversely affect the rights of the Bondholders, the 
market value of the Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Guarantor to satisfy its obligations 
under the Covered Bonds. 
Given the general relevance of the issues under discussion in the judgments referred to above 
and that the Transaction Documents include terms providing for the subordination of Excluded 
Swap Termination Amounts, there is a risk that the final outcome of the dispute in such 
judgments (including any recognition action by the English courts) may result in negative 
rating pressure in respect of the Covered Bonds. If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds 
is lowered, the market value of the Covered Bonds may reduce.

--- Page 63 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
63 
 
 
Ratings of the Covered Bonds may not reflect all risks 
The ratings that may be assigned by Moody’s to the Covered Bonds address the expected loss 
posed to the Bondholders following a default. 
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms for each 
Series of Covered Bonds. Any Rating Agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, 
inter alia, in the sole judgment of that Rating Agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds 
has declined or is under evaluation. If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is lowered or 
withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced. A security credit rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless such rating (1) is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the European Union but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation. 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation unless such rating (1) is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Moody’s is a rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation. 
Change of counterparties 
The parties to the Transaction Documents who receive and hold monies pursuant to the terms 
of such documents (such as the Italian Account Bank or the Servicer and each Sub-Servicer) 
are required by each relevant Transaction Document to satisfy certain criteria in order to 
continue to receive and hold such monies. 
These criteria include, inter alia, requirements in relation to the short-term and long-term, 
unguaranteed and unsecured ratings ascribed to such party by the Rating Agencies. If the party 
concerned ceases to satisfy the ratings criteria, then the rights and obligations of that party 
(including the right or obligation to receive monies, or to effect payments, on behalf of the 
Guarantor) may be required to be transferred to another entity which does satisfy the applicable 
criteria. In these circumstances, the terms agreed with the replacement entity may not be as 
favourable as those agreed with the original party pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
In addition, should the applicable criteria cease to be satisfied then the parties to the relevant 
Transaction Document may agree to amend or waive certain of the terms of such document, 
including the applicable criteria, in order to avoid the need for a replacement entity to be 
appointed. The consent of Bondholders may not be required in relation to such amendments 
and/or waivers.

--- Page 64 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
64 
 
 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law 
The Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and amended in 
2005 to allow for the issuance of covered bonds. The Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law 
was further amended during the following years, including on 30 November 2021 by way of 
the Legislative Decree no. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the Decree 190/2021) implementing 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162, which substituted article 7-bis of the Securitisation and Covered 
Bonds Law with the new Title I-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law. Moreover, 
the Decree 190/2021 designates the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public 
supervision of the covered bonds, which is entrusted with the issuing of the implementing 
regulations by 8 July 2022. Bank of Italy issued such implementing regulations on 30 March 
2023 by publishing an amendment to Section 3, paragraph 3 of the Bank of Italy Regulations.  
As at the date of this Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of Securitisation and 
Covered Bonds Law as it relates to covered bonds has been issued by any Italian court or 
governmental or regulatory authority, except for the Bank of Italy Regulations concerning, 
inter alia, guidelines on the valuation of assets, the procedure for purchasing Substitution 
Assets and controls required to ensure compliance with the legislation. Consequently, it is 
possible that the authorities indicated above or different authorities may issue further 
regulations relating to the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law or the Bank of Italy 
Regulations or the interpretation thereof, the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer 
as at the date of this Prospectus.  
Risks related to the forthcoming tax reform of financial incomes 
Bill AC.1038 of 23 March 2023, which is about to be approved by the Italian Parliament, would 
delegate Government to enact, within twenty-four months from approval, one or more 
legislative decrees envisaging the reform of the Italian tax system.  
According to the current version of this Bill, the tax reform should change significantly the 
taxation of financial incomes and capital gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian 
tax system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and impact of these amendments 
cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage. The information provided in this 
Prospectus may not reflect the future tax landscape accurately.   
Investors should be aware that the amendments potentially introduced to the tax regime of 
financial incomes and capital gains may increase the taxation on the interest, similar income 
and/or capital gains accrued or realised under the Covered Bonds and could result in a lower 
return of their investment. 
Changes in law 
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds and the ratings which are to be assigned to 
them are based on Italian law (and, in the case of the Swap Agreements and the Deed of Charge, 
English law) in effect as at the date of this Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible change to Italian or English law or administrative practice or to the law 
applicable to any Transaction Document and to administrative practices in the relevant 
jurisdiction. 
Reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign 
exchange rate index “benchmarks”

--- Page 65 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
65 
 
 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other indices which are deemed 
“benchmarks” are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to 
be implemented. These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to perform differently than in 
the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds linked to a 
“benchmark”. 
Key international reforms of “benchmarks” include IOSCO’s proposed Principles for Financial 
Market Benchmarks (July 2013) (the IOSCO Benchmark Principles) and Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used 
as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance 
of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation 
(EU) No. 596/2014 (the Benchmarks Regulation). 
The Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK BMR) applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark also in the 
UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorized by the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) or 
registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognized or 
endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation and the UK BMR could have a material impact on any Covered 
Bonds linked to or referencing a rate or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation and the UK BMR. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of “benchmarks” could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the ECB announced that it 
would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a “risk 
free overnight rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in 
a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the 
working group on euro risk-free rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate (€STR) as the new 
risk-free rate. €STR was published by the European Central Bank on 2 October 2019. In 
addition, on 21 January 2019, the euro risk-free rate working group published a set of guiding 
principles for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). 
The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in 
relevant contracts may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
The elimination of the EURIBOR “benchmark” or the potential elimination of any other 
“benchmark”, or changes in the manner of administration of any “benchmark”, could require 
an adjustment to the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, in respect of any 
Covered Bonds referencing such “benchmark”. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain 
“benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or 
lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”. Any of the above changes or any other

--- Page 66 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
66 
 
 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Covered Bonds. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Covered Bonds referencing a “benchmark”. 
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of any applicable floating rate Covered Bonds or any other 
Covered Bonds whose return is determined by reference to any benchmark, if the Issuer or 
Calculation Agent determines at any time that the Relevant Screen Page on which the 
Reference Rate or the SONIA Reference Rate, as the case may be, for such Covered Bonds 
appears has been discontinued or following the adoption of a decision to withdraw the 
authorisation or registration as set out in Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation or any other 
benchmark administrator previously authorized to publish any Replacement Reference Rate 
under any applicable laws or regulations, the Issuer will appoint a Reference Rate 
Determination Agent (which may be (i) a leading bank or a broker-dealer in the principal 
financial centre of the Specified Currency (which may include one of the Dealers involved in 
the issue of such Covered Bonds) as appointed by the Issuer, (ii) the Issuer or an affiliate of the 
Issuer (but in which case any such determination shall be made in consultation with an 
independent financial advisor), (iii) the Calculation Agent (if agreed in writing by the relevant 
Calculation Agent with the Issuer) or (iv) any other entity which the Issuer considers has the 
necessary competences to carry out such role) who will determine a replacement Reference 
Rate or SONIA Reference Rate, as the case may be (the Replacement Reference Rate), as 
well as any necessary changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, 
the interest determination date, the day count fraction, and any method for obtaining the 
Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such 
Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the Relevant Screen Page on which the Reference 
Rate or the SONIA Reference Rate, as the case may be, appears. Such Replacement Reference 
Rate and any such other changes will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on 
the Bondholders, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agent and any other person 
and will apply to the relevant Covered Bonds without any requirement that the Issuer obtain 
consent of any Bondholders. 
The Replacement Reference Rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly 
its general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be 
difficult to determine or measure. In addition, the replacement rate may perform differently 
from the discontinued benchmark. This could impact the rate of interest on, and trading value 
of, the affected Covered Bonds. Moreover, any holders of such Covered Bonds that enter into 
hedging instruments based on the Relevant Screen Page on which appears the Reference Rate 
or the SONIA Reference Rate, as the case may be, may find their hedges to be ineffective, and 
they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the Replacement Reference 
Rate. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent is unable to determine an appropriate Replacement 
Reference Rate for any discontinued Reference Rate or SONIA Reference Rate, as the case 
may be, or a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration as set out in Article 35 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation or any other benchmark administrator previously authorized to 
publish any Replacement Reference Rate under any applicable laws or regulations is adopted 
but for any reason a Replacement Reference Rate is not determined, then the provisions for the 
determination of the rate of interest on the affected Covered Bonds will not be changed. In such

--- Page 67 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
67 
 
 
cases, the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide that the relevant Interest Rate 
on such Covered Bonds will be the last Reference Rate or SONIA Reference Rate, as the case 
may be, available for the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, effectively converting such Covered Bonds into fixed 
rate Covered Bonds. 
Furthermore, in the event that no Replacement Reference Rate is determined by the Reference 
Rate Determination Agent and the affected Covered Bonds are effectively converted to fixed 
rate Covered Bonds as described above, investors holding such Covered Bonds might incur 
costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders of such 
Covered Bonds will not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of such Covered 
Bonds could therefore be adversely affected. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as 
a reference rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, 
such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as a reference rate in the capital 
markets and its adoption as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. In particular, market participants 
and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk free rates, 
including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward 
expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The market, or a significant 
part thereof, may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs (also significantly) from 
that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Covered Bonds referenced to a reference 
rate under the Programme. 
Interest on Covered Bonds which reference certain risk free rates is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in Covered Bonds which reference such risk free rate to reliably estimate the amount 
of interest which will be payable on such Covered Bonds. 
Furthermore, if the Covered Bonds become due and payable or are otherwise redeemed early 
on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest payable for the final Interest 
Period in respect of such Covered Bonds shall only be determined immediately prior to the 
date the Covered Bonds became due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. 
Furthermore, with respect to SONIA linked Covered Bonds, the Issuer may in the future issue 
Covered Bonds referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination 
when compared with any previous SONIA linked Covered Bonds issued by it under the 
Programme. The nascent development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference 
rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for 
such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA-
referenced Covered Bonds issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
any such Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
The administrator of SONIA may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or 
discontinue SONIA

--- Page 68 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
68 
 
 
The Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, may make methodological 
or other changes that could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the 
method by which SONIA is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to 
calculate SONIA, or timing related to the publication of SONIA. In addition, the administrator 
may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA (in which case a 
fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Covered Bonds will apply). The 
administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Bondholders when calculating, 
adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA. 
The Covered Bonds are intended to be labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium)” 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Prospectus are intended to be labelled as “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)” as set out under Article 7-viciesbis of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bonds Law, provided that they comply with the Securitisation and Covered Bonds 
Law, the Bank of Italy Regulations and article 129 of the CRR.  
Given that labelling as “European Covered Bond (Premium)” depends on the fulfilment of the 
legal requirements set out in the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, the Bank of Italy 
Regulations and article 129 of the CRR, prospective investors should assess the compliance of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds with such legal requirements at the time when the relevant 
investment is made and at any time thereafter. No assurance or representation is made by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Dealers or any other party that any Series of Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme will comply at all times with the legal requirements 
necessary to be labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium)”.  
Risks related to the Guarantor 
Guarantor only obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts when they are Due for Payment 
Following service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, under the terms 
of the Guarantee the Guarantor will only be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts as and when 
the same are Due for Payment on each Payment Date, provided that, in the case of any amounts 
representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid as at the original 
Maturity Date, the Guarantor may pay such amounts on any Guarantor Payment Date 
thereafter, up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date. Such Guaranteed Amounts will 
be paid subject to and in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments or the Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments, as applicable. In such circumstances, the Guarantor will not 
be obliged to pay any other amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds which become payable 
for any other reason. 
Subject to any grace period, if the Guarantor fails to make a payment when Due for Payment 
under the Guarantee or any other Guarantor Event of Default occurs, then the Representative 
of the Bondholders will accelerate the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee by 
service of a Guarantor Default Notice, whereupon the Representative of the Bondholders will 
have a claim under the Guarantee for an amount equal to the Guaranteed Amounts. Following 
service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the amounts due from the Guarantor shall be applied by 
the Representative of the Bondholders in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments, and Bondholders will receive amounts from the Guarantor on an accelerated basis. 
If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor then the Covered Bonds may be repaid 
sooner or later than expected or not at all.

--- Page 69 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
69 
 
 
In accordance with Article 7-octies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, prior to and 
following a winding up of the Guarantor and an Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of 
Default causing the Guarantee to be called, proceeds of the Cover Pool paid to the Guarantor 
will be exclusively available for the purpose of satisfying the obligations owed to the 
Bondholders, to the Other Guarantor Creditors and to any other creditors exclusively in 
satisfaction of the transaction costs of the Programme. The Cover Pool may not be seized or 
attached in any form by creditors of the Guarantor other than the entities referred to above, 
until full discharge by the Guarantor of its payment obligations under the Guarantee or 
cancellation thereof. 
Limited resources available to the Guarantor 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Default Notice 
on the Issuer and on the Guarantor, all amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will be 
accelerated by the Representative of the Bondholders as against the Issuer, following which 
the Guarantor will be under an obligation to pay the Bondholders pursuant to the Guarantee. 
The Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations under the Guarantee will depend on (a) the 
amount of interest and principal generated by the Cover Pool and the timing thereof, (b) 
amounts received from the Swap Providers and (c) the proceeds of any Eligible Investments. 
The Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to meet its obligations under 
the Guarantee. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and the Guarantee is enforced, the proceeds of 
enforcement may not be sufficient to meet the claims of all the secured creditors, including the 
Bondholders. If, following enforcement and realisation of the assets in the Cover Pool, 
creditors have not received the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Transaction 
Documents, then they may still have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the shortfall. 
There is no guarantee that the Issuer will have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. 
Each Other Guarantor Creditor has undertaken in the Intercreditor Agreement not to petition 
or commence proceedings for a declaration of insolvency (nor join any such petition or 
proceedings) against the Guarantor at least until one year and one day after the date on which 
all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with their Terms and Conditions. 
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties 
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed 
to perform services for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Servicer and the 
Sub-Servicer(s) has been appointed to service Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets included in the Portfolios sold to the Guarantor and the Calculation Agent has 
been appointed to calculate and monitor compliance with the Mandatory Tests, the 
Amortisation Test, the Asset Coverage Test, the Integration Limits and the Liquidity Buffer 
Requirement and to provide cash management services to the Guarantor. In the event that any 
of these parties fails to perform its obligations under the relevant agreement to which it is a 
party, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof or pending such realisation (if 
the Cover Pool or any part thereof cannot be sold) and the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Guarantee may be affected. For instance, if the Servicer or the Sub-
Servicer(s) has failed to administer the Mortgage Loans adequately, this may lead to higher 
incidences of non-payment or default by Borrowers. The Guarantor is also reliant on the Swap

--- Page 70 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
70 
 
 
Providers to provide it with the funds matching its obligations under the Guarantee, as 
described in the following two investment considerations. 
If a Servicer Termination Event occurs pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, then 
the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Bondholders will be entitled to terminate the 
appointment of the Servicer and appoint a new servicer in its place. There can be no assurance 
that a substitute servicer with sufficient experience of administering mortgages of residential 
or commercial properties would be found who would be willing and able to service the 
Mortgage Loan on the terms of the Servicing Agreement. The ability of a substitute servicer to 
perform fully the required services would depend, among other things, on the information, 
software and records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint 
a substitute servicer may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof, and/or 
the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee. 
The Servicer has no obligation to advance payments if the Borrowers fail to make any payments 
in a timely fashion. Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions 
taken by the Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. 
The Representative of the Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as the 
Servicer or the Sub-Servicer(s) (as the case may be) or to monitor the performance by the 
Servicer or the Sub-Servicer (as the case may be) of its obligations. 
Reliance on Swap Providers 
To mitigate possible variations in the performance of the Cover Pool and a floating rate linked 
to Euribor for deposits of three months, the Guarantor may enter into a Cover Pool Swap 
Agreement with a Cover Pool Swap Provider. In addition, to mitigate interest rate, currency 
and/or other risks in respect of each Series of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, 
the Guarantor is expected to enter into one or more Interest Rate Swap Agreements on or about 
each Issue Date (such Interest Rate Swap Agreements, together with the Cover Pool Swap 
Agreement, the Swap Agreements and, each of them, a Swap Agreement) with one or more 
Interest Rate Swap Providers (together with the Cover Pool Swap Provider, the Swap 
Providers and, each of them, a Swap Provider). 
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement, 
then it will (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted under that 
Swap Agreement. A Swap Provider is (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap 
Agreement) only obliged to make payments to the Guarantor as long as the Guarantor complies 
with its payment obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement. In circumstances where non-
payment by the Guarantor under a Swap Agreement does not result in a default under that Swap 
Agreement, the Swap Provider may be obliged to make payments to the Guarantor pursuant to 
the Swap Agreement as if payment had been made by the Guarantor. If the Swap Provider is 
not obliged to make payments or if it defaults in its obligations to make payments of amounts 
in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid to the Guarantor on the payment 
date under the Swap Agreements, the Guarantor will be exposed to changes in the relevant 
currency exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. In addition, 
subject to prior written notice to the Rating Agencies, the Guarantor may mitigate only part of 
the potential risk and, in such circumstances, may have insufficient funds to make payments 
under the Covered Bonds or the Guarantee.

--- Page 71 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
71 
 
 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination 
payment to the relevant Swap Provider. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will have 
sufficient funds available to make a termination payment under the relevant Swap Agreement, 
nor can there be any assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a replacement swap 
agreement, or if one is entered into, that the credit rating of any replacement swap counterparty 
will be sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade of the then current ratings of the Covered 
Bonds by the Rating Agencies. In addition the swaps may provide that notwithstanding the 
swap counterparty ceasing to be assigned the requisite ratings and the failure by the swap 
counterparty to take the remedial action set out in the relevant swap agreement, the Guarantor 
may not terminate the swap until a replacement swap counterparty has been found. 
If the Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement, such 
termination payment will rank ahead of amounts due on the Covered Bonds (in respect of the 
Covered Pool Swap) and with amounts due under the Guarantee (in respect of the Interest Rate 
Swap). Accordingly, the obligation to pay a termination payment may adversely affect the 
ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Guarantee. 
Each Interest Rate Swap Agreement is expected to be scheduled to terminate on the later of (i) 
the Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series and, (ii) if the Maturity Date is 
extended under the terms of such Covered Bonds, their Extended Maturity Date. In addition, 
an Interest Rate Swap Provider may be entitled to terminate an Interest Rate Swap Agreement 
following the occurrence of certain Additional Termination Events specified in the agreement 
such as, a Transaction Document is amended and the Interest Rate Swap Provider reasonably 
believes that it is materially adversely effected by such amendment. Accordingly, following 
such an event, the Guarantor may not receive any amounts from an Interest Rate Swap Provider 
to assist in making, following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, payments under the 
Covered Bonds. 
VAT group 
Italian Law no. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the 2017 Budget Law) has introduced new rules 
relating the VAT group (articles from 70-bis to 70-duodecies of Presidential Decree no. 633 of 
26 October 1972), which are applicable upon election starting from 1 January 2019. Pursuant 
to such rules, all entities included in the VAT group are jointly and severally liable vis-à-vis 
the Italian Tax Authority for the VAT payment obligations of whole group. 
On 31 October 2018, the Italian Tax Authority has issued a circular letter whereby it has 
specified that funds, as pools of segregated assets, would be liable only for the VAT payment 
obligations specifically related to their assets. With ruling No. 487 of 15 November 2019, the 
Italian Revenue Agency confirmed that the same principle would also apply to Italian 
companies incorporated pursuant to Article 7-bis (as subsequently replaced by Title I-bis) of 
the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, such as the Guarantor, where the company itself 
would be jointly liable for VAT liabilities of the VAT group to which it belongs, although such 
joint liability would not apply to the securitised pool of asset segregated for the purposes of the 
Guarantee. Considering the brief guidelines and the absence of case law, it is still not entirely 
clear to what extent such limitation would apply in practice. 
Banco BPM has opted for the new VAT regime provided for by the 2017 Budget Law in respect 
of the Issuer’s group (including the Guarantor) with effect from 1 January 2019. Pending 
further clarification on the scope of application of the new rules, the Issuer has undertaken to 
anticipate to the Guarantor the necessary funds in case the Guarantor is required to provide for

--- Page 72 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
72 
 
 
a VAT payment other than in relation to its own assets as a result of the joint liability of the 
VAT group. 
Risks related to the underlying assets 
Integration Limits 
Under the Bank of Italy Regulations, the integration of the Cover Pool, whether through 
Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquid Assets shall be carried out in accordance with 
the modalities, and subject to the limits, set out in the Bank of Italy Regulations (see 
“Description of Certain Relevant Legislation In Italy - Substitution of assets”). 
More specifically, under the Bank of Italy Regulations, the integration of the Cover Pool is 
allowed exclusively for the purpose of (a) complying with the Mandatory Tests; (c) complying 
with the Liquidity Buffer Requirement or (d) complying with the Integration Limits within the 
Cover Pool. 
Investors should note that the integration of the Cover Pool is not allowed in circumstances 
other than as set out in the Bank of Italy Regulations and specified above. 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
It is not envisaged that Bondholders will receive detailed statistics or information in relation to 
the Receivables in the Cover Pool, because it is expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool 
will frequently change due to, for instance: 
 
the Seller (or any Additional Seller(s), if any) selling further Receivables (or types of 
Receivables, which are of a type that have not previously been comprised in the Cover 
Pool) to the Guarantor; and 
 
the Seller (or any Additional Seller(s), if any) repurchasing Receivables in accordance 
with the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
However, each Mortgage Loan will be required to meet the Eligibility Criteria and to conform 
with the representations and warranties set out in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement - see 
“Description of the Transaction Documents — Warranty and Indemnity Agreement”. In 
addition, the Asset Coverage Test is intended to ensure that the Adjusted Aggregate Loan 
Amount is an amount equal to or in excess of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of 
the Covered Bonds for so long as Covered Bonds remain outstanding and the Calculation Agent 
will provide monthly reports that will set out certain information in relation to the Asset 
Coverage Test. 
Nonetheless, the main Cover Pool composition details are available on the Issuer’s website and 
updated on a quarterly basis pursuant to article 7-septiesdecies of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
Maintenance of the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the terms of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Seller has agreed, 
(or will agree, in case of any Additional Seller(s) pursuant to the relevant Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement) to transfer (i) Subsequent Portfolios of Eligible Assets, Substitution 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets to the Guarantor and the Guarantor has agreed to purchase

--- Page 73 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
73 
 
 
Subsequent Portfolios of Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets in order to 
ensure that the Cover Pool is in compliance with the Tests, or (ii) Subsequent Portfolios of 
Liquid Assets only in order to ensure the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Liquidity 
Buffer Requirement. In addition, the Seller (and the Additional Seller(s) (if any)) may transfer 
to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor shall purchase from Banco BPM, Subsequent Portfolios of 
Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets in order to ensure the compliance of 
the Cover Pool with the Integration Limits. Each Initial Portfolio Purchase Price shall be funded 
through the proceeds of the first Term Loan under the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Each Subsequent Portfolio Purchase Price will be funded as follows (A) (i) the purchase price 
of Subsequent Portfolios of Eligible Assets may be financed through the Guarantor Available 
Funds and also through the proceeds of a Term Loan under the Subordinated Loan Agreement, 
(ii) the purchase price of Subsequent Portfolios of Substitution Assets (if transferred for the 
purpose of ensuring the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Integration Limits) shall be 
entirely funded using any Guarantor Available Funds available for such purpose in accordance 
with the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments, (iii) the purchase price of 
Subsequent Portfolios of Substitution Assets (if transferred for the purpose of ensuring the 
compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests) will be financed only through the proceeds of a 
Term Loan under the Subordinated Loan Agreement, and (iv) the purchase price of Subsequent 
Portfolios of Liquid Assets will be financed only through the proceeds of a Term Loan under 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, Banco BPM has undertaken (and 
any other Seller acceding to the Cover Pool Management Agreement shall undertake) to ensure 
that on each Calculation Date the Cover Pool is in compliance with the Tests. If on any 
Calculation Date the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the Tests, then the Guarantor will 
require the Seller who sold the Portfolio in relation to which the shortfall causing the breach of 
Test has occurred (the Relevant Seller) (or any other Seller in case the Relevant Seller has 
informed of any circumstances which may prevent it to comply with its obligations), to grant 
further Term Loans for the purposes of funding the purchase of Subsequent Portfolios of 
Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets, representing an amount sufficient to 
allow the Tests to be met on the next following Calculation Date. If the Cover Pool is not in 
compliance with the Tests on the next following Calculation Date, the Representative of the 
Bondholders will serve a Breach of Tests Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor. The 
Representative of the Bondholders shall revoke the Breach of Tests Notice if on any 
Calculation Date the Tests are subsequently satisfied unless any other Segregation Event has 
occurred and is outstanding and without prejudice to the obligation of the Representative of the 
Bondholders to serve a Breach of Tests Notice in the future. If, following the delivery of a 
Breach of Tests Notice, the Tests are not met on, or prior to, the Calculation Date falling at the 
end of the Test Remedy Period, the Representative of the Bondholders will serve an Issuer 
Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, unless a Programme Resolution is passed 
resolving to extend the Test Remedy Period. 
If the aggregate collateral value of the Cover Pool has not been maintained in accordance with 
the terms of the Tests, that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof 
(both before and after the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default) and/or the ability of the 
Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee. However, failure to satisfy the Mandatory 
Tests and/or the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date following an Issuer Event of 
Default will constitute a Guarantor Event of Default, thereby entitling the Representative of 
the Bondholders to accelerate the Covered Bonds against the Issuer (to the extent not already 
accelerated against the Issuer) and also against the Guarantor and the Guarantor’s obligations

--- Page 74 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
74 
 
 
under the Guarantee against the Guarantor subject to and in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions. 
Prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice and subject to receipt of the relevant 
information from the Issuer, the Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed upon procedures 
set out in an engagement letter entered into with the Issuer on 31 August 2015, as subsequently 
replaced on or about 7 June 2023, concerning the compliance of the Programme with article 7-
sexies, articles 7-octies to 7-terdecies, and article 7-septiesdecies of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bonds Law and with the provisions set out under the Bank of Italy Regulations, 
including, inter alia, (i) the fulfilment of the eligibility criteria set out under the Securitisation 
and Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations with respect to the Eligible Assets, 
Substitution Assets and Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool; (ii) the arithmetical accuracy 
of the calculations performed by the Issuer as Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory 
Tests, the Minimum Overcollateralisation Requirement, the Liquidity Buffer Requirement and 
the Integration Limits; (iii) the compliance with the internal limits to the transfer of the Eligible 
Assets, Substitution Assets and Liquid Assets set out under Title I-bis of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bonds Law and article 129 of the CRR); (iv) the effectiveness and adequacy of the 
risk protection provided by any Swap Agreement, if and when entered into in the context of 
the Programme; and (v) the segregation of the Eligible Assets included in the Portfolio 
according to article 7-octies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law; (vi) the correct 
application and notification of the extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds issued as 
required by the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law; and (vii) the completeness, truthfulness 
and timely delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant to the Securitisation and 
Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. In addition, the Asset Monitor will, 
pursuant to the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement, (a) prior to the delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice, verify on behalf of the Issuer, on a semi-annual basis or more frequently upon 
downgrading of the Issuer below Ba3 by Moody’s, the calculations performed by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the Asset Coverage Test; and (b) following the delivery of an 
Issuer Default Notice, verify, on behalf of the Guarantor, the calculations performed by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests on a semi-annual basis and more 
frequently in certain circumstances and in respect of the Amortisation Test on a monthly basis. 
See further “Description of the Transaction Documents – Asset Monitor Agreement”. 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be responsible for monitoring compliance 
with, nor the verification of, the Tests or any other test, or supervising the performance by any 
other party of its obligations under any Transaction Document. 
Sale of the Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets following the delivery a 
Breach of Tests Notice, a breach of the Liquidity Buffer Requirement or an Issuer Default 
Notice 
After the service of a Breach of Tests Notice or a breach of the Liquidity Buffer Requirement, 
the Guarantor may, or following an Issuer Default Notice, shall sell the Eligible Assets, 
Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets (selected on a random basis) included in the Cover 
Pool in order to make payments to the Guarantor’s creditors including making payments under 
the Guarantee, see “Description of the Transaction Documents - Cover Pool Management 
Agreement”. 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire the Eligible Assets, Substitution 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets at the times required and there can be no guarantee or assurance 
as to the price which may be obtained for such Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or

--- Page 75 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
75 
 
 
Liquid Assets, which may affect payments under the Guarantee. However, the Eligible Assets, 
the Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets may not be sold by the Guarantor for less than an 
amount equal to the Adjusted Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount (for the 
definition, see section “Description of the Transaction Documents - The Cover Pool 
Management Agreement” below) for the relevant Series of Covered Bonds until six months 
prior to the Maturity Date in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds or (if the same is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Extended Maturity Date under the Guarantee in 
respect of such Series of Covered Bonds. In the six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity 
Date or Extended Maturity Date, the Guarantor is obliged to sell the Eligible Assets, 
Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets for the best price reasonably available on the market, 
notwithstanding that such price may be less than the Adjusted Required Outstanding Principal 
Balance Amount. 
Liquidation of assets following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the 
Guarantor, then the Representative of the Bondholders will be entitled to enforce the Guarantee 
and use the proceeds from the liquidation of the Cover Pool towards payment of all secured 
obligations in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments described in the 
section entitled “Cashflows” below. 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of the liquidation of the Cover Pool will be in an amount 
sufficient to repay all amounts due to creditors (including the Bondholders) under the Covered 
Bonds and the Transaction Documents. If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the 
Guarantor then the Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the Guarantor 
to make payments under the Guarantee 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the service of an Issuer Default Notice 
on the Issuer and on the Guarantor, the realisable value of the Eligible Assets and the 
Substitution Assets comprised in the Cover Pool may be reduced (which may affect the ability 
of the Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee) by: 
 
default by Borrowers in the payment of amounts due on their Mortgage Loans; 
 
changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer; 
 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool; 
 
limited recourse to the Guarantor; 
 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and other regulatory 
authorities; 
 
timing of a relevant sale of assets; and 
 
regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Mortgage Loans being 
unenforceable.

--- Page 76 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
76 
 
 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the 
Mandatory Tests, the Amortisation Test, the Asset Coverage Test and the Eligibility Criteria 
are intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of Eligible Assets, Substitution 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets in the Cover Pool to enable the Guarantor to repay the Covered 
Bonds following an Issuer Event of Default, service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer 
and on the Guarantor and accordingly it is expected (although there is no assurance) that assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool could be realised for sufficient values to enable the Guarantor to 
meet its obligations under the Guarantee. 
Value of the Cover Pool 
The Guarantee granted by the Guarantor in respect of the Covered Bonds will be backed by the 
Cover Pool and the recourse against the Guarantor will be limited to such assets. Since the 
economic value of the Cover Pool may increase or decrease, the value of the Guarantor’s assets 
may decrease (for example if there is a general decline in property values). The Issuer makes 
no representation, warranty or guarantee that the value of a Real Estate Asset will remain at 
the same level as it was on the date of the origination of the related Mortgage Loan or at any 
other time. If the residential property market in Italy experiences an overall decline in property 
values, the value of the Mortgage Loan could be significantly reduced and, ultimately, may 
result in losses to the Bondholders if such security is required to be enforced. 
No representations or warranties to be given by the Guarantor or the Seller (or any 
Additional Sellers(s), as the case may be) if Selected Assets and their related Security 
Interests are to be sold 
After the service of a Breach of Tests Notice or of an Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor, 
but prior to service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor may, and following an Issuer 
Default Notice shall, sell the Selected Assets and their related Security Interests included in the 
Cover Pool, subject to a right of pre-emption granted to the Seller (or any Additional Sellers(s), 
as the case may be) pursuant to the terms of the relevant Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement and of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. In respect of any sale of Selected 
Assets and their related Security Interests to third parties, however, the Guarantor will not 
provide any warranties or indemnities in respect of the Selected Assets and related Security 
Interests and there is no assurance that the Seller (or any Additional Sellers(s), as the case may 
be) would give or repeat any warranties or representations in respect of the respective Selected 
Assets and related Security Interests or in case it has not consented to the fact that the 
representations and warranties originally given by the Seller (or any Additional Sellers(s), as 
the case may be) in respect of such Selected Assets are transferred to third parties. Any 
representations or warranties previously given by the Seller (or any Additional Sellers(s), as 
the case may be) in respect of the relevant Mortgage Loans comprised in the relevant Portfolios 
may not have value for a third party purchaser if the Seller is then insolvent. Accordingly, there 
is a risk that the realisable value of the Selected Assets and related Security Interests could be 
adversely affected by the lack of representations and warranties which in turn could adversely 
affect the ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Guarantee. 
Default by borrowers in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans 
Borrowers may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Loans for a variety of 
reasons. The Mortgage Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various 
factors influence mortgage delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and 
the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international

--- Page 77 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
77 
 
 
economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, 
inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments 
and government policies. Other factors in Borrowers’ individual, personal or financial 
circumstances may affect the ability of Borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of 
earnings, illness, divorce and other similar factors may lead to an increase in default by and 
bankruptcies of borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of 
borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a property 
given as security for a Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding 
under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of 
buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in general at the time. 
The recovery of amounts due in relation to Non Performing Receivables will be subject to the 
effectiveness of enforcement proceedings in respect of the Cover Pool which in Italy can take 
a considerable time depending on the type of action required and where such action is taken 
and on several other factors, including the following: proceedings in certain courts involved in 
the enforcement of the Mortgage Loans and Mortgages may take longer than the national 
average; obtaining title deeds from land registries which are in process of computerising their 
records can take up to two or three years; further time is required if it is necessary to obtain an 
injunction decree (decreto ingiuntivo) and if the relevant Debtor raises a defence to or 
counterclaim in the proceedings; and it takes an average of six to eight years from the time 
lawyers commence enforcement proceedings until the time an auction date is set for the forced 
sale of any Real Estate Asset. 
Law No. 302 of 3 August 1998 allowed notaries, accountants and lawyers to conduct certain 
stages of the enforcement procedures in place of the courts in order to reduce the length of 
enforcement proceedings by between two and three years. 
Insurance coverage 
All Mortgage Loan Agreements provide that the relevant Real Estate Assets must be covered 
by an Insurance Policy issued by leading insurance companies approved by the Seller. There 
can be no assurance that all risks that could affect the value of the Real Estate Assets are or 
will be covered by the relevant Insurance Policy or that, if such risks are covered, the insured 
losses will be covered in full. Any loss incurred in relation to the Real Estate Assets which is 
not covered (or which is not covered in full) by the relevant Insurance Policy could adversely 
affect the value of the Real Estate Assets and the ability of the relevant Debtor to repay the 
relevant Mortgage Loan. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Sellers 
Each of the Mortgage Loans originated by the Seller (or any Additional Sellers(s), as the case 
may be) will have been originated in accordance with its lending criteria at the time of 
origination. Each of the Mortgage Loans sold to the Guarantor by the Seller (or any Additional 
Sellers(s), as the case may be), but originated by a person other than the Seller (or any 
Additional Sellers(s), as the case may be) (a Third Party Originator), will have been 
originated in accordance with the lending criteria of such Third Party Originator at the time of 
origination. It is expected that the Seller (or any Additional Sellers(s), as the case may be)’ or 
the relevant Third Party Originator’s, as the case may be, lending criteria will generally 
consider type of property, term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value ratio, mortgage 
indemnity guarantee policies, high loan-to-value fees, status of applicants and credit history. 
In the event of the sale or transfer of any Mortgage Loans to the Guarantor, each of the Seller

--- Page 78 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
78 
 
 
(or any Additional Sellers(s), as the case may be) will warrant that (a) such Mortgage Loans as 
were originated by it were originated in accordance with the Seller (or any Additional 
Sellers(s), as the case may be)’ lending criteria applicable at the time of origination and (b) 
such Mortgage Loans as were originated by a Third Party Originator, were originated in 
accordance with the relevant Third Party Originator’s lending criteria applicable at the time of 
origination. The Seller (or any Additional Sellers(s), as the case may be) retains the right to 
revise its lending criteria from time to time subject to the terms of the relevant Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreements. Other Third Party Originators may additionally revise their 
lending criteria at any time. However, if such lending criteria change in a manner that affects 
the creditworthiness of the Mortgage Loans, that may lead to increased defaults by Borrowers 
and may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool and the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Guarantee. However, Non Performing Receivables in the Cover Pool will 
be given a zero weighting for the purposes of the calculation of the Mandatory Tests, the 
Amortisation Test and the Asset Coverage Test. 
Legal risks relating to the Mortgage Loans 
 
The ability of the Guarantor to recover payments of interest and principal from the Mortgage 
Loans is subject to a number of legal risks. Further details on certain considerations in relation 
to the regulation of mortgages in Italy are set out in the section headed “Description of certain 
relevant legislation in Italy” and certain specific risks are set out below. 
Mortgage borrower protection: 
Certain legislations enacted in Italy, have given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage 
debtors and/or reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia: 
 
the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage loan, without incurring 
a penalty; 
 
the right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan 
and 
 
the right to suspend instalment payments relating to mortgage loans. Further details are 
set out in the section headed “Description of certain relevant legislation in Italy – 
Mortgage Borrower protection”.  
These legislations constitute an adverse effect on the Cover Pool and, in particular, on any cash 
flow projections concerning the Cover Pool as well as on the over-collateralisation required. 
However, as this legislation is relatively new, as at the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer is not 
in a position to predict its impact. 
Mortgage Credit Directive: 
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on 
credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the Mortgage 
Credit Directive) sets out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations 
and administrative provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for 
consumers secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property.

--- Page 79 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
79 
 
 
In Italy, the Government has approved the Legislative Decree No. 72 of 21 April 2016, 
implementing the Mortgage Credit Directive and published on the Official Gazette of the 
Republic of Italy on 20 May 2016 (the Mortgage Legislative Decree), which, moreover, sets 
forth certain rules of correctness, diligence and transparency and information undertakings 
applicable to the lenders and intermediaries which offer loans to consumers. and provides that 
the paries may agree under the loan agreements that in case of breach of the borrower’s 
payment obligations under the agreement (i.e. non-payment of at least eighteen loan 
instalments, or due and payable by the debtor) the property of the debtor subject to security the 
proceeds deriving from the thereof can be transferred to the creditor in discharge of the entire 
debt even if the value of the assets or the proceeds deriving from the sale of the asset is lower 
than the remaining amount due by the borrower in relation to the loan agreement. 
Given the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the impact of such new legislation may 
not be predicted as at the date of this Prospectus. Further details are set out in the section headed 
“Description of certain relevant legislation in Italy –Mortgage Credit Directive”. 
No assurance can be given that the implementation of the Mortgage Legislative Decree will 
not adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Guarantee. 
Debtors may become subject to a debt restructuring arrangement or a court-supervised 
liquidation in accordance with the Italian Insolvency Code 
The Italian Insolvency Code provides for special composition procedures for situations of over-
indebtedness (procedure di composizione della crisi da sovraindebitamento), and for a special 
court-supervised liquidation for situations of over-indebtedness (liquidazione controllata del 
sovraindebitamento), which apply to (i) consumers, professionals, small enterprises who/which 
are in a situation of crisis or insolvency, and (ii) any other debtor which can not be subject to 
judicial liquidation (liquidazione giudiziale) or any other liquidation procedure under Italian 
law applicable for situations of crisis (crisi) or insolvency (insolvenza). 
Over-indebtedness occurs either in a situation of crisis or in a situation of insolvency. Crisis is 
the condition that makes insolvency likely to happen, and it occurs when the perspective cash 
flow shows that the debtor will become unable to pay its debts as they fall due within the 
subsequent 12 months; insolvency is the inability to repay debts as they fall due. 
Should any Debtors enter into such debt restructuring agreement (be it with the Issuer or with 
any other of its creditors), the Issuer could be subject to the risk of having the payments due by 
the relevant Debtor suspended for up to one year. 
Reduced interest rate margin 
In recent years, the Italian banking sector has been characterised by increasing competition 
which, together with the low level of interest rates, has caused a sharp reduction in the 
difference between borrowing and lending rates, and has made it difficult for banks to maintain 
positive growth trends in interest rate margins. 
Risks related to the market 
Limited secondary market 
There is, at present, a secondary market for the Covered Bonds but it is neither active nor liquid, 
and there can be no assurance that an active or liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds

--- Page 80 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
80 
 
 
will develop. The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, offered to any persons or 
entities in the United States of America or registered under any securities laws and are subject 
to certain restrictions on the resale and other transfer thereof as set forth under the section 
headed “Subscription and Sale”. If an active or liquid secondary market develops, it may not 
continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or it may not provide Bondholders with liquidity of 
investment with the result that a Bondholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its Covered 
Bonds readily or at prices that will enable the Bondholder to realise a desired yield. If, 
therefore, a market does develop, it may not be very liquid, and investors may not be able to 
sell their Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for 
bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for 
specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of bonds generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have a materially adverse effect on the market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Market declines and volatility 
The results of the Banco BPM Group could be affected by general economic, financial and 
other business conditions. During a recession, there may be less demand for mortgages and 
other loan products and a greater number of the Banco BPM Group’s customers may default 
on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have an impact on the demand 
for mortgages and other loan products. The risk arising from the impact of the economy and 
business climate on the credit quality of the Banco BPM Group’s debtors and counterparties 
can affect the overall credit quality and the recoverability of mortgages and loans and amounts 
due from counterparties. 
Governmental and central banks’ actions intended to support liquidity may be insufficient 
or discontinued 
In response to the financial markets crisis, the reduced liquidity available to market operators 
in the industry, the increase of risk premiums and the capital requirements demanded by 
investors, intervention with respect to the level of capitalisation of banking institutions has had 
to be further increased. In many countries, this has been achieved through support measures 
for the financial system and direct intervention by governments in the share capital of the banks 
in different forms. In order to technically permit such government support, financial institutions 
were required to pledge securities deemed appropriate by different central financial institutions 
as collateral. The unavailability of liquidity through such measures, or the decrease or 
discontinuation of such measures by governments and central authorities could result in 
increased difficulties in procuring liquidity in the market and/or result in higher costs for the 
procurement of such liquidity, thereby adversely affecting the Banco BPM Group’s business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations.  
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. 
This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities 
are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other 
than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency

--- Page 81 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
81 
 
 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease; (1) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value 
of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds, and (3) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent 
market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 82 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
82 
 
 
STRUCTURE OVERVIEW 
The information in this section is an overview of the structure of the Programme and does not 
purport to be complete. The information is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Prospectus. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Prospectus 
shall have the same meanings in this overview. An index of certain defined terms used in this 
document is contained at the end of this Prospectus. 
Structure Diagram 
Structure Overview 
 
Programme: under the terms of the Programme, the Issuer will issue Covered Bonds to 
Bondholders on each Issue Date. The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsubordinated, 
unsecured and unconditional obligations of the Issuer guaranteed by the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee. 
 
Subordinated Loan Agreement: under the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, 
the Seller will grant to the Guarantor term loan facilities in an aggregate amount equal 
to the Total Commitment, for the purposes of funding the payments described in the 
paragraph headed “The proceeds of Term Loans” below. Prior to service of an Issuer 
Default Notice each Term Loan will be repaid by the Guarantor on each Guarantor 
Payment Date, according to the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments 
within the limits of the Guarantor Available Funds. Following the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice, the Term Loans shall be repaid within the limits of the Guarantor 
Available Funds subject to the repayment in full (or, prior to the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, the accumulation of funds sufficient for the purpose of such repayment) 
of all Covered Bonds. Each Term Loan that has been repaid pursuant to the terms of 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement will be available for redrawing during the 
Availability Period within the limits of the Total Commitment. Payments by the Issuer 
  BPM Covered Bond 2 S.r.l. 
(Guarantor) 
Bondholders
Covered Bond 
 Issuance 
Covered Bond 
 Proceeds 
OBG Guarantee 
Purchase Price 
Sale of Mortgage Loans 
Banco BPM S.p.A. (Issuer) 
Interest rate 
swap providers 
Swap Cashflows 
(if applicable) 
Cover Pool 
swap providers 
 Asset Monitor 
 Representative of 
the Bondholders 
 Banco BPM S.p.A. 
(Seller /Subordinated Lender/ 
Sub-Servicer and Master 
Servicer) 
Subordinated Loan 
Repayment of Subordinated Loan

--- Page 83 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
83 
 
 
of amounts due under the Covered Bonds are not conditional upon receipt by the Issuer 
of payments from the Guarantor pursuant to the relevant Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. Amounts owed by the Guarantor under the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
will be subordinated to amounts owed by the Guarantor under the Guarantee. 
 
The proceeds of Term Loans: the Guarantor will use the proceeds of the Term Loans 
received under the Subordinated Loan Agreements (a) to fund the payment of the 
purchase price of the Eligible Assets in accordance with the terms of the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement and/or (b) to purchase Substitution Assets (if 
transferred for the purpose of ensuring the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests) 
and/or Liquid Assets, in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement. 
 
Guarantee: under the terms of the Guarantee, the Guarantor has provided an irrevocable 
guarantee as to payments of any amounts due to the Beneficiaries. The Guarantor has 
agreed to pay an amount equal to the Guaranteed Amounts when the Guaranteed 
Obligations shall become Due for Payment but would otherwise be unpaid by the 
Issuer. The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct and 
unconditional, unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, 
backed by the Cover Pool as provided under the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law. 
The recourse of the Beneficiaries to the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be limited 
to the assets of the Cover Pool. Payments made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
will be made subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments, as 
applicable (each as defined below). 
 
Guarantor: the Guarantor is a corporate entity belonging to the Banco BPM Group. 
The authorised and issued quota capital of the Guarantor is €10,000.00 and 20 per cent 
is held by Stitching Bapoburg and 80 per cent by Banco BPM. The Guarantor has issued 
no voting securities other than such quotas. For further details, see section “The 
Guarantor” below; 
 
Cashflows: prior to service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor 
and provided that no Segregation Event has occurred and is continuing the Guarantor 
will: 
- 
apply Interest Available Funds to pay interest on the Converted Loans and/or 
Premium on the Term Loans, but only after payment of certain items ranking 
higher in the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments (including, but not 
limited to, certain expenses and any amount due and payable under the Swap 
Agreements). For further details of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of 
Payments, see “Cashflows” below; and 
- 
apply Principal Available Funds towards repaying Converted Loans and Term 
Loans but only after payment of certain items ranking higher in the relevant Pre-
Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments. For further details of the Pre-
Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments, see “Cashflows” below. 
After the occurrence of a Segregation Event, payments due under the Covered Bonds 
will continue to be made by the Issuer until an Issuer Default Notice has been served to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor will make payments in accordance with the Pre-Issuer 
Default Interest Priority of Payments and the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of

--- Page 84 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
84 
 
 
Payments, as described above. In such case, there shall be no further payments (whether 
of interest or principal) to the Subordinated Lender under any relevant Term Loan and 
the purchase price for any Eligible Assets or Substitution Assets to be acquired by the 
Guarantor shall be paid only by using the proceeds of a Term Loan, except where the 
breach referred to in the Breach of Tests Notice may be cured by using the Guarantor 
Available Funds. 
In case of compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or, to the 
greatest extent permissible by law and without prejudice to Condition 11.2(iv), 
resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer or following service on the Issuer and on the 
Guarantor of an Issuer Default Notice (but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default and 
service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor), the Guarantor will use all 
Guarantor Available Funds to pay Guaranteed Amounts when the same shall become 
Due for Payment, subject to paying certain higher ranking obligations of the Guarantor 
in the Guarantee Priority of Payments. In such circumstances, the Seller will only be 
entitled to receive payment from the Guarantor of interest, Premium and repayment of 
principal under the relevant Term Loans and Converted Loans after all amounts due 
under the Guarantee in respect of the Covered Bonds have been paid in full or have 
otherwise been provided for. 
Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice on the Guarantor, the Covered Bonds will become immediately due and 
repayable and Bondholders will then have a claim against the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee for an amount equal to their Principal Amount Outstanding plus any interest 
accrued in respect of each Covered Bond, together with accrued interest and any other 
amounts due under the Covered Bonds, and any Guarantor Available Funds will be 
distributed according to the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, as to which see 
“Cashflows” below. 
 
Mandatory Tests: the Programme provides that the assets of the Guarantor are subject 
to certain tests intended to ensure that the Guarantor can meet its obligations under the 
Guarantee as set out under Article 7-undecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds 
Law and to demonstrate their capacity to produce funds to service any payments due 
and payable under the Covered Bonds upon enforcement of the Guarantee. 
Accordingly, for so long as any Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer must 
always ensure that the following tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date: 
(a) 
Nominal Value Test: the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Eligible 
Cover Pool (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Eligible Swap 
Agreement (if any)) shall be higher than the Principal Amount Outstanding of 
all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with their Terms and Conditions as at the 
relevant Calculation Date, provided that the Minimum Overcollateralisation 
Requirement shall at all times be met; 
(b) 
Net Present Value Test: the net present value of the Eligible Cover Pool, taking 
into account any Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of the 
Integration Limits transferred pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement and the Cover Pool Management Agreement for the purposes of 
complying with the Nominal Value Test, (inclusive of any payments of any 
nature expected to be received by the Guarantor with respect to the Eligible

--- Page 85 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
85 
 
 
Swap Agreements (if any)), net of the transaction costs to be borne by the 
Guarantor (including the payments of any nature expected to be borne or due 
with respect to the Eligible Swap Agreements (if any) and the Expected 
Programme Unwinding Costs) shall be higher than or equal to the net present 
value of all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Terms and Conditions as 
at the relevant Calculation Date; 
(c) 
Interest Coverage Test: the amount of interest and other revenues generated by 
the assets included in the Eligible Cover Pool, taking into account any 
Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of the Integration Limits 
transferred pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement for the purposes of complying with the 
Nominal Value Test, (inclusive of any payments of any nature expected to be 
received by the Guarantor with respect to the Eligible Swap Agreements (if 
any)), net of the costs borne by the Guarantor (including the payments of any 
nature expected or due with respect to the Eligible Swap Agreements (if any)), 
shall be higher than the amount of interest due on all Series of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance 
with their Terms and Conditions as at the relevant Calculation Date. 
For a more detailed description, see section “Credit Structure - Tests” below. 
 
Asset Coverage Test: the Asset Coverage Test is intended to ensure that on the relevant 
Calculation Date, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount (as defined below) is at least 
equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds. The 
Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is the amount calculated pursuant to the formula set 
out in the Cover Pool Management Agreement. For a more detailed description, see 
section “Credit Structure - Tests” below. 
 
Amortisation Test: the Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that, on each Calculation 
Date following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the outstanding principal 
balance of the Eligible Cover Pool (which for such purpose is considered as an amount 
equal to the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount (as defined in section “Credit 
Structure - Tests”below)) is higher than or equal to the Euro Equivalent of the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and 
not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Terms and Conditions at the 
relevant Calculation Date. For a more detailed description, see section “Credit Structure 
- Tests” below. 
 
Liquidity Buffer Requirement: pursuant to article 7-duodecies of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bonds Law and with the Bank of Italy Regulations, the Issuer shall ensure 
that, on a continuing basis, the amount of Liquid Assets comprised in the Cover Pool is 
equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the 
Programme over the next 180 days, provided that, for the purposes of calculating the 
Net Liquidity Outflows, the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds shall 
be deemed to be due on the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date (where applicable) 
and not on the relevant Final Maturity Date. For a more detailed description, see section 
“Credit Structure - Liquidity Buffer Requirement” below.

--- Page 86 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
86 
 
 
 
Integration Limits: for the purposes of article 129 of the CRR, the aggregate amount of 
the Substitution Assets and the Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool shall not be 
in excess of the Integration Limits. In order to ensure the compliance of the Cover Pool 
with the Integration Limits. For a more detailed description, see section “Credit 
Structure - Integration Limits” below. 
 
Extendable obligations under the Guarantee: an Extended Maturity Date may be 
specified as applying in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds in the applicable Final 
Terms. This means that if the Issuer fails to pay the Final Redemption Amount of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the relevant Maturity Date and if the Guaranteed 
Amounts equal to the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds are not paid in full by the Guarantor on or before the Extension Determination 
Date (for example, because following the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the 
Guarantor the Guarantor has or will have insufficient moneys available in accordance 
with the Guarantee Priority of Payments to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts 
corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds), then payment of the unpaid amount pursuant to the Guarantee shall be 
automatically deferred and shall become due and payable by the Extended Maturity 
Date (subject to any applicable grace period). However, any amount representing the 
Final Redemption Amount (as defined below) due and remaining unpaid on the 
Extension Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any Guarantor Payment 
Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date within the 
limit of the Guarantor Available Funds. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid 
amount during such extended period and be payable on each Guarantor Payment Date 
up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 8 (Redemption and 
Purchase). 
 
Servicing: Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement: (i) the Guarantor has appointed the 
Servicer to carry out the administration, management and collection activities and to 
act as “soggetto incaricato della riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e 
pagamento” pursuant to article 2, sub paragraph 3, of the Securitisation and Covered 
Bonds Law in relation to the Cover Pool, and (ii) in case of accession of Additional 
Sellers to the Programme, the Servicer will delegate, as the case may be, to the 
Additional Seller, in its capacity as Sub-Servicer, responsibility for carrying out on 
behalf of the Guarantor the management, administration, collection and recovery 
activities with respect to the Receivables transferred by the Additional Seller to the 
Guarantor and to carry out certain monitoring and reporting activities with respect to 
the Receivables transferred by the Additional Seller to the Guarantor. 
Further Information: For a more detailed description of the transactions summarised above 
relating to the Covered Bonds, see, amongst other relevant sections of this Prospectus, 
“Overview of the Programme”, “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”, “Description 
of the Transaction Documents”, “Credit Structure”, “Cashflows and the Portfolio”, below.

--- Page 87 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
87 
 
 
SUPPLEMENTS, FINAL TERMS AND FURTHER PROSPECTUSES 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have undertaken that, for the duration of the Programme, (i) if at 
any time there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the 
Programme which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds, and/or (ii) on 
or before each anniversary of the date of this Prospectus, it shall prepare a supplement to this 
Prospectus (following consultation with the Arranger which will consult with the Dealer(s) and 
with the Representative of the Bondholders) or, as the case may be, publish a replacement 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Covered Bonds and shall 
supply to each Dealer any number of copies of such supplement as a Dealer may reasonably 
request. 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor may agree with the Dealer(s) to issue Covered Bonds 
in a form not contemplated in the sections entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds” and “Form of Final Terms”. To the extent that the information relating to that Tranche 
of Covered Bonds constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the information contained 
in this Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a Drawdown Prospectus) 
will be made available and will contain such information. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds will be the 
conditions set out in the section entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” as 
amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the Drawdown Prospectus or completed in 
the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Covered Bonds which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Prospectus to information being completed in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being 
specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires 
otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor and the relevant Covered Bonds 
or (2) by a registration document containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor, a securities note containing the necessary information relating to the 
relevant Covered Bonds and, if applicable, a summary note.

--- Page 88 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
88 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published 
simultaneously with this Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated 
by reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus:  
(a) 
the English translation of audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco 
BPM as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (the 2021 Annual Financial 
Statements), which were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., together with the 
audit report prepared in connection therewith. The 2021 Annual Financial Statements 
are available at https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/Consolidated-2021-
Annual-Report-post-assemblea.pdf; 
(b) 
the English translation of audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco 
BPM as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the 2022 Annual Financial 
Statements), which were audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., together with the 
audit report prepared in connection therewith. The 2022 Annual Financial Statements 
are 
available 
at 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/Annual-
Report_BPM_2022.pdf; 
(c) 
the English translation of the press release issued on 7 February 2023 on the 
consolidated results of Banco BPM as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2022 
(the 7 February 2023 Press Release), with exclusion of the first paragraph on page 2, 
which is available at https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/2023_02_07-
Banco-BPM-Group-Results-as-at-31-December-2022.pdf; 
(d) 
the English translation of the press release issued on 8 May 2023 on the consolidated 
results of Banco BPM as at and for the three months ended on 31 March 2023 (the 8 
May 
2023 
Press 
Release), 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/2023_05_08-Banco-BPM-Group-
results-Q1-2023.pdf; 
(e) 
the sections entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” on pages 89 to 148 
of the base prospectus relating to the programme dated 9 June 2022 (the 2022 
Prospectus), 
which 
is 
available 
at 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/BPM-OBG2-Base-Prospectus-9-June-
2022.pdf; 
(f) 
the English translation of articles of association (statuto) of the Issuer (incorporated for 
information purposes) (the Articles of Association), which is available at 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/Statuto-BBPM-ENG_15.04.2021.pdf;  
(g) 
the audited non consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2021, audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., together 
with the audit report prepared in connection therewith, which are available at 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/BPM-OBG2-Covered-Bond-
2_Financial-Statements-as-at-31-December-2021-with-Audit-Op_-Searchable.pdf; 
and 
(h) 
the audited non consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2022, audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., together

--- Page 89 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
89 
 
 
with the audit report prepared in connection therewith, which are available at 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/BPM-Covered-Bond-2_Financial-
Statements-as-at-31-December-2022-with-Audit-Op.pdf. 
Any statement contained in this Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference 
herein (including without limitation the documents listed under (a) to (i)) shall be deemed to 
be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained in any document which is subsequently incorporated by reference herein by way of 
a supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute 
a part of this Prospectus. 
Copies of this Prospectus and documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus can be 
obtained from the registered office of the Issuer, and from the principal office in Luxembourg 
of BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch (the Luxembourg Listing Agent) for the time being in 
Luxembourg and will also be available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s web site 
(https://www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-BcBPM/14202) and the Issuer’s website 
(https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/en/). 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of any Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. 
Cross Reference List 
The following table shows where the information incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus can be found in the above mentioned documents incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus. Any other information contained in any of the documents specified below that is 
not included in the cross-reference list below is either not relevant to investors or is covered 
elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
(a) 
Banco BPM S.p.A. 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
 
 
 
Banco BPM S.p.A. audited 
consolidated annual financial 
statements as at and for the 
financial year ended 31 December 
2021 
Significant Events During the Year 
Consolidated financial statements: 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
Consolidated Income statement 
Statement of consolidated 
comprehensive income 
Statement of changes in consolidated 
shareholders’ equity 
Consolidated cashflow statement 
Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements 
Independent Auditors’ Report on the 
consolidated financial statements 
28-38* 
 
142-143* 
144* 
145* 
 
146-147* 
 
148-149* 
152-497* 
 
504-513*

--- Page 90 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
90 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
 
 
 
Banco BPM S.p.A. audited 
consolidated annual financial 
statements as at and for the 
financial year ended 31 December 
2022 
Significant Events During the Year 
Consolidated financial statements: 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
Consolidated Income statement 
Statement of consolidated 
comprehensive income 
Statement of changes in consolidated 
shareholders’ equity 
Consolidated cashflow statement 
Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements 
Independent Auditors’ Report on the 
consolidated financial statements 
30-40* 
 
146-147* 
148* 
149* 
 
150-151* 
 
152-153* 
156-547*3 
 
555-565* 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 February 2023 Press Release 
Entire document, with the exclusion of the 
first paragraph on page 2 of the 7 
February 2023 Press Release 
1-29 
 
 
 
8 May 2023 Press Release 
Entire document, with the exclusion of (i) 
the second and third paragraphs on page 1 
and (ii) the last paragraph of the section 
entitled “Business Outlook” 
1-24 
 
 
 
2022 Prospectus  
Terms and conditions of the Covered 
Bonds 
89-148 
 
 
 
Articles of Association 
Entire document 
1-53 
 
(b) 
BPM Covered Bond 2 S.r.l. 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
 
BPM Covered Bond 2 S.r.l. 
audited non consolidated annual 
financial statements as at and for 
the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 
 
Balance sheet 
Income statement 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Statement of changes in quotaholders’ 
equity 
Statement of cash flows 
Explanatory notes 
 
24 
24 
25 
26-27 
 
28 
29-70 
                                                   
 
* The page numbers identified are those of the complete PDF version of the Consolidated Annual Report of Banco BPM 
relating to the year ended in December 2021 and 2022, respectively including, inter alia, the 2021 Annual Financial 
Statements and the 2022 Annual Financial Statements, respectively.

--- Page 91 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
91 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Report of independent auditors 
20-23 
 
 
 
 
BPM Covered Bond 2 S.r.l. 
audited non consolidated annual 
financial statements as at and for 
the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 
 
Balance sheet 
Income statement 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Statement of changes in quotaholders’ 
equity 
Statement of cash flows 
Explanatory notes 
Report of independent auditors 
 
21 
21 
22 
23-24 
 
25  
26-65 
17-20 
 
 
The information not included in the cross-reference lists above is not incorporated by reference. 
Part of the documents in the cross-reference list above has not been incorporated by reference 
and is considered either not relevant for an investor or is otherwise covered elsewhere in this 
Prospectus.

--- Page 92 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
92 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the Conditions and, 
each of them, a Condition). For the avoidance of doubt, the following Conditions do not apply 
to the Covered Bonds issued in registered form and the N Covered Bonds. In these Conditions, 
references to the “holder” of Covered Bonds and to the “Bondholders” are to the ultimate 
owners of the Covered Bonds, dematerialised and evidenced by book entries with Monte Titoli 
in accordance with the provisions of (i) Article 83-bis of the Financial Laws Consolidation Act 
and (ii) the joint regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and 
published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
The Bondholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit of, 
inter alia, the terms of the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders attached to, and 
forming part of, these Conditions. In addition, the applicable Final Terms in relation to any 
Series of Covered Bonds may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so 
specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for 
the purpose of such Series. 
In relation to N Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions of such Series of N Covered Bonds 
will be as set out in the N Covered Bond (and the relevant terms and conditions of the N 
Covered Bonds (the N Covered Bond Conditions) attached thereto) together with the N 
Covered Bond Agreement relating to such N Covered Bond. Any reference to a N Covered 
Bond Condition other than in this section shall be deemed to be, as applicable, a reference to 
the relevant provision of the N Covered Bond, the N Covered Bond Conditions attached thereto 
or the provisions of the N Covered Bond Agreement relating to such N Covered Bonds. 
Any reference to the Conditions or a Condition shall be a reference to the Conditions and/or 
the N Covered Bond Conditions and/or the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds issued 
in registered form as the context may require. Any reference to the Bondholders shall be 
referred to the Holders of the Covered Bonds and/ or the registered holder for the time being 
of a N Covered Bond or a Covered Bond issued in registered form as the context may require. 
The term “holder”, in respect of N Covered Bonds or Covered Bonds issued in registered form, 
means the ultimate registered owner of such N Covered Bonds and/or such Covered Bond 
issued in registered form as set out in the Register. 
Any reference to the Covered Bonds will be construed as to include the Covered Bonds issued 
under the Conditions and/or the N Covered Bonds and/or the Covered Bonds issued in 
registered form as the context may require. Any reference to the Principal Paying Agent will 
be construed as to include the Registered Paying Agent as the context may require. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Banco BPM (formerly Banca Popolare di Milano S.c. a r.l.) (the Issuer) 
has established a covered bond programme (the Programme) for the issuance of up to 
€10,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of European covered bonds 
(obbligazioni garantite europee) (the Covered Bonds) pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of this Prospectus and the conditions of the Programme Agreement and in 
accordance with Title 1-bis of law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 (as amended from time to 
time, the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law) which has implemented Directive 
(EU) 2019/2162 of 29 November 2019 establishing a common framework for covered

--- Page 93 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
93 
 
 
bonds and Part III, Chapter 3 of the Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (as 
amended from time to time, including on 30 March 2023, the Bank of Italy 
Regulations). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a Series) and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches of Covered Bonds (each a Tranche). Each Tranche is 
the subject of final terms (the Final Terms) which complete these terms and conditions 
(the Conditions). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the 
event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Guarantee: Each Series of Covered Bonds is the subject of a guarantee dated 31 August 
2015 (as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, the Guarantee) entered 
into between the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders for the purpose 
of guaranteeing the payments due from the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds of 
all Series issued under the Programme. The Guarantee will be backed by the Cover 
Pool (as defined below). The recourse of the Bondholders to the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee will be limited to the assets of the Cover Pool. Payments made by the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee will be made subject to, and in accordance with, the 
relevant Priority of Payments. 
(d) 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreement: The Issuer and the Dealer(s) have 
agreed that any Covered Bonds of any Tranche which may be agreed, from time to 
time, between the Issuer and the Dealer(s) to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed for 
by the relevant Dealer(s). Each Tranche shall be issued and subscribed for on the basis 
of, and in reliance upon, the representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnities 
made or given or to be made or given pursuant to the terms of a programme agreement 
(the Programme Agreement) entered into between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Bondholders and the Dealer(s). In relation to each Tranche of 
Covered Bonds the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) have entered into a subscription 
agreement on or about the date of the relevant Final Terms (the Subscription 
Agreement). According to the terms of the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has the 
faculty to nominate any institution as a new Dealer or in respect of the Programme or 
only in relation to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds upon satisfaction of certain 
conditions set out in the Programme Agreement. 
(e) 
Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement: In a mandate agreement with Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
(Monte Titoli), Monte Titoli has agreed to provide the Issuer with certain depository 
and administration services in relation to the Covered Bonds (the Monte Titoli 
Mandate Agreement). 
(f) 
Master Definitions Agreement: In a master definitions agreement between, inter alios, 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Other 
Guarantor Creditors (as defined below), the definitions of certain terms used in the 
Transaction Documents have been agreed (the Master Definitions Agreement). 
(g) 
The Covered Bonds: Except where otherwise stated, any subsequent reference to 
Covered Bonds in these Conditions shall be referred to the Covered Bonds which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms, but all references to “each Series of Covered 
Bonds” are to (i) the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms

--- Page 94 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
94 
 
 
and (ii) each other Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme which 
remains outstanding from time to time. 
(h) 
Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders: The rules of the organisation of 
bondholders are attached to, and form an integral part of, these Conditions. Any 
reference to the Rules in these Conditions includes such rules as modified from time to 
time in accordance both with the provisions contained therein and with any agreement 
or document expressed to be supplemental thereto (the Rules). 
(i) 
Summaries: Some provisions of these Conditions are summaries across the Transaction 
Documents and remain subject to the more detailed provisions provided thereon. 
Bondholders are entitled to, are bound by and are deemed to have notice of any of the 
provision of any Transaction Document which is applicable to them. During normal 
business hours Bondholders can inspect copies of the Transaction Documents at the 
registered office of the Representative of the Bondholders and, where applicable, at the 
Specified Office(s) of the Paying Agents. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following 
meanings: 
Account means each of the Banco BPM Accounts and the BNPP Accounts and any 
other account which may be opened in the name of the Guarantor pursuant to the terms 
of the Transaction Documents. 
Account Bank means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch or any other entity acting as account 
bank pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Account Bank Report Date means the date falling two Business Days prior to each 
Calculation Date. 
Account Bank Report means the report produced by the Account Bank pursuant to 
the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Account Mandates means the resolutions, instructions and signatures authorities 
relating to each of the Accounts. 
Accrued Interest means, as of any date and in relation to any Receivable to be assigned 
as at that date, the portion of the Interest Instalment accrued, but not yet due, as at such 
date. 
Accrual Yield has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
ACT or Asset Coverage Test means the tests which will be carried out pursuant to the 
terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement in order to ensure that, on the relevant 
Calculation Date, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the 
aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds. 
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 95 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
95 
 
 
Additional Criteria means, with respect to the Initial Portfolio, the criteria listed in 
schedule 2 to the relevant Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and with respect to 
any Subsequent Portfolios of Receivables, the criteria listed in schedule 3 to the relevant 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Additional Seller means any additional seller which may from time to time enter into 
the Programme. 
Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount means the amount calculated pursuant to the 
formula set out in clause 3.2 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Adjustment Purchase Price means the adjusted purchase price payable under clause 
5.3 of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Administrative Services Agreement means the agreement entered into on 14 October 
2021 between the Guarantor and the Guarantor Administrative Servicer pursuant to 
which the Guarantor Administrative Servicer will provide certain administration 
services to the Guarantor, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Affected Party has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Swap Agreements. 
Affected Receivables has the meaning specified in clause 8.1 of the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement. 
Amortisation Test means the test intended to ensure that on each Calculation Date, 
following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the outstanding principal balance of 
the Cover Pool which for such purpose is considered as an amount equal to the 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is higher than or equal to the Euro 
Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their 
Terms and Conditions at the relevant Calculation Date. 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount means the amount calculated pursuant 
to the formula set out in the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Amortising Covered Bonds means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Arranger means Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and any other entity appointed as an 
arranger for the Programme. 
Article 74 Event means the issuance of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act in respect of the Issuer.  
Article 74 Event Cure Notice means the notice to be served by the Representative of 
the Bondholders on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor, stating that the 
Article 74 Event has been revoked.

--- Page 96 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
96 
 
 
Asset Monitor means BDO Italia S.p.A. or any other entity appointed from time to 
time to act as such in accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement entered into on 31 
August 2015 between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer, as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Asset Monitor Report Date has the meaning set out in Clause 1.2 (Other definitions) 
of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Availability Period means the period from the date of execution of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement to the Programme Maturity Date (or the Extended Programme 
Maturity Date, as the case may be). 
Back-up Account Bank means Banco BPM or any other entity appointed to act as such 
pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Back-up Servicer means any back-up servicer which may be appointed pursuant to the 
terms of the Servicing Agreement. 
Banco BPM S.p.A. or Banco BPM means a bank incorporated in Italy as a società per 
azioni, having its registered office at Piazza F. Meda, 4, Milan, Italy, and registered 
with the Companies’ Register of Milan under number 09722490969, and with the 
register of banking groups held by the Bank of Italy “Codice meccanografico” 5034 
under number 8065 and authorised to carry out business in Italy pursuant to the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
Banco BPM Group means, together, the banks and other companies belonging from 
time to time to Banco BPM banking group, enrolled with the register of banking groups 
held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Banco BPM Accounts means each of the Collection Account, the Expenses Account, 
the Quota Capital Account, the Banco BPM Transaction Account, the Banco BPM 
Reserve Account and the Banco BPM Securities Account. 
Banco BPM Reserve Account means the euro denominated account established in the 
name of the Guarantor with the Collection Account Bank number 2577 (IBAN: IT94-
P-05034-11701-000000002577), or such other substitute or additional accounts, as may 
be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment 
Agreement. 
Banco BPM Securities Account means the euro denominated account which may be 
established in the name of the Guarantor with the Collection Account Bank, or such 
other substitute or additional accounts, as may be opened in accordance with the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Banco BPM Transaction Account means the euro denominated account established 
in the name of the Guarantor with the Collection Account Bank number 2576 (IBAN: 
IT20-O-05034-11701-000000002576), or such other substitute or additional accounts, 
as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment 
Agreement.

--- Page 97 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
97 
 
 
Bank of Italy Regulations means Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di vigilanza 
per le banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as subsequently replaced by 
Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” (Circolare No. 285 
of 17 December 2013) dated 30 March 2023, as amended or supplemented from time 
to time. 
Bank of Italy Regulations for Financial Intermediaries means the “Istruzioni di 
Vigilanza per gli Intermediari Finanziari” (Circolare No. 288 of 3 April 2015), as 
subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Benchmarks Regulation means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 
596/2014. 
Beneficiaries means the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors and any other 
person or entity entitled to receive a payment from the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
under the Programme, in accordance with article 7-octies of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bonds Law. 
BNPP Accounts means, collectively, the BNPP Reserve Account, the BNPP Securities 
Account and the BNPP Transaction Account. 
BNPP Reserve Account means the euro denominated account established in the name 
of 
the 
Guarantor 
with 
the 
Account 
Bank 
number 
802040901 
(IBAN: 
IT10A0347901600000802040901), or such other substitute account as may be opened 
in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
BNPP Securities Account means the euro denominated account established in the 
name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank with number 2040900, or such other 
substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payment Agreement. 
BNPP Transaction Account means the euro denominated account established in the 
name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank number 802040900 (IBAN: 
IT40Z0347901600000802040900), or such other substitute account as may be opened 
in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Bondholders means the holders from time to time of any Covered Bonds of each Series 
of Covered Bonds. 
Breach of Tests Notice means the notice delivered by the Representative of the 
Bondholders in accordance with clause 4.7 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Broken Amount(s) means the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings:

--- Page 98 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
98 
 
 
(i) 
Following Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day 
Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day; 
(iii) 
Preceding Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds 
to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it 
will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
No Adjustment means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention. 
Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are 
generally open for business in Milan, Luxembourg and London and on which the real 
time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (T2) (or any successor 
thereto) is open. 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Calculation Agent means Banco BPM or any other entity acting as calculation agent 
pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Calculation Date means the date falling three Business Days prior to each Guarantor 
Payment Date. 
Calculation Period means the period from one Calculation Date (included) to the next 
Calculation Date (excluded).

--- Page 99 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
99 
 
 
Call Option has the meaning given in the Condition 8(d). 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement means the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payment Agreement entered into on 31 August 2015 between the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Seller, the Account Bank, the Collection 
Account Bank, the Investment Manager, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the 
Guarantor Administrative Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, 
the Back-up Account Bank and the Representative of the Bondholders, as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Civil Code means the Italian civil code, enacted by Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 March 
1942, as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg with offices 
at 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Collateral Account has the meaning set out in Clause 7.3 of the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
Collateral Security means any security (including any loan mortgage insurance and 
excluding Mortgage) granted to any Seller by any Debtor in order to guarantee or secure 
the payment and/or repayment of any amounts due under the Mortgages Loan 
Agreements. 
Collection Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of 
the Guarantor with the Collection Account Bank number 83300 (IBAN: 
IT04O0558401600000000083300), or such other substitute or additional accounts, as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment 
Agreement, and the Collection Accounts means all of them. 
Collection Account Bank means Banco BPM S.p.A. or any other entity acting as 
account bank pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Collection Period means each quarterly period, commencing on (and including) the 
first calendar day of each of January, April, July, October and ending on (and including) 
the last calendar day of March, June, September and December, in the case of the first 
Collection Period, commencing on (and excluding) the Valuation Date and ending on 
(and including) the last calendar day of the month preceding the first Guarantor 
Payment Date. 
Collections means all amounts received or recovered by the Servicer and/or any Sub-
Servicer in respect of the Receivables. 
Common Criteria means the criteria listed in schedule 1 to the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
Conditions means the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and Condition 
means a condition thereof. 
CONSOB means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa.

--- Page 100 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
100 
 
 
Consolidated Banking Act means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, 
as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Converted Loan means a loan (i) originally granted as a Term Loan advanced for the 
purpose of financing (in whole or in part) the purchase of Eligible Assets to be used as 
collateral for the issuance of a Series of Covered Bonds, whose interest and redemption 
profile changes in accordance with Clause 7.5 of the Subordinated Loan Agreement 
upon issuance of the relevant Corresponding Series of Covered Bonds. 
Corporate Services Agreement means the agreement entered into on 26 August 2015 
between the Guarantor and the Guarantor Corporate Servicer pursuant to which the 
Guarantor Corporate Servicer will provide certain administration services to the 
Guarantor, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Corresponding Series of Covered Bonds means, in respect of a Converted Loan, the 
Series of Covered Bonds issued pursuant to the Programme and notified by the 
Subordinated Lender to the Guarantor in the Term Loan Conversion Notice. 
Covered Bonds means each series of European covered bonds (obbligazioni garantite 
europee) issued or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to the terms and conditions of 
this Prospectus and the conditions of the Programme Agreement and in accordance with 
Title 1-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law which has implemented 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of 29 November 2019 establishing a common framework for 
covered bonds and the Bank of Italy Regulations, including, without limitation, the 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form and the N Covered Bonds. 
Cover Pool means the cover pool constituted by (i) Receivables; (ii) any other Eligible 
Assets; (iii) any Substitution Assets; and (iv) any Liquid Assets. 
Cover Pool Swap Agreement means the swap agreement that the Guarantor and the 
Cover Pool Swap Provider may enter into from time to time in respect of the Cover 
Pool. 
Cover Pool Management Agreement means the agreement entered into on 31 August 
2015 between the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Subordinated Lender, the 
Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and the Representative of the Bondholders, as 
amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Credit and Collection Policy means the procedures for the management, collection 
and recovery of Receivables attached as schedule 1 to the Servicing Agreement. 
Criteria means, collectively, the Common Criteria, the Additional Criteria (as listed, 
respectively, in schedules 1, 2 and 3 to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement) 
and any Further Criteria determined pursuant to the terms of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreements. 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 and as amended by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 29 
November 2019 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds.

--- Page 101 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
101 
 
 
Custodian means any entity, selected by the Issuer, with which the Covered Bonds 
issued in registered form or the N Covered Bond Certificate shall be sub-deposited. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the Calculation Period), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means: 
a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) 
the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if 30/360 is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30𝑥(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 102 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
102 
 
 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30”; 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30𝑥(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D196 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30𝑥(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 103 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
103 
 
 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period. 
Dealer means each of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo 
Banco BPM and any other entity which may be appointed as such by the Issuer upon 
execution of a letter in the terms or substantially in the terms set out in schedule 6 (Form 
of Dealer Accession Letter) of the Programme Agreement. 
Debtor means any borrower and any other person, other than a Mortgagor, who entered 
into a Mortgage Loan Agreement as principal debtor or guarantor or who is liable for 
the payment or repayment of amounts due in respect of a Mortgage Loan, as a 
consequence, inter alia, of having granted any Collateral Security or having assumed 
the borrower’s obligation under an accollo, or otherwise. 
Decree No. 239 means the Italian Legislative Decree number 239 of 1 April 1996, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Deed of Charge means the English law deed of charge to be entered upon execution 
by the Guarantor of any Swap Agreement between the Guarantor and the 
Representative of the Bondholders (acting as trustee for the Bondholders and for the 
Other Guarantor Creditors) and/or each supplemental deed entered into pursuant 
thereto. 
Defaulting Party has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Swap Agreements. 
Documentation means any documentation relating to the Eligible Assets, Substitution 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets comprised in the Portfolio. 
Drawdown Date means the date on which a Term Loan is advanced under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreements during the Availability Period and that corresponds to:

--- Page 104 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
104 
 
 
(a) 
in respect of the Initial Portfolio, the date on which the relevant purchase price 
has to be paid to Banco BPM S.p.A., as the case may be, by the Guarantor 
pursuant to the terms of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement; and 
(b) 
in respect of any Subsequent Portfolio of Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets 
(if transferred for the purpose of ensuring the compliance of the Cover Pool with 
the Tests) and/or Liquid Assets, the date on which the purchase price for such 
Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets has to be paid to 
Banco BPM by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and/or the Cover Pool Management Agreement (as 
applicable). 
Due for Payment means the requirement for the Guarantor to pay any Guaranteed 
Amounts following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice after the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default, such requirement arising: 
(a) 
prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, on the date on which 
the Guaranteed Amounts are due and payable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the Final Terms of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the date on which the 
Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor. 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds 
that has or have the earliest Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is 
not subject to an Extended Maturity Date) or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an Extended Maturity Date) as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, 
the principal amount together with any interest thereof of such Series or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Early Redemption Date means, as applicable, the Optional Redemption Date (Call), 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) or the date on which any Series of Covered Bonds 
is to be redeemed pursuant to Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Early Termination Amount means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms. 
Effective Date means the date on which, respectively, the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement have been entered into. 
Eligible Assets means the Receivables arising from the Residential Mortgage Loans. 
Eligible Cover Pool means the aggregate amount of Eligible Assets, Substitution 
Assets and Liquid Assets (including (i) any sum standing to the credit of the Accounts 
and (ii) the Eligible Investments) provided that (i) any Non Performing Receivable and 
those Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquid Assets for which a breach of the

--- Page 105 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
105 
 
 
representations and warranties granted under Clause 3(c)(i) of the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement has occurred and has not been remedied will not be considered 
for the purpose of the calculation, (ii) any Residential Mortgage Loan in respect of 
which the relevant loan to value ratio exceeds the percentage limit set forth under article 
129, paragraph 1, of the CRR will be calculated up to an amount of principal which – 
taking into account the market value of the Real Estate Assets related to that Residential 
Mortgage Loan allows the compliance with such percentage limit, (iii) the aggregate of 
the Substitution Assets and Liquid Assets in excess of the Integration Limits will not 
be considered for the purposes of the calculation, (iv) in accordance with article 7-
undecies, paragraph 2, letter a) of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, unsecured 
receivables, in case a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR occurs, will not be 
considered for the purpose of the calculation, (v) any Mortgage Receivable which is 
secured by a Real Estate Asset which is not insured against the risk for damages in 
accordance with article 7-nonies, paragraph 2, letter a), of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bonds Law will not be considered for the purpose of the calculation, and (vi) 
any Eligible Swap Agreement will be considered only for the purposes of the 
calculation of the Net Present Value Test and the Interest Coverage Test. 
Eligible Institution means any depository institution organised under the laws of any 
state which is a member of the European Union, United Kingdom, Switzerland or of 
the United States, (I) whose short-term bank deposits are rated at least “P-3” by 
Moody’s (or any other rating level from time to time provided for in the Rating 
Agency’s criteria) and whose long term bank deposit rating is at least “Baa3” by 
Moody’s (or any other rating level from time to time provided for in the Rating 
Agency’s criteria), or (II) whose obligations are guaranteed by an entity whose short-
term bank deposit rating is at least “P-3” by Moody’s (or any other rating level from 
time to time provided for in the Rating Agency’s criteria), and whose long-term bank 
deposit rating is at least “Baa3” by Moody’s (or any other rating level from time to time 
provided for in the Rating Agency’s criteria). 
Eligible Investment means: 
(a) 
any Euro denominated security rated at least “Baa3” and/or “P-3” by Moody’s, 
where they have a maturity of up to 30 calendar days or, if greater than 30 
calendar days, which may be liquidated without loss within 30 days of a 
downgrade below “P-3” by Moody’s; and/or 
(b) 
any Euro denominated security rated at least “Baa2” and/or “P-2” by Moody’s, 
where they have a maturity of greater than 30 and up to 90 calendar days or, if 
greater than 90 calendar days, which may be liquidated without loss within 90 
days of a downgrade below “P-3” by Moody’s; and/or 
(c) 
any Euro denominated security rated at least “A3” and/or “P–1” by Moody’s, 
where they have a maturity of greater than 90 and up to 180 calendar days or, if 
greater than 180 calendar days, which may be liquidated without loss within 
180 days of a downgrade below “P-3” by Moody’s; and/or 
(d) 
reserve accounts, deposit accounts, and other similar accounts that provide 
direct liquidity and/or credit enhancement held at a financial institution rated at 
least “Baa3” and/or “P-3” by Moody’s; and/or

--- Page 106 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
106 
 
 
(e) 
securities lending transactions with the counterparty acting as borrower 
regulated under the Global Master Securities Lending Agreements governed by 
English law,provided that (i) the underlying securities comply with the 
requirements set out in paragraphs (a) to (d) above, (ii) the counterparty acting 
as borrower of the Guarantor acting as lender under the securities lending 
transaction is a credit institution (including, without limitation, the Account 
Bank, to the extent they qualify as Eligible Institutions) qualifying as an Eligible 
Institution, (iii) such securities lending transactions are immediately repayable 
on demand subject to a notice period, disposable without penalty or loss or have 
a maturity date falling no later than the immediately following Eligible 
Investment Maturity Date, (iv) the counterparty acting as borrower of the 
Guarantor has acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement and has agreed to be 
bound by the provisions thereof and (v) in case of downgrade of the relevant 
counterparty below the minimum ratings by Moody’s, the Guarantor shall 
terminate in advance the securities lending transaction within 35 calendar days 
from the downgrade, 
provided in all cases that (A) any such investments mature on or before the next 
following Guarantor Payment Date or are disposable at no loss, (B) if any such 
investments consist of exposures to credit institutions, they shall be (i) exposures to 
credit institutions qualifying for “credit quality step” 1 or “credit quality step” 2, or (ii) 
exposures in the form of deposits with an original maturity not exceeding 100 days to 
credit institutions qualifying for “credit quality step” 3 under the CRR; (C) none of the 
Eligible Investments set out above may consist, in whole or in part, actually or 
potentially, of credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the transfer of credit 
risk by means of credit derivatives nor may any amount available to the Guarantor in 
the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in any such instruments at any 
time; (D) no amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme may 
be otherwise invested in asset backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, 
status, or ranking at any time; and (E) any such investments shall comply with the 
requirements under article 129 of the CRR.  
Eligible Investment Date means any Business Day on which the Eligible Investments 
are made. 
Eligible Investment Maturity Date means two Business Days before each Guarantor 
Payment Date. 
Eligible Swap Agreement means any Swap Agreement which meets the requirements 
of article 129, paragraph 1, letter c), point ii), of the CRR and article 7-decies of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law. 
EU Directive on the Reorganisation and Winding up of Credit Institutions means 
Directive 2001/24/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 April 2001 
on the reorganisation and winding up of credit institutions, as amended, supplemented 
or replaced from time to time. 
EU Insolvency Regulation means EU Insolvency Regulation 2015/848/EU, as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
EURIBOR shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 107 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
107 
 
 
Euro, € and EUR refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union 
which adopt the single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing 
the European Community. 
Euro Equivalent means, in case of an issuance of Covered Bonds denominated in 
currency other than the Euro, an equivalent amount expressed in Euro calculated at the 
prevailing exchange rate. 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank SA/NV, with offices at 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
B-1210 Brussels. 
Euro-Zone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union which 
adopt the euro in accordance with the Treaty. 
Excess Assets means, collectively, any Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets forming part of the Cover Pool which are in excess of the value of such 
assets required to satisfy the Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Requirement. 
Excess Receivables means any Receivables forming part of the Cover Pool which arise 
from Mortgage Loans that are in excess of the value of the Mortgage Loans required to 
satisfy the Asset Coverage Tests. 
Expected Programme Unwinding Costs means any expected cost related to the 
maintenance and administration for the unwinding of the Programme calculated as a 
lump sum as set out in schedule 3 (Expected Programme Unwinding Costs) to the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement. 
Expenses means any documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid to 
any third party creditors (other than the Bondholders and the Guarantor Secured 
Creditors) arising in connection with the Programme, and required to be paid in order 
to preserve the existence of the Guarantor or to maintain it in good standing, or to 
comply with applicable laws and legislation. 
Expenses Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor 
with 
the 
Collection 
Account 
Bank 
number 
83344 
(IBAN: 
IT21A0558401600000000083344), or such other substitute account as may be opened 
in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Expiry Date means the date falling two years and one day after the date on which all 
Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled 
or redeemed in full in accordance with their terms and conditions. 
Extended Maturity Date means the date when final redemption payments in relation 
to a specific Series of Covered Bonds become due and payable pursuant to the extension 
of the relevant Maturity Date. 
Extended Programme Maturity Date means the date falling one year after the 
Programme Maturity Date. 
Extension Determination Date means, with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds, 
the date falling 5 (five) days after the Maturity Date of the relevant Series.

--- Page 108 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
108 
 
 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
Facility means the facility to be granted by the Subordinated Lender pursuant to the 
terms of Clause 2 of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Final Terms means, in relation to any issue of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
relevant terms contained in the applicable Transaction Documents and, in case of any 
Series of Covered Bonds to be admitted to listing, the final terms submitted to the 
appropriate listing authority on or before the date of issue of the applicable Series of 
Covered Bonds. 
Financial Laws Consolidation Act means the Italian Legislative Decree number 58 of 
24 February 1998, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
First Interest Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
First Issue Date means the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme. 
First Series of Covered Bonds means the first Series of Covered Bonds issued by the 
Issuer in the context of the Programme on 14 September 2015. 
Fixed Coupon Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Provisions means Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions). 
Floating Rate Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Provisions means the relevant provisions of Condition 6 (Floating Rate 
Provisions and Benchmark Replacement). 
FSMA means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
Further Criteria means the criteria identified in accordance with Clause 2.4(c) of the 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreements. 
Guarantee means the guarantee issued on 31 August 2015 by the Guarantor for the 
benefit of the Beneficiaries, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Guarantee Priority of Payments means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Guarantor Available Funds shall be applied, following the delivery of an Issuer Default 
Notice, on each Guarantor Payment Date. 
Guaranteed Amounts means any amounts due from time to time to the Beneficiaries 
and, in particular:

--- Page 109 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
109 
 
 
(a) 
prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the amounts due and payable 
on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of 
Payments; and 
(b) 
after the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the amounts described in letter 
(a) above, plus any additional amounts relating to premiums, default interest, 
prepayments, early redemption or broken funding indemnities payable in 
accordance with the Post-enforcement Priority of Payments. 
Guaranteed Obligations means the payment obligations with respect to the 
Guaranteed Amounts. 
Guarantor means BPM Covered Bond 2 S.r.l., a company incorporated in Italy as a 
limited liability company (società a responsabilità limitata) pursuant to the 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, with a share capital equal to Euro 10.000,00, 
having its registered office in Via Curtatone 3, 00185 Rome, enrolled with the 
Companies’ Register of Rome under number 13317131004, enrolled with the register 
held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Guarantor Administrative Servicer means Banco BPM S.p.A. or any other entity 
acting as such pursuant to the Administrative Services Agreement. 
Guarantor Available Funds means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the 
Principal Available Funds. 
Guarantor Corporate Servicer means KPMG Fides Servizi di Amministrazione 
S.p.A. or any other entity acting as such pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement. 
Guarantor Default Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.3 (Guarantor 
Events of Default). 
Guarantor Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.3 (Guarantor 
Events of Default). 
Guarantor Payment Date means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default 
Notice, the date falling on the 18th day of each of January, April, July and October or, 
if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day, with the 
first Guarantor Payment Date being 18 October 2015; and (b) following the delivery of 
a Guarantor Default Notice, any day on which any payment is required to be made by 
the Representative of the Bondholders in accordance with the Post-Enforcement 
Priority of Payments, the relevant Terms and Conditions and the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
Individual Purchase Price means (a) the most recent book value (ultimo valore di 
iscrizione in bilancio) of the relevant Eligible Asset, Substitution Asset or Liquid Asset, 
minus all principal Collections received by the relevant Seller (from the Business Day 
following the date on which the most recent book value (ultimo valore di iscrizione in 
bilancio) is calculated (included) to the relevant Valuation Date (excluded)) and 
increased of any Accrued Interest on such Eligible Asset, Substitution Asset or Liquid 
Asset as at the relevant Transfer Date; or, at the option of the relevant Seller (b) such 
other value, as indicated by the relevant Seller in the Transfer Notice, as will allow the

--- Page 110 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
110 
 
 
Seller to consider each duty or tax due as if the relevant Eligible Asset, Substitution 
Asset or Liquid Asset had not been transferred for the purpose of article 7-bis, 
subparagraph 7 (as subsequently replaced by article 7-viciester) of the Securitisation 
and Covered Bonds Law and in relation to which an auditing firm has certified that 
from their verifications there is no reason to believe that the criteria applied to calculate 
the purchase price of the relevant Eligible Asset, Substitution Asset or Liquid Asset are 
different from those applicable to the relevant Seller in the preparation of its financial 
statements. 
Initial Portfolio Purchase Price means the consideration paid by the Guarantor to the 
Seller for the transfer of the Initial Portfolio, calculated in accordance with Clause 4.1 
of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Initial Portfolio means the initial portfolio of Receivables purchased by the Guarantor 
from the Seller pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Insolvency Event means in respect of any company, entity or corporation that: 
(a) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable 
liquidation, administration, insolvency, composition or reorganisation judicial 
liquidation (liquidazione giudiziale), compulsory administrative liquidation 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa), recovery plans (piani di risanamento), 
debt restructuring agreements (accordi di ristrutturazione del debito), 
extraordinary administration (amministrazione straordinaria), negotiated crisis 
settlement and simplified composition (composizione negoziata della crisi and 
concordato semplificato, each such expression bearing the meaning ascribed to 
it by the laws of the Republic of Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, 
winding-up, reorganisation, dissolution, administration) or similar proceedings 
or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such 
company, entity or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any procedure 
having a similar effect (other than in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of 
assets purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of further programme of 
issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the Representative of the 
Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser 
selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a 
reasonable prospect of success; or 
(b) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) above 
is made in respect of or by such company, entity or corporation or such 
proceedings are otherwise initiated against such company or corporation and, in 
the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders (who may in this respect 
rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), the commencement of such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of 
success; or 
(c) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment of 
deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors (other than, 
in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Transaction Documents) or is 
granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness 
or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of

--- Page 111 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
111 
 
 
payments (other than, in respect of the Issuer, the occurrence of an Article 74 
Event); or 
(d) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, 
liquidation or dissolution in any form of such company, entity or corporation or 
any of the events under article 2484 of the Civil Code occurs with respect to 
such company, entity or corporation (except in any such case a winding-up or 
other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or 
reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously approved in writing by 
the Representative of the Bondholders); or 
(e) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings 
equivalent or analogous to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in 
which such company or corporation is deemed to carry on business. 
Instalment means with respect to each Mortgage Loan Agreement, each instalment 
due from the relevant Debtor thereunder and which consists of an Interest Instalment 
and a Principal Instalment. 
Insurance Companies means the companies with whom the Insurance Policies are 
held. 
Insurance Policies means the insurance policies taken out with the Insurance 
Companies in relation to each Real Estate Asset and each Mortgage Loan. 
Integration Limits means the limits set forth under article 129, paragraph 1a., of the 
CRR, as may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time, being as at the date 
hereof:  
(a) 
for exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, the 
exposure shall not exceed 15% of the nominal amount of outstanding covered 
bonds of the issuing credit institution;  
(b) 
for exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2, the 
exposure shall not exceed 10% of the nominal amount of outstanding covered 
bonds of the issuing credit institution; 
(c) 
for exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 that take 
the form of short‐term deposits, as referred to in article 129, paragraph 1(c)(i) 
of the CRR, or the form of derivative contracts, as referred to in article 129, 
paragraph 1(c)(ii) of the CRR, the total exposure shall not exceed 8% of the 
nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the issuing credit institution; 
the competent authorities designated pursuant to Article 18(2) of Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 may, after consulting European Banking Authority, allow exposures 
to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 in the form of derivative 
contracts, provided that significant potential concentration problems in the 
Member States concerned due to the application of credit quality step 1 and 2 
requirements referred to in this paragraph can be documented; 
(d) 
the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 
3 shall not exceed 15% of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of

--- Page 112 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
112 
 
 
the issuing credit institution and the total exposure to credit institutions that 
qualify for credit quality step 2 or 3 shall not exceed 10% of the nominal amount 
of outstanding covered bonds of the issuing credit institution. 
Intercreditor Agreement means the agreement entered into on 31 August 2015 
between the Guarantor and the Other Guarantor Creditors, as amended, supplemented 
or restated from time to time. 
Interest Amount means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and an Interest 
Period, the amount of interest payable in respect of that Series for that Interest Period. 
Interest Available Funds means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the 
aggregate of, without double counting: 
(a) 
any interest amounts collected by the Servicer and/or any Sub-Servicers in 
respect of the Cover Pool and credited into the relevant Collection Account 
during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(b) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest received by the Servicer and/or any Sub-
Servicers and credited to the relevant Collection Account during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(c) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and 
paid on the Accounts during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(d) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account in excess of the 
Reserve Required Amount, and following the service of an Issuer Default 
Notice on the Guarantor, any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve 
Account; 
(e) 
any interest amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account; 
(f) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments; 
(g) 
subject to item (i) below, any amounts received under the Cover Pool Swap 
Agreement (if any), 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such 
amounts received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior 
to the next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be applied, 
together with any provision for such payments made on any preceding 
Calculation Date, (i) to make payments in respect of interest due and payable, 
pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Interest Swap Agreement or, 
as the case may be, (ii) to make payments in respect of interest due on the 
Covered Bonds under the Guarantee, pari passu and pro rata in respect of each 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds, or (iii) to make provision for the payment of 
such relevant proportion of such amounts to be paid on any other day up to the 
immediately following Guarantor Payment Date, as the Calculation Agent may 
reasonably determine, or otherwise (iv) to make payments to a Subordinated 
Lender under the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement as described in item 
Fifth (b) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments;

--- Page 113 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
113 
 
 
and provided further that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of 
Default, any such amounts received or to be received on or after such Guarantor 
Payment Date (included) but prior to the next following Guarantor Payment 
Date (excluded) which are not used to make the payments or provisions set out 
under the preceding paragraph will be credited to the Transaction Account and 
applied as Interest Available Funds on such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(h) 
subject to item (i) below, any amounts received under the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreements other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts, 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such 
amounts received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior 
to the next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be applied (i) to 
make payments in respect of interest due and payable under the Subordinated 
Loan Agreements or, as the case may be, (ii) together with any provision for 
such payment made on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date, to make 
payments in respect of interest on the Covered Bonds under the Guarantee, pro 
rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds; 
and provided further that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of 
Default, any such amounts received on or to be received after such Guarantor 
Payment Date (included) but prior to the next following Guarantor Payment 
Date (excluded) which are not used to make the payments or provisions set out 
under the preceding paragraph will be credited to the Transaction Account and 
applied as Interest Available Funds on such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(i) 
any swap termination payments received from a Swap Provider under a Swap 
Agreement (if any), 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such 
amounts received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior 
to the next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be applied (i) to 
make payments in respect of interest due and payable under the Subordinated 
Loan Agreements or, as the case may be, (ii) together with any provision for 
such payment made on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date, to make 
payments in respect of interest on the Covered Bonds under the Guarantee, pro 
rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds; 
and provided further that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of 
Default, any such amounts received on or to be received after such Guarantor 
Payment Date (included) but prior to the next following Guarantor Payment 
Date (excluded) which are not used to make the payments or provisions set out 
under the preceding paragraph will be credited to the Transaction Account and 
applied as Interest Available Funds on such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(j) 
all interest amounts received from any Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the 
relevant Master Receivables Purchase Agreement during the immediately 
preceding Collection Period; 
(k) 
any amounts paid as Interest Shortfall Amount out of item (i) of the Pre-Issuer 
Default Principal Priority of Payments; and

--- Page 114 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
114 
 
 
(l) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the 
Guarantor Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the 
Transaction Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such 
other date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Interest Coverage Test means the test to be calculated pursuant to the terms of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement so that the amount of interest and other revenues 
generated by the assets included in the Cover Pool, taking into account any Substitution 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of the Integration Limit transferred pursuant to 
the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement for the purposes of complying with the Nominal Value Test, (including the 
payments of any nature expected to be received by the Guarantor with respect to any 
Eligible Swap Agreement), net of the costs borne by the Guarantor (including the 
payments of any nature expected to be received by the Guarantor or due to the Swap 
Providers with respect to any Eligible Swap Agreement), shall be at least equal to the 
amount of interest due on all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and 
not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Terms and Conditions at the 
relevant Calculation Date. 
Interest Determination Cut-off Date means the date which falls fifteen (15) calendar 
days before the end of the Interest Period relating to the Interest Determination Date in 
respect of which the provisions of Condition 6(f) (Benchmark discontinuation) shall be 
applied by the Issuer; 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Instalment means the interest component of each Instalment. 
Interest Payment Date means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates 
specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant 
Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case). 
Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 115 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
115 
 
 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement means each interest rate swap agreement that may be 
entered into between the Guarantor and an Interest Rate Swap Provider in the context 
of the Programme. 
Interest Rate Swap Provider means any entity acting as an interest rate swap provider 
pursuant to an Interest Rate Swap Agreement. 
Interest Shortfall Amount means, on any Guarantor Payment Date, an amount equal 
to the difference, if positive, between (a) the aggregate amounts payable under items 
First to Sixth of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments; and (b) the Interest 
Available Funds on such Guarantor Payment Date. 
Investment Manager Report means the report produced by the Investment Manager 
pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
Investment Manager means Banco BPM or any other entity acting as such pursuant 
to the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
ISDA Definitions means (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series) or 
(ii) if ISDA 2021 Definitions are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including 
each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), each as published by ISDA 
(or any successor) on its website (http://www.isda.org). 
ISDA Determination means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(g) (ISDA Determination). 
Issue Date means each date on which a Series of Covered Bonds is issued as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Issuer Default Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.2 (Issuer Events of 
Default). 
Issuer Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.2 (Issuer Events 
of Default). 
Issuer means Banco BPM. 
Italian Insolvency Code means the Italian Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 
2019 (Codice della crisi d’impresa e dell’insolvenza), as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time. 
Latest Valuation means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset, the value 
given to the relevant Real Estate Asset by the most recent valuation (to be performed 
in accordance with the requirements provided for under the Bank of Italy Regulations) 
addressed to the relevant Seller or obtained from an independently maintained valuation 
model, acceptable to reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage lenders in Italy. 
Liabilities means in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, 
claims, demands, expenses, judgements, actions, proceedings or other liabilities

--- Page 116 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
116 
 
 
whatsoever including legal fees and any taxes and penalties incurred by that person, 
together with any VAT or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect of any sum 
referred to in this definition. 
Liquid Assets means the assets identified under article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letter 
a) and letter b), of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, as may be amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time, being as at the date hereof: 
(i) 
high quality liquid assets pursuant to the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/61, adopted pursuant of article 460 of the CRR, which are not been 
issued by the bank itself, by its parent company, except that the latter is a public 
sector body other than one bank, by a subsidiary of the issuing bank or by 
another subsidiary of the parent company or by a securitisation with which the 
bank has close links; and 
(ii) 
exposures with an original term equal to or less than 90 (ninety) days to banks 
that are classified in the merit classes of credit 1 or 2 or short-term deposits with 
any bank classified in credit quality steps 1, 2 or 3, pursuant to the provisions 
of article 129, paragraph 1, letter c), of the CRR, as amended by Regulation 
(EU) no. 2160/2019, 
provided that such assets satisfy the requirements to qualify as Eligible Investments. 
Liquidity Buffer Requirement means the requirement set forth in article 7-duodecies 
of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law that the amount of Liquid Assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool shall, on a continuing basis, be equal to or higher than the 
maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 days, 
provided that, for the purposes of calculating the Net Liquidity Outflows, the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be due on the relevant 
Extended Final Maturity Date (where applicable) and not on the relevant Final Maturity 
Date. 
Loan Event of Default means the event specified as such in Clause 9 (Loan Event of 
Default) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Loan Interest Period means, in relation to a Term Loan, each period determined in 
accordance with Clause 6.2 of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Luxembourg Listing and Paying Agent means BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch or 
any other entity from time to time acting in such capacity. 
Mandate Agreement means the mandate agreement entered into on or about 31 August 
2015 between the Representative of the Bondholders and the Guarantor, as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Mandatory Tests means the tests provided for under article 7-undecies, paragraph 1, 
of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law.. 
Margin has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 117 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
117 
 
 
Master Definitions Agreement means the agreement entered into on 31 August 2015 
between the Guarantor and the Other Guarantor Creditors, as amended, supplemented 
or restated from time to time. 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement means any master receivables purchase 
agreement entered into between the Guarantor and a Seller, including the master 
receivables purchase agreement entered into between Banco BPM S.p.A. (formerly 
Banca Popolare di Milano S.c. a r.l.) and the Guarantor on 26 August 2015, as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Maturity Date means each date on which final redemption payments for a Series of 
Covered Bonds become due in accordance with the Final Terms but subject to it being 
extended to the Extended Maturity Date. 
Maturity Extension Trigger has the meaning given in Condition 8(a) 
Maximum Rate of Interest has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maximum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Meeting has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
Minimum Overcollateralisation Requirement means the requirement for a minimum 
overcollateralisation equal to 5%, as set out in article 129, paragraph 3-bis, of the CRR 
and in the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
Minimum Rate of Interest has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Monte Titoli means Monte Titoli S.p.A., a società per azioni having its registered office 
at Piazza degli Affari, 6, 20123 Milan, Italy.  
Monte Titoli Account Holders means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari 
aderenti) in accordance with article 79-quarter of the Financial Laws Consolidation 
Act and includes any depositary banks approved by Clearstream and Euroclear. 
Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement means the agreement entered into between the 
Issuer and Monte Titoli. 
Moody’s means Moody’s Deutschland GmbH or any of its successors. 
Mortgage Loan Agreement means any Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement out of 
which the Receivables arise. 
Mortgage Loan means a Residential Mortgage Loan the claims in respect of which 
have been and/or will be transferred by any Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the 
relevant Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Mortgages means the mortgage security interests (ipoteche) created on the Real Estate 
Assets pursuant to Italian law in order to secure claims in respect of the Receivables.

--- Page 118 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
118 
 
 
Mortgagor means any person, either a borrower or a third party, who has granted a 
Mortgage in favour of Banco BPM S.p.A. to secure the payment or repayment of any 
amounts payable in respect of a Mortgage Loan, and/or his/her successor in interest. 
N Covered Bondholders means the holders from time to time of any N Covered Bonds 
of each Series of N Covered Bonds. 
N Covered Bonds means the German law governed covered bonds issued in registered 
form (Gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibungen). 
N Covered Bond Agreement means, in respect of any Series of N Covered Bonds, an 
agreement to be entered into between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of 
the Bondholders and the relevant N Covered Bondholder. 
N Covered Bond Assignment Agreement means, in respect of any N Covered Bonds, 
an assignment agreement attached to each N Covered Bond Certificate. 
N Covered Bond Certificate means the certificate evidencing the N Covered Bonds. 
N Covered Bond Conditions means the terms and conditions of each N Covered Bond. 
Negative Carry Factor is a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the weighted average margin of the Covered Bonds and will, in any event, 
be not less than 0.50 per cent. 
Net Liquidity Outflows means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including 
principal and interest payments, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day 
for claims related to the Cover Pool, calculated in accordance with article 7-duodecies 
of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law and Title I-bis, Section III, paragraph 3, 
of the Bank of Italy Regulations, it being understood that, when the Maturity Date of a 
Series is extended to the relevant Extended Maturity Date, the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of such Series to be taken into account shall be based on the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date. 
Net Present Value Test means the test to be calculated pursuant to the terms of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement so that the net present value of the Cover Pool, 
taking into account any Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of the 
Integration Limit transferred pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement 
and the Cover Pool Management Agreement for the purposes of complying with the 
Nominal Value Test, (including the payments of any nature expected to be received by 
the Guarantor with respect to any Eligible Swap Agreement), net of the transaction 
costs to be borne by the Guarantor (including the payments of any nature expected to 
be borne or due with respect to any Eligible Swap Agreement and the Expected 
Programme Unwinding Costs) shall be higher than or equal to the net present value of 
all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed 
in full in accordance with their Terms and Conditions at the relevant Calculation Date. 
New CB Legislation Effective Date means 30 March 2023. 
Non Performing Receivables means any Receivable which qualifies as “non 
performing” in accordance with the CRR and the EU Regulation No. 680/2014, as 
amended from time to time, as implemented in Italy under the “Circolare della Banca

--- Page 119 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
119 
 
 
d’Italia del 30 Luglio 2008, n. 272 (Matrice dei Conti)”, as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time. 
Obligations means all the obligations of the Guarantor created by or arising under the 
Transaction Documents. 
Offer Date means, with respect to each Subsequent Portfolio, the date falling 5 (five) 
Business Days prior to each Transfer Date, in accordance with Clause 3.1 of the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana. 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Series of Covered 
Bonds, the principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified 
in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Series of Covered 
Bonds, the principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified 
in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Organisation of the Bondholders means the association of the Bondholders, 
organised pursuant to the rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders. 
Originator means Banco BPM S.p.A. in its capacity as such pursuant to the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Other Guarantor Creditors means the Sellers, the Servicer, the Sub-Servicers, the 
Back-Up Servicer, the Subordinated Lenders, the Investment Manager, the Calculation 
Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Asset Monitor, the Cover Pool Swap 
Provider (if any), the Interest Rate Swap Providers (if any), the Account Bank, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the 
Guarantor Administrative Servicer, the Portfolio Manager (if any), the Registered 
Paying Agent (if any) and the Registrar (if any). 
Outstanding Principal Balance means any Principal Balance outstanding in respect 
of a Mortgage Loan. 
Paying Agents means the Principal Paying Agent and each other paying agent 
appointed from time to time under the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payment Agreement. 
Payment Business Day means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment 
are open for payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies and any day which is:

--- Page 120 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
120 
 
 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency 
of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payments Report means a report setting out all the payments to be made on the 
following Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Priorities of Payments which 
is required to be delivered by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Cash Management, 
Allocation and Payments Agreement. 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality. 
Place of Payment means, in respect of any Bondholders, the place at which such 
Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds. 
Portfolio Manager means the entity appointed as such in accordance with clause 5.2 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Portfolio means collectively the Initial Portfolio and any other Subsequent Portfolios 
which has been purchased and which will be purchased by the Guarantor in accordance 
with the terms of any Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Post-enforcement Priority of Payments means the order of priority pursuant to which 
the Guarantor Available Funds shall be applied, following the delivery of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
Potential Commingling Amount means (i) nil, if the Issuer’s Counterparty Risk 
Assessment is at least “A3(cr)” by Moody’s or if any of the remedies provided for under 
Clauses 3.11(a) and 3.11(b) of the Servicing Agreement has been implemented, or, in 
any other case, (ii) the amount calculated by Banco BPM, on a quarterly basis, in 
accordance with the from time to time applicable methodology of the Rating Agency. 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments means the order of priority pursuant 
to which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied, prior to the delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice, on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments means the order of priority 
pursuant to which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied, prior to the delivery 
of an Issuer Default Notice, on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Default Priority of Payments means, as applicable, the Pre-Issuer Default 
Interest Priority of Payments or the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments 
as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement.

--- Page 121 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
121 
 
 
Premium means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, an amount payable by the 
Guarantor on each Term Loan in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments and 
equal to the Guarantor Available Funds as at such date, after all amounts payable in 
priority thereto have been made in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Priority of Payments means each of the orders in which the Guarantor Available Funds 
shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Principal Amount Outstanding means, on any day: (a) in relation to a Covered Bond, 
the principal amount of that Covered Bond upon issue less the aggregate amount of any 
principal payments in respect of that Covered Bond which have become due and 
payable (and been paid) on or prior to that day; and (b) in relation to the Covered Bonds 
outstanding at any time, the aggregate of the amount in (a) in respect of all Covered 
Bonds outstanding. 
Principal Available Funds means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the 
aggregate of, without double counting: 
(i) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer and/or the Sub-Servicers in 
respect of the Cover Pool and credited to the relevant Collection Account of the 
Guarantor during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(ii) 
all other recoveries in respect of principal received by the Servicer and/or the 
Sub-Servicers and credited to the relevant Collection Account of the Guarantor 
during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(iii) 
all principal amounts received from any Sellers by the Guarantor pursuant to 
the relevant Master Receivables Purchase Agreement during the immediately 
preceding Collection Period; 
(iv) 
the proceeds of any disposal of Receivables and other Eligible Assets and any 
disinvestment of Substitution Assets, Liquid Assets or Eligible Investments; 
(v) 
any amounts granted by any Seller under the relevant Subordinated Loan 
Agreement and not used to fund the payment of the Purchase Price for any 
Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets; 
(vi) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under the Swap Agreements 
(if any) other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts, 
(vii) 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such 
amounts received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior 
to the next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be applied (i) to 
make payments in respect of principal due and payable under any Converted 
Loan (provided that all principal amounts outstanding under a relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds which have fallen due for repayment on such Guarantor 
Payment Date have been repaid in full by the Issuer), or, as the case may be, (ii) 
together with any provision for such payment made on any preceding Guarantor 
Payment Date, to make payments in respect of principal on the Covered Bonds

--- Page 122 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
122 
 
 
under the Guarantee, pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds, 
and provided further that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of 
Default, any such amounts received on or to be received after such Guarantor 
Payment Date but prior to the next following Guarantor Payment Date which 
are not used to make the payments or provisions set out under the preceding 
paragraph will be credited to the Transaction Account and applied as Principal 
Available Funds on such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(viii) any amounts paid out of item Ninth of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of 
Payments; and 
(ix) 
any principal amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account, other 
than the Potential Commingling Amount (to the extent they are not entitled to 
be released). 
Principal Balance means for any Mortgage Loan as at any given date, the aggregate 
of: (a) the original principal amount advanced to the relevant Debtor and any further 
amount advanced on or before the given date to the relevant Debtor secured or intended 
to be secured by the related Security Interest; and (b) any interest, disbursement, legal 
expense, fee, charge, rent, service charge, premium or payment which has been properly 
capitalised in accordance with the relevant Mortgage Loan or with the relevant Debtor’s 
consent and added to the amounts secured or intended to be secured by that Mortgage 
Loan; and (c) any other amount (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Accrued Interest 
and interest in arrears) which is due or accrued (whether or not due) and which has not 
been paid by the relevant Debtor and has not been capitalised, as at the end of the 
Business Day immediately preceding that given date less any repayment or payment of 
any of the foregoing made on or before the end of the Business Day immediately 
preceding that given date. 
Principal Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial 
centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Principal Instalment means the principal component of each Instalment. 
Principal Paying Agent means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch, or any other entity acting 
as account bank pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment 
Agreement. 
Privacy Law means, collectively, Legislative Decree number 196 of 30 June 2003 and 
the Personal Data Protection Code (together with any relevant implementing

--- Page 123 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
123 
 
 
regulations as integrated from time to time by the Autorità Garante per la Protezione 
dei Dati Personali) and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the 
processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data. 
Programme means the programme for the issuance of each Series of Covered Bonds 
(obbligazioni bancarie garantite) by the Issuer in accordance with article 7-bis of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law (as subsequently replaced by Title I-bis of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law). 
Programme Agreement means the programme agreement entered into on 31 August 
2015 between the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Dealers and the Representative of the 
Bondholders, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Programme Limit means €10,000,000,000. 
Programme Maturity Date means the date following 10 (ten) years after the date of 
publication of this Prospectus or, if later, with respect to the redemption of the Term 
Loans in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the date when final 
redemption payments on the last maturing Series of Covered Bonds become due and 
payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant Maturity Date, or any other date as 
notified by the Issuer to the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors. 
Programme Resolution has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Prospectus means the prospectus prepared in connection with the issue of the Covered 
Bonds. 
Purchase Price means, as applicable, the consideration for the purchase price of the 
Initial Portfolio (the Initial Portfolio Purchase Price) or the consideration for the 
purchase price of any Subsequent Portfolios (the Subsequent Portfolio Purchase 
Price) pursuant to the relevant Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Put Option has the meaning given in the Condition 8 (f). 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to the Principal Paying 
Agent by any Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the 
option of the Bondholder. 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by the Principal Paying Agent to a 
depositing Bondholder upon deposit of Covered Bonds with the Principal Paying Agent 
by any Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option 
of the Bondholder. 
Quarterly Servicer’s Report means the quarterly report delivered by the Servicer on 
each Quarterly Servicer’s Report Date and containing details on the Collections of the 
Receivables during the relevant Collection Periods prepared in accordance with the 
Servicing Agreement.

--- Page 124 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
124 
 
 
Quarterly Servicer’s Report Date means the date falling on the 18th of each of 
January, April, July and October of each year. 
Quota Capital Account means the euro denominated account established in the name 
of 
the 
Guarantor 
with 
the 
Account 
Bank 
number 
83303 
(IBAN: 
IT32R0558401600000000083303), or such other substitute account as may be opened 
in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Quotaholders means Banco BPM and Stichting Bapoburg and Quotaholder means 
each of them. 
Quotaholders’ Agreement means the agreement entered into on 31 August 2015 
between the Guarantor, the Quotaholders and the Representative of the Bondholders, 
as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
Rating Agency means Moody’s. 
Real Estate Assets means the real estate properties which have been mortgaged in 
order to secure the Receivables. 
Receivables means specifically each and every right arising under the Mortgage Loans 
pursuant to the Mortgage Loan Agreements, including but not limited to: 
(a) 
all rights in relation to all Outstanding Principal of the Mortgage Loans as at the 
relevant Valuation Date; 
(b) 
any Accrued Interest as at the relevant Valuation Date and of interest (including 
default interest) becoming due and payable following the relevant Valuation 
Date; 
(c) 
all rights in relation to interest (including default interest) amounts which will 
accrue on the Mortgage Loans as from the relevant Valuation Date; 
(d) 
all rights in relation to the reimbursement of expenses and in relation to any 
losses, costs, indemnities and damages and any other amount due to each Seller 
in relation to the Mortgage Loans, the Mortgage Loan Agreements, including 
penalties and any other amount due to each Seller in the case of prepayments of 
the Mortgage Loans, and to the warranties and insurance related thereto, 
including the rights in relation to the reimbursement of legal, judicial and other 
possible expenses incurred in connection with the collection and recovery of all 
amounts due in relation to the Mortgage Loans up to and as from the relevant 
Valuation Date; 
(e) 
all rights in relation to any amount paid pursuant to any Insurance Policy or 
guarantee in respect of the Mortgage Loans of which each Seller is the 
beneficiary;

--- Page 125 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
125 
 
 
(f) 
all of the above together with the Mortgages and any other Security Interests 
(garanzie reali o personali) assignable as a result of the assignment of the 
Receivables (except for the fidejussioni omnibus which have not been granted 
exclusively in relation to or in connection with the Mortgage Loans), including 
any other guarantee granted in favour of the relevant Seller in connection with 
the Mortgage Loans or the Mortgage Loan Agreements and the Receivables. 
Recoveries means any amounts received or recovered by the Servicer and/or the Sub-
Servicers in relation to any Non Performing Receivables. 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the 
nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Banks has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Principal Paying Agent in the market that is most closely 
connected with the Reference Rate. 
Reference Price has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Rate has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Register means the register of the holders of the Covered Bonds issued in registered 
form and/or the N Covered Bonds to be maintained by the Registrar. 
Registered Paying Agent means the Issuer or any other institution which shall be 
appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in respect of the Covered Bonds issued 
in registered form and/or the N Covered Bonds under the Programme. 
Registrar means the Issuer or any other institution which shall be appointed by the 
Issuer to act as registrar in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form 
and/or the N Covered Bonds under the Programme. 
Regular Period means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by 
means of regular payments, each period from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each 
successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but 
excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from 
and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where Regular Date means the day and month (but not the year) 
on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than 
the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to

--- Page 126 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
126 
 
 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than 
the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
Relevant Clearing System means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other clearing system (other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as a clearing system through which payments under the Covered Bonds may be 
made. 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date 
on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable 
has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by 
the Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Bondholders. 
Relevant Dealer(s) means, in relation to a Tranche, the Dealer(s) which is/are party to 
any agreement (whether oral or in writing) entered into with the Issuer and the 
Guarantor for the issue by the Issuer and the subscription by such Dealer(s) of such 
Tranche pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page 
in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it 
on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be 
nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for 
the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate. 
Relevant Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Report Date means the date falling two Business Days prior to each Calculation Date. 
Representative of the Bondholders means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or 
any other entity appointed as representative of the Bondholders pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents. 
Request of Term Loan means a notice sent by the Guarantor to the Subordinated 
Lender substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Request) of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
Reserve Account means (i) as long as Banco BPM is an Eligible Institution, the Banco 
BPM Reserve Account, or (ii) as long as Banco BPM ceases to be an Eligible 
Institution, the BNPP Reserve Account. 
Reserve Amount means any amount to be credited into the Reserve Account up to the 
Reserve Required Amount. 
Reserve Required Amount means an amount equal to the sum of:

--- Page 127 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
127 
 
 
(a) 
the aggregate amount payable on the immediately following Guarantor Payment 
Date in respect of items from (First) to (Third) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest 
Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
if no Cover Pool Swap Agreement has been entered into, or if a Cover Pool 
Swap Agreement has been entered into with an entity belonging to the Banco 
BPM Group, an amount equal to any interest amounts due in relation to any 
Series of Covered Bonds outstanding in the immediately following three 
months; or (B) if a Cover Pool Swap Agreement has been entered into with an 
entity not belonging to the Banco BPM Group, but (i) no Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement has been entered into in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds or (ii) 
an Interest Rate Swap Agreement has been entered into with an entity belonging 
to the Banco BPM Group in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, any interest 
amounts due in relation to such Series of Covered Bonds in the immediately 
following three months; or (C) if a Cover Pool Swap Agreement has been 
entered into with an entity not belonging to the Banco BPM Group and an 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement has been entered into with an entity not 
belonging to the Banco BPM Group in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, 
any interest amounts due to the Interest Rate Swap Provider in respect of the 
relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement in the immediately following three 
months, calculated applying the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) for each relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement determined on a 
forward basis. 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement means any residential mortgage loan 
agreement out of which Receivables arise. 
Residential Mortgage Loan means a residential mortgage loan meeting the 
requirements of article 129, paragraph 1, letter d) of the CRR and article 7-novies, 
paragraph 2, letters a) and b), of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law. 
Retention Amount means an amount equal to €10,000. 
Rules means the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders attached as Exhibit 1 to 
the Terms and Conditions, as from time to time modified in accordance with the 
provisions therein contained and including any agreement or other document expressed 
to be supplemental thereto. 
Screen Rate Determination means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in 
accordance with Condition 6(d) (Screen Rate Determination). 
Securities Account means (i) as long as Banco BPM is an Eligible Institution, the 
Banco BPM Securities Account, or (ii) as long as Banco BPM ceases to be an Eligible 
Institution, the BNPP Securities Account. 
Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law means Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, 
as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
Security Interest means:

--- Page 128 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
128 
 
 
(a) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance securing any 
obligation of any person; 
(b) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to money, or the benefit of, a 
bank or other account may be applied, set off or made subject to a combination 
of accounts so as to effect discharge of any sum owed or payable to any person; 
or 
(c) 
any other type of preferential arrangement (including any title transfer and 
retention arrangement) having a similar effect. 
Security means the security created pursuant to the Deed of Charge. 
Segregation Event means the occurrence of a breach of any Mandatory Tests and/or, 
prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the Asset Coverage Test on a given 
Calculation Date which remains unremedied within the Test Grace Period. 
Seller means Banco BPM S.p.A. and any other entity belonging to the Banco BPM 
Group acceding in such capacity to the Programme. 
Series or Series of Covered Bonds means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the 
context of the Programme. 
Servicer means Banco BPM in its capacity as such pursuant to the Servicing 
Agreement. 
Servicer’s Reports means the Quarterly Servicer’s Reports. 
Servicer Termination Event means an event which allows the Guarantor to terminate 
the Servicer’s appointment and appoint a Substitute Servicer, according to Clause 9.1 
of the Servicing Agreement. 
Servicing Agreement means the servicing agreement entered into on 26 August 2015 
between the Guarantor and the Servicer, as amended, supplemented or restated from 
time to time. 
Sofferenze means any Non Performing Receivable which is in a state of permanent 
distress and is handled by the Servicer’s office litigation. 
Specified Currency means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the 
Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s), the Principal Paying Agent and the Representative of the 
Bondholders (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, as 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Specified Office means: 
(a) 
in the case of the Principal Paying Agent, Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 3, 20124 Milan, 
Italy; or

--- Page 129 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
129 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of any other Paying Agent, the offices specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or 
(c) 
in the case of the Calculation Agent, Piazza Filippo Meda 4, 20121 Milan, Italy, 
(d) 
or, in each case, such other office in the same city or town as such agent may 
specify by notice to the Issuer and the other parties to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payment Agreement in the manner provided therein. 
Stock Exchange means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s main regulated market, 
Bourse de Luxembourg. 
Subordinated Lender means Banco BPM S.p.A. and any Additional Seller, in its 
capacity as subordinated lender pursuant to the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement means any subordinated loan agreement entered into 
between Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor, including the subordinated loan 
agreement entered into between Banco BPM S.p.A. and the Guarantor on 26 August 
2015, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Subsequent Portfolio Purchase Price means the consideration which the Guarantor 
shall pay to the Seller for the transfer of Subsequent Portfolios, calculated in accordance 
with Clause 4.2 of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Subsequent Portfolios means any portfolio of Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets other than the Initial Portfolio which may (or shall, as the case 
may be) be purchased by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and subject to the 
conditions of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and/or the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement (as applicable). 
Sub-Servicer means Banco BPM S.p.A. and any Additional Seller, in its capacity as 
sub-servicer pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
Subsidiary has the meaning given to it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Substitute Servicer means the successor of the Servicer upon the occurrence of a 
Servicer Termination Event, which may be appointed by the Guarantor pursuant to 
Clause 9.4 of the Servicing Agreement. 
Substitution Assets means the assets referred to in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c), 
of the CRR (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time), being, as at the 
date hereof, exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or credit 
quality step 2, or exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 
where those exposures are in the form of:  
(a) 
short‐term deposits with an original maturity not exceeding 100 days, where 
used to meet the cover pool liquidity buffer requirement of Article 16 of 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162; or 
(b) 
derivative contracts that meet the requirements of Article 11(1) of Directive 
(EU) 2019/2162, where permitted by the competent authorities.

--- Page 130 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
130 
 
 
Swap Agreements means, collectively, the Interest Rate Swap Agreement(s) and the 
Cover Pool Swap Agreement and any other swap agreement which may be entered into 
by the Guarantor in the context of the Programme. 
Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts means at any time, the amount of Swap 
Collateral which may not be applied under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement 
at that time in satisfaction of the relevant Swap Provider’s obligations to the Guarantor, 
including Swap Collateral which is to be returned to the relevant Swap Provider from 
time to time in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreements and ultimately upon 
termination of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Swap Collateral means the collateral provided by a Swap Provider to the Guarantor 
under the relevant Swap Agreements. 
Swap Providers means, as applicable, the Cover Pool Swap Provider(s), the Interest 
Rate Swap Providers and any other entity which may act as swap counterparty to the 
Guarantor by entering into a Swap Agreement. 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which the real time gross settlement 
system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system (T2) is open for the 
settlement of payments in Euro. 
Tax means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of 
Italy or any political sub-division thereof or any authority thereof or therein. 
Term Loan Notice means a notice sent by the Subordinated Lender to the Guarantor 
substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 (Term Loan Notice) of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
Term Loan means a loan made available to the Guarantor under the Facility (or the 
principal amount outstanding for the time being of such loan) (a) advanced for the 
purpose of purchasing Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets (if transferred for the 
purpose of ensuring the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests) and/or Liquid 
Assets to be sold in accordance with the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement 
and/or the Cover Pool Management Agreement (as applicable) for an amount equal to 
the principal amount of such Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquid Assets, as 
the case may be, to be purchased (or, with respect to Eligible Assets, the lower amount 
necessary for such purpose, taking into account the Guarantor Available Funds); and/or 
(b) equal to any principal amount still outstanding of a Converted Loan on the Maturity 
Date (or the Extended Maturity Date) of the Corresponding Series of Covered Bonds 
and not paid at such date. 
Terms and Conditions means the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
Test Grace Period means the period starting on the date on which the breach of any 
Test is notified by the Calculation Agent and the day falling one calendar month 
thereafter.

--- Page 131 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
131 
 
 
Test Performance Report means the report to be delivered, on each Calculation Date, 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement. 
Test Remedy Period means the period starting from the date on which a Breach of 
Test Notice is delivered and ending on the date falling one calendar month thereafter. 
Tests means, collectively, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the 
Amortisation Test. 
Total Commitment means the Euro equivalent of the Programme Limit plus any other 
amount necessary to meet the Asset Coverage Test, to the extent not cancelled, reduced 
or increased by the Parties under the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Trade Date means, as appropriate, the date on which the issue of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds is priced. 
Transaction Account means (i) as long as Banco BPM is an Eligible Institution, the 
Banco BPM Transaction Account, or (ii) as long as Banco BPM ceases to be an Eligible 
Institution, the BNPP Transaction Account. 
Transaction Documents means the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, the 
Servicing Agreement, the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payment Agreement, the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Guarantee, the Corporate Services 
Agreement, the Administrative Services Agreement, the Swap Agreements (if any), the 
Mandate Agreement, the Quotaholders’ Agreement, the Prospectus, each N Covered 
Bond Certificate, each N Covered Bond Agreements, each N Covered Bond 
Assignment Agreement, the N Covered Bonds Conditions, the Deed of Charge (if any), 
the Master Definitions Agreement and any other agreement entered into in connection 
with the Programme. 
Transfer Agreement means any subsequent transfer agreement for the purchase of 
each Subsequent Portfolio entered in accordance with the terms of the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Transfer Date means the date designated by the Seller in the relevant Transfer 
Agreement. 
Transfer Notice means, in respect to each Subsequent Portfolio, such transfer notice 
which will be sent by the Seller and addressed to the Guarantor in the form set out in 
schedule 7 to the relevant Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Usury Law means the Italian Law number 108 of 7 March 1996 together with Decree 
number 394 of 29 December 2000 which has been converted in law by Law number 24 
of 28 February 2001, as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Valuation Date means (i) in respect of the Initial Portfolio transferred by Banco BPM 
S.p.A., on 22 August 2015, and (ii) in respect of each other Initial Portfolio sold by any 
Additional Seller or in respect of each Subsequent Portfolio, the date on which the

--- Page 132 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
132 
 
 
economic effects of the transfer of the relevant Portfolio will commence as specified in 
the relevant Transfer Agreement. 
VAT or Value Added Tax means Imposta sul Valore Aggiunto (IVA) as defined in 
Presidential Decree number 633 of 26 October 1972. 
WA Remaining Maturity means the greater of (i) the weighted average remaining 
maturity of all Covered Bonds then outstanding and (ii) one (1) year. 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement means any warranty and indemnity agreement 
entered into between the Seller and the Guarantor, including the warranty and 
indemnity agreement entered into between Banco BPM S.p.A. and the Guarantor on 26 
August 2015, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Provisions means Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Provisions). 
(b) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 10 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Series of Covered 
Bonds and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these 
Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms give no such 
meaning or specify that such expression is “not applicable” then such 
expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to 
such Transaction Document, as amended and/or supplemented up to and 
including the Issue Date of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
any reference to a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer and 
the Guarantor) shall, where the context permits, include any Person who, in 
accordance with the terms of such Transaction Document, becomes a party 
thereto subsequent to the date thereof, whether by appointment as a successor 
to an existing party or by appointment or otherwise as an additional party to 
such document and whether in respect of the Programme generally or in respect 
of a single Tranche only; and 
(vi) 
any reference in any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or 
other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be

--- Page 133 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
133 
 
 
construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may 
from time to time be, amended, supplemented and/or re-enacted. 
3. 
Denomination, Form and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination or Specified Denominations 
which may include a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or, where the Specified 
Currency is a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such Specified 
Currency) and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount, all as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and save that the minimum denomination of each Covered Bond 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). The Covered Bonds will be 
issued in bearer and dematerialised form and will be held on behalf of their ultimate 
owners by Monte Titoli for the account of Monte Titoli Account Holders and title 
thereto will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the 
Financial Laws Consolidation Act and the Joint Regulation, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. The Covered Bonds will be held by Monte Titoli on 
behalf of the Bondholders until redemption or cancellation thereof for the account of 
the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder. No physical document of title will be issued 
in respect of the Covered Bonds. The rights and powers of the Bondholders may only 
be exercised in accordance with these Conditions and the Rules. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Issuer, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor and the Paying Agent 
may (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws) deem and treat the Monte Titoli 
Account Holder, whose account is at the relevant time credited with a Covered Bond, 
as the absolute owner of such Covered Bond for the purposes of payments to be made 
to the holder of such Covered Bond (whether or not the Covered Bond is overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice to the contrary, any notice of ownership or writing on the 
Covered Bond or any notice of any previous loss or theft of the Covered Bond) and 
shall not be liable for doing so. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: The Covered Bonds constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will 
rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save for any 
applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time 
outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Bondholders 
will be collected by the Guarantor on their behalf.  
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of 
each Series of Covered Bonds when Due for Payment will be unconditionally 
and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee. The 
recourse of the Bondholders to the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be 
limited to the assets of the Cover Pool. As of the date of compulsory liquidation

--- Page 134 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
134 
 
 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or, to the greatest extent permissible by 
law and without prejudice to Condition 11.2(iv), resolution (risoluzione) of the 
Issuer or following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor shall fulfil, within the limits of the Cover Pool, the 
Issuer’s obligations towards the Bondholders upon the terms and conditions 
originally agreed. The Guarantor (or the Representative of the Bondholders 
pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis 
and in compliance with the provisions of article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3, of 
the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, the rights of the Bondholders 
against the Issuer and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the 
Guarantor Available Funds. Pursuant to article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 4, of 
the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, if the Issuer is subject to a 
compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) and the 
Bondholders are not satisfied in full upon enforcement of the Guarantee, the 
Bondholders will have a claim against the Issuer for the residual amount ranking 
pari passu with all the other unsecured creditors of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Segregation of the Portfolio: by virtue of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds 
Law, (i) the Guarantor’s right, title and interest in and to the Portfolio, any 
amount collected from the Portfolio, any monetary claims accrued by the 
Guarantor in the context of the Programme and arising under the Transaction 
Documents, as well as any financial asset (including those constituting Eligible 
Investments) resulting from the investment of the cash referred to above from 
time to time owned by the Guarantor is segregated from any other assets of the 
Guarantor, and (ii) any amount deriving from the Portfolio and the other assets 
referred to above will only be available both before and after a winding-up of 
the Guarantor to satisfy the obligations of the Guarantor to the Bondholders, to 
the Other Guarantor Creditors as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement and to 
any third-party creditors of the Guarantor in respect of costs, fees and expenses 
incurred by the Guarantor in relation to the Programme.   
5. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the 
Fixed Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments) up to (and 
including) the relevant Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as the case 
may be. Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up 
to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Bondholder and (ii) the 
day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the 
Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default 
in payment).

--- Page 135 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
135 
 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each 
Covered Bond for any Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon 
Amount and, if the Covered Bonds are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the 
relevant Specified Denomination. Payments of interest on any Guarantor 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount(s) so specified. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of 
each Covered Bond for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not 
specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-
unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a sub-unit means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available 
as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Provisions and Benchmark Replacement 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the 
Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Covered Bonds bear interest from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Dates, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments) up to (and 
including) the relevant Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as the case 
may be. Each Covered Bond will cease to bear interest from the due date for 
final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance 
with this Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered Bond up 
to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Bondholder and (ii) the 
day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the 
Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds 
up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default 
in payment). 
(c) 
Rate of Interest: The Rate of Interest from time to time payable in respect of 
each Covered Bonds with Floating Rate Provisions will be determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds (other than 
Covered Bonds linked to SONIA): If Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to 
be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each 
Interest Period will be determined by the Principal Paying Agent on the 
following basis:

--- Page 136 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
136 
 
 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied 
by one entity, the Principal Paying Agent will determine the Reference 
Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Principal Paying Agent will determine the 
arithmetic mean of the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in 
the case of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or 
if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Principal 
Paying Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of 
the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
provided, however, that if the Principal Paying Agent is unable to 
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in 
accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during such Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) 
the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in 
respect of a preceding Interest Period; except that, (i) if the Issuer or 
Principal Paying Agent determines that the absence of quotation is due 
to the discontinuation of the Relevant Screen Page, or (ii) following the 
adoption of a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration as 
set out in Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation, the Reference Rate 
will be determined in accordance with Condition 6(f) below. 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds which are linked 
to SONIA: if Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and 
“SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period shall 
be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus the Margin (if any) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 6(f). 
If in respect of any Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines that the 
applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page 
or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the 
SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such Business Day shall be: (A) (i) the

--- Page 137 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
137 
 
 
Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of business 
on such Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference 
Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA Reference 
Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the 
Bank Rate, or (B) if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which the 
SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors).  
Where the SONIA Reference Rate is being determined in accordance with the 
paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) 
how the SONIA Reference Rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to 
replace the SONIA Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, 
follow such guidance in order to determine the SONIA Reference Rate for any 
Business Day “i” for the purpose of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds for so 
long as the SONIA Reference Rate is not available or has not been published 
by the authorised distributors.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), subject to Condition 6(f), the Rate of Interest shall be 
(i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been 
applicable to such Series of Covered Bonds for the first Interest Period had the 
Covered Bonds been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period).  
If the relevant Series of Covered Bonds become due and payable in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Events of Default and Enforcement), the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such 
Covered Bonds became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Covered Bonds shall, for so long as any such Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(e):

--- Page 138 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
138 
 
 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 0.0005 being rounded 
upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 365
𝑑 
Where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“do” is the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period; 
“LBD” means a Business Day; 
“ni”, for any Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following Business 
Day; 
“p” means for any Interest Period, 5 (five) Business Days or such other number 
of Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that such 
number shall not be less than 5 (five) Business Days unless otherwise agreed 
between the Issuer and the Agent; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means in respect of any Business Day falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the Business Day falling “p” 
Business Days prior to that Business Day “i”. 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling 
five Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and 
ending on, but excluding, the date falling five Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or, if applicable, the date falling five 
Business Days prior to any other date on which a payment of interest is to be 
made in respect of the Covered Bonds).  
“SONIA Reference Rate” means in respect of any Business Day, a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such 
Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the screen or, if the screen is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day).

--- Page 139 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
139 
 
 
(f) 
Benchmark discontinuation: (1) If the Issuer determines at any time prior to, on 
or following any Interest Determination Date, that the Relevant Screen Page on 
which appears the Reference Rate has been discontinued, or (2) following the 
adoption of a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration as set out in 
Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation, the Issuer will as soon as reasonably 
practicable (and in any event prior to the next relevant Interest Determination 
Date) appoint an agent (the Reference Rate Determination Agent), which will 
not later than the Interest Determination Cut-off Date determine in a 
commercially reasonable manner whether a substitute or successor rate for 
purposes of determining the Reference Rate or the SONIA Reference Rate, as 
the case may be, on each Interest Determination Date falling on such date or 
thereafter that is substantially comparable to the discontinued Reference Rate 
or SONIA Reference Rate, as the case may be, is available. If the Reference 
Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an industry accepted 
successor rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will use such successor 
rate to determine the Reference Rate or the SONIA Reference Rate, as the case 
may be. If the Reference Rate Determination Agent has determined a substitute 
or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the Replacement 
Reference Rate), for purposes of determining the Reference Rate or the SONIA 
Reference Rate, as the case may be, on each Interest Determination Date falling 
on or after such determination: (i) the Reference Rate Determination Agent will 
also determine changes (if any) to the business day convention, the definition 
of business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction, and any 
method for obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, including any 
adjustment factor needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate 
comparable to the discontinued Reference Rate or SONIA Reference Rate, in 
each case in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for 
such Replacement Reference Rate; (ii) references to the Reference Rate or the 
SONIA Reference Rate, as the case may be, in the Conditions and the Final 
Terms applicable to the relevant Covered Bonds will be deemed to be references 
to the Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for 
determining such rate as described in Condition 6(g) (ISDA Determination) 
below; (iii) the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of 
the foregoing as soon as reasonably practicable; and (iv) the Issuer will give 
notice as soon as reasonably practicable to the Bondholders, the Principal 
Paying Agent specifying the Replacement Reference Rate, as well as the details 
described in Condition 6(g) (ISDA Determination) below.   
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, Principal Paying 
Agent, and the Bondholders, unless the Issuer considers at a later date that the 
Replacement Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the 
Reference Rate or the SONIA Reference Rate, as the case may be, or does not 
constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall re-
appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent (which may or may not be the 
same entity as the original Reference Rate Determination Agent) for the purpose 
of confirming the Replacement Reference Rate or determining a substitute 
Replacement Reference Rate in an identical manner as described in this 
Condition 6(f), which will then (in the absence of manifest error) be final and

--- Page 140 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
140 
 
 
binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Bondholders. If the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not 
determine a substitute Replacement Reference Rate, then the last known 
Replacement Reference Rate will remain unchanged.  
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that the Relevant Screen 
Page on which appears the Reference Rate or the SONIA Reference Rate, as the 
case may be, has been discontinued or a decision to withdraw the authorisation 
or registration as set out in Article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation has been 
adopted but for any reason a Replacement Reference Rate has not been 
determined later than the Interest Determination Cut-off Date, no Replacement 
Reference Rate will be adopted, and the Relevant Screen Page on which appears 
the Reference Rate or the SONIA Reference Rate, as the case may be, for the 
relevant Interest Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate or SONIA 
Reference Rate, as the case may be, available on the Relevant Screen Page as 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case 
may be. 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank or a broker-
dealer in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency (which may 
include one of the Dealers involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds) as 
appointed by the Issuer, (ii) the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer (in which case 
any such determination shall be made in consultation with an independent 
financial advisor) or (iii) any other entity which the Issuer considers has the 
necessary competences to carry out such role. 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where 
“ISDA Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal 
Paying Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions (as defined below)) for that interest rate swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Bonds of 
the relevant Series) or (ii) if ISDA 2021 Definitions are specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of ISDA 2021 Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and 
any successor thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its 
website (http://www.isda.org) on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Bonds of the relevant Series (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 141 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
141 
 
 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the day 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate 
of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Principal Paying Agent will, as soon as 
practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in 
relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect 
of each Covered Bond for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a sub-unit 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in 
the case of euro, means one cent. 
(j) 
Publication: The Principal Paying Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any 
relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Paying Agent(s) and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in 
the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) 
in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice 
thereof shall also promptly be given to the Bondholders. The Principal Paying 
Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the 
foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination, the Principal Paying Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the 
Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Covered Bond 
having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(k) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for 
the purposes of this Condition by the Principal Paying Agent will (in the absence 
of manifest error, wilful default or gross negligence) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Paying Agent(s), the Bondholders and (subject as aforesaid) 
no liability to any such Person will attach to the Principal Paying Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
(l) 
Determination and calculation by the Representative of the Bondholders: If for 
any reason at any relevant time the Principal Paying Agent or, where the

--- Page 142 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
142 
 
 
applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such calculation agent does 
not for any reason comply with its obligation to determine the Rate of Interest 
or any Interest Amount in accordance with the above provisions or as otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, and in each case in 
accordance with paragraphs (c) and (i) above, the Representative of the 
Bondholders shall do so (or shall appoint an agent on its behalf to do so) and 
such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the 
Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the calculation agent. In doing 
so, the Representative of the Bondholders shall apply the foregoing provisions 
of this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Provisions and Benchmark Replacement), 
with any necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, 
it can do so, and, in all other respects, it shall do so in such manner as it shall 
deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances. 
7. 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the 
Zero Coupon Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: If the Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld 
or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied 
to the Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Covered 
Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Bondholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal 
Paying Agent has notified the Bondholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: To the extent outstanding, the Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity) and Condition 9 (Payments). 
(b) 
Extension of maturity: Without prejudice to Condition 11 (Segregation Event 
and Events of Default), if an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Covered Bonds and, in accordance 
with article 7-terdecies, paragraph 1(a), of the Securitisation and Covered 
Bonds Law, the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, and the Guarantor (or the 
Calculation Agent on its behalf) determines that the Guarantor has insufficient 
moneys available under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed

--- Page 143 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
143 
 
 
Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in full in respect of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, and any amount (including any amount 
due to any Swap Provider(s)) ranking pari passu or in priority thereto, on the 
date falling on the Extension Determination Date (the Maturity Extension 
Trigger), then (subject as provided below), payment of the unpaid amount by 
the Guarantor under the Guarantee shall be deferred until the Extended Maturity 
Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due 
and remaining unpaid after the Extension Determination Date may be paid by 
the Guarantor on any Interest Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the 
relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended as 
a consequence of the occurrence of an Article 74 Event, upon termination of the 
suspension period and service of the Article 74 Event Cure Notice, the Issuer 
shall resume responsibility for meeting the payment obligations under any 
Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which an extension of maturity has 
occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount shall be due for payment on the 
last Business Day of the month on which the Article 74 Event Cure Notice has 
been served. 
It is understood that any extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds as a 
result of the occurrence of the Maturity Extension Trigger will not affect any 
order of priority applicable in case of compulsory winding-up (liquidazione 
coatta amministrativa) or liquidation of the Issuer nor any Priority of Payments.   
In accordance with the provisions of article 7-terdecies, paragraph 5, of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations, the 
Issuer shall notify the Bank of Italy in case an Extended Maturity Date has 
become applicable in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds further to the 
occurrence of the Maturity Extension Trigger, within 10 (ten) calendar days 
from the occurrence thereof. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event at least four Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date as to whether payment will or will not be made in full of the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds on that Maturity Date. 
Any failure by the Issuer to notify the Principal Paying Agent shall not affect 
the validity or effectiveness of the extension. 
The Guarantor shall notify the relevant holders of the Covered Bonds (in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), any relevant Swap Provider(s), the 
Rating Agency, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Principal Paying 
Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least one Business 
Day prior to the Maturity Date as specified in the preceding paragraph of any 
inability of the Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding 
to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds pursuant to 
the Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such parties shall not 
affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in 
any such party.

--- Page 144 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
144 
 
 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall on the Extension 
Determination Date, pursuant to the Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) 
available (after paying or providing for payment of higher ranking or pari passu 
amounts in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments) towards partial 
payment of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Covered 
Bonds and shall pay the Guaranteed Amounts constituting interest in respect of 
each such Covered Bond on such date. The obligation of the Guarantor to pay 
any amounts in respect of the balance of the Final Redemption Amount not so 
paid shall be deferred as described above. 
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended 
period, at the Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms, and be 
payable on the Maturity Date and on each Interest Payment Date up to and on 
the Extended Maturity Date. 
Where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
applying to a Series of Covered Bonds, a failure to pay by the Guarantor on the 
Maturity Date shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are not specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Bondholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), 
together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 10 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Italy or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(C) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were 
then due; or

--- Page 145 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
145 
 
 
(D) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment 
Date, 60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately 
before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were 
then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying Agent (A) a certificate signed by 
two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (B) an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result 
of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred 
to in this Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer shall be bound 
to redeem the Covered Bonds in accordance with this Condition 8(c) 
(Redemption for tax reasons). 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be redeemed 
at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days’ notice to the Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
oblige the Issuer to redeem the Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus 
accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on 
any date in accordance with Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), the Covered Bonds to be redeemed in part shall be redeemed in the 
principal amount specified by the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will be so 
redeemed in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and/or 
any other Relevant Clearing System (to be reflected in the records of such 
clearing systems as a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion), subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation. 
The notice to Bondholders referred to in Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) shall specify the proportion of the Covered Bonds so to be 
redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than 
the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Bondholders: If the Put Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of any 
Bondholder, redeem such Covered Bonds held by it on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) 
accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition

--- Page 146 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
146 
 
 
8(f) (Redemption at the option of Bondholders), the Bondholder must, not less 
than 30 nor more than 45 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), deposit with the Principal Paying Agent a duly completed Put Option 
Notice in the form obtainable from the Principal Paying Agent. The Principal 
Paying Agent with which a Put Option Notice is so deposited shall deliver a 
duly completed Put Option Receipt to the deposit in Bondholder. Once 
deposited in accordance with this Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of 
Bondholders), no duly completed Put Option Notice may be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), any Covered Bonds become immediately due and payable or, upon due 
presentation of any such Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Principal Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the 
Bondholder at such address as may have been given by such Bondholder in the 
relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Covered Bond against surrender 
of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Covered 
Bonds are held by the Principal Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 
8(f) (Redemption at the option of Bondholders), the Bondholder and not the 
Principal Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Covered Bonds 
for all purposes. 
(g) 
Redemption of Amortising Covered Bonds: if the relevant Final Terms provide 
for Amortising Covered Bonds, the Redemption Amount payable on each 
Interest Payment Date on such Amortising Covered Bonds will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered 
Bonds otherwise than as provided in Conditions 8(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 
(g) (Redemption of Amortising Covered Bonds) above and as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of 
a Zero Coupon Covered Bonds at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
the Covered Bonds become due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number 
of years, the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be 
made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the Final 
Terms for the purposes of this Condition 8(h) or, if none is so specified, a Day 
Count Fraction of 30E/360.

--- Page 147 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
147 
 
 
(j) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor) may 
at any time purchase Covered Bonds in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. The Guarantor shall not purchase any Covered Bonds at any time. 
(k) 
Cancellation: All Covered Bonds redeemed by the Issuer or any such 
Subsidiary in accordance with this Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) 
shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
9. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems: Payment of interest and repayment of 
principal in respect of the Covered Bonds will be credited, in accordance with 
the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the accounts of those banks and 
authorised brokers whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those 
Covered Bonds and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised brokers 
from such aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of 
those Covered Bonds or through the Relevant Clearing Systems to the accounts 
with the Relevant Clearing Systems of the beneficial owners of those Covered 
Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and of the 
Relevant Clearing Systems, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds 
are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 
(Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to Bondholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Payments on Business Days: If the due date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Covered Bond is not a Payment Business Day in the Place of 
Payment, the Bondholder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the 
amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and 
shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any 
such delay. 
(d) 
Payments subject to FATCA: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these 
Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of that Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations thereof, or any law or agreement implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent or 
any other person shall be required to pay additional amounts with respect to any 
withholding or deduction. 
10. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the 
Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
Taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature

--- Page 148 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
148 
 
 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic 
of Italy or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the 
Bondholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would 
have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of 
any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, premium or other 
proceeds of any Covered Bond on account of imposta sostitutiva (at the 
then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Decree No. 239 with respect to 
any Covered Bonds and in all circumstances in which the procedures to 
obtain an exemption from imposta sostitutiva or any alternative future 
system of deduction or withholding set forth in Decree No. 239, or 
related implementing regulations, have not been met or complied with 
except where such procedures have not been met or complied with due 
to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(ii) 
presented for payment by a Bondholder who is a non-Italian resident 
individual or legal entity which is resident for tax purposes in a country 
which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the 
Italian tax authorities according to Article 6 of Decree No. 239; or 
(iii) 
held by or on behalf of a Bondholder which is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Covered Bonds 
by reason of its having some connection with the jurisdiction by which 
such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the 
Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to 
the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic of Italy 
and/or such other jurisdiction. 
11. 
Segregation Event and Events of Default 
11.1 
Segregation Event 
A Segregation Event will occur upon the notification by the Calculation Agent that a 
breach of the Mandatory Tests and/or, prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, 
the Asset Coverage Test, as detailed in the relevant Test Performance Report, has not 
been remedied within the Test Grace Period.  
Upon the occurrence of a Segregation Event, the Representative of the Bondholders 
will serve a Breach of Tests Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor stating that a 
Segregation Event has occurred. 
In such case:

--- Page 149 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
149 
 
 
(a) 
no further Series of Covered Bonds may be issued by the Issuer; 
(b) 
there shall be no further payments to the Subordinated Lenders under any 
relevant Term Loan and Converted Loan; and 
(c) 
the purchase price for any Eligible Assets and/or Substitution Assets to be 
acquired by the Guarantor shall be paid only using the proceeds of a Term Loan, 
except where the breach referred to in the Breach of Test Notice may be cured 
by using the Guarantor Available Funds. 
Following the occurrence of a Segregation Event and until an Issuer Default Notice has 
been delivered, payments due under the Covered Bonds will continue to be made by 
the Issuer. 
After the service of a Breach of Tests Notice or of an Issuer Default Notice on the 
Guarantor, but prior to service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor will sell 
the Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool 
in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement, subject to the rights of 
pre-emption in favour of the relevant Seller in respect of such Eligible Assets, 
Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets pursuant to the relevant Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
11.2 
Issuer Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an Issuer Event of Default) occurs and is 
continuing: 
(i) 
following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the Tests are not met on, or 
prior to, the Calculation Date falling at the end of the Test Remedy Period unless 
a Programme Resolution is passed resolving to extend the Test Remedy Period; 
(ii) 
default is made by the Issuer (a) in the payment of any principal or redemption 
amount due on the relevant Maturity Date in respect of the Covered Bonds of 
any Series, or (b) for a period of 7 days or more in the payment of any interest 
amount due in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series; or 
(iii) 
default is made in the performance by the Issuer of any material obligation 
(other than any obligation for the payment of principal, redemption amount or 
interest in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series and/or any obligation to 
ensure compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests) under the provisions of the 
Covered Bonds of any Series or any other Transaction Document to which the 
Issuer is a party which, unless certified by the Representative of the 
Bondholders, in its sole opinion, to be incapable of remedy shall continue for 
more than 30 days or such longer period as the Representative of the 
Bondholders may permit, after written notification requiring such default to be 
remedied and indicating that this provision may be invoked if it is not so 
remedied, shall have been given to the Issuer by the Representative of the 
Bondholders, or 
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event (other than an early intervention measure (misura di 
intervento precoce) pursuant to Title IV, Chapter I, of the Consolidated Banking

--- Page 150 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
150 
 
 
Act or a resolution (risoluzione) pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 180 of 16 
November 2015) occurs in respect of the Issuer; or 
(v) 
a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act is issued in 
respect of the Issuer, 
the Representative of the Bondholders shall serve a notice (the Issuer Default Notice) 
on the Issuer and the Guarantor that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred, specifying, 
in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under point (v) above, that the Issuer 
Event of Default may be temporary. 
Upon the service of an Issuer Default Notice: 
(a) 
each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer and they will 
rank pari passu amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided that such 
events shall not trigger an acceleration against the Guarantor; 
(b) 
interest and principal falling due on the Covered Bonds will be payable by the 
Guarantor, subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Guarantee and the 
Guarantee Priority of Payments at the time and in the manner provided under 
these Conditions (including, to the extent applicable, Condition 8(b) (Extension 
of maturity)); 
(c) 
the Covered Bonds will become immediately due and payable at their Early 
Termination Amount together with any accrued interest by the Issuer and will 
rank pari passu among themselves if so resolved by a Programme Resolution; 
and 
(d) 
the Amortisation Test shall be applied in addition to the Mandatory Tests; 
(e) 
the provisions governing the Segregation Events shall apply, 
provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under Condition 11.2 
(v) above, the effects listed in items from (a) to (e) above will only apply for as long as 
the suspension of payments will be in force and effect and accordingly (i) the Guarantor, 
in accordance with the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, shall be responsible for 
the payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds during the 
suspension period and (ii) at the end of the suspension period, the Issuer shall be 
responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds (and for the 
avoidance of doubts, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be deemed to be 
accelerated against the Issuer). 
11.3 
Guarantor Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, a Guarantor Event of Default) occurs and is 
continuing: 
(i) 
default is made by the Guarantor for a period of 7 days or more in the payment 
by the Guarantor of any amounts due for payment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds of any Series; or

--- Page 151 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
151 
 
 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default there is a breach of the 
Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date; 
(iii) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Guarantor; 
(iv) 
default is made in the performance by the Guarantor of any material obligation 
(other than any obligation for the payment of principal, redemption amount or 
interest in respect of the Covered Bonds of any Series and/or any obligation to 
ensure compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests) under the provisions of the 
Covered Bonds of any Series or any other Transaction Document to which the 
Guarantor is a party which, unless certified by the Representative of the 
Bondholders, in its sole opinion, to be incapable of remedy shall continue for 
more than 30 days or such longer period as the Representative of the 
Bondholders may permit, after written notification requiring such default to be 
remedied and indicating that this provision may be invoked if it is not so 
remedied, shall have been given to the Guarantor by the Representative of the 
Bondholders, 
then the Representative of the Bondholders will serve a notice (the Guarantor Default 
Notice) on the Guarantor that a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred, unless the 
Representative of the Bondholders, having exercised its discretion, resolves otherwise 
or a Programme Resolution is passed resolving otherwise. 
Upon the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, unless a Programme Resolution is 
passed resolving otherwise: 
(a) 
all Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding will become immediately due and 
payable at their Early Termination Amount together with any accrued interest 
by the Guarantor and will rank pari passu among themselves in accordance with 
the Post-enforcement Priority of Payments; 
(b) 
if a Guarantor Event of Default ever occurs with respect to a Series only, each 
other Series of Covered Bonds will cross accelerate at the same time against the 
Guarantor, becoming due and payable, and they will rank pari passu amongst 
themselves; 
(c) 
the Guarantor shall immediately sell all assets included in the Cover Pool in 
accordance with the procedures set out in the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement; 
(d) 
the Representative of the Bondholders, subject to and in accordance with the 
terms of the Guarantee, on behalf of the Bondholders, shall have a claim against 
the Guarantor for an amount equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding on each 
Covered Bond, together with accrued interest and any other amount due under 
the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable under Condition 
10(a) (Gross up by Issuer)) in accordance with the Post-enforcement Priority of 
Payments to the Other Guarantor Creditors; and 
(e) 
the Representative of the Bondholders may, at its discretion and without further 
notice, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against the Issuer or 
the Guarantor (as the case may be) as it may think fit to enforce such payments,

--- Page 152 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
152 
 
 
but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or steps unless requested 
or authorised by a Programme Resolution of the Bondholders and then only if 
it is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. 
11.4 
Determinations, etc.  
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 11 by 
the Representative of the Bondholders shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith 
or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and all Bondholders and (in 
such absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Bondholders, the Issuer or the Guarantor 
shall attach to the Representative of the Bondholders in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions hereunder. 
12. 
Limited recourse and non petition 
12.1 
Limited recourse 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct and 
unconditional, unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, 
collateralised by the Cover Pool as provided under the Securitisation and Covered 
Bonds Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. The recourse of the Bondholders to the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee will be limited to the assets of the Cover Pool subject 
to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which 
specified payments will be made to other parties prior to payments to the Bondholders. 
12.2 
Non petition 
Only the Representative of the Bondholders may pursue the remedies available under 
the general law or under the Transaction Documents to obtain payment of the 
Guaranteed Obligations or enforce the Guarantee and/or the Security and no 
Bondholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Guarantor to obtain 
payment of the Guaranteed Obligations or to enforce the Guarantee and/or the Security. 
In particular: 
(a) 
no Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of 
the Bondholders, where appropriate) is entitled, otherwise than as permitted by 
the Transaction Documents, to direct the Representative of the Bondholders to 
enforce the Guarantee and/or Security or take any proceedings against the 
Guarantor to enforce the Guarantee and/or the Security; 
(b) 
no Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of 
the Bondholders, where appropriate) shall, save as expressly permitted by the 
Transaction Documents, have the right to take or join any person in taking any 
steps against the Guarantor for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amount 
due from the Guarantor; 
(c) 
until the date falling two years and one day after the date on which all Series of 
Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms together with any 
payments payable in priority or pari passu thereto, no Bondholder (nor any

--- Page 153 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
153 
 
 
person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the Bondholders) shall 
initiate or join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in relation to the 
Guarantor; and 
(d) 
no Bondholder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate 
action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the 
Priority of Payments not being complied with. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall become void unless made within 
ten years (in respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) from the due date 
thereof. 
14. 
Representative of the Bondholders 
(a) 
Organisation of the Bondholders: The Organisation of the Bondholders shall be 
established upon, and by virtue of, the issue of the first Series of Covered Bonds 
under the Programme and shall remain in force and in effect until repayment in 
full or cancellation of all the Covered Bonds of whatever Series. Pursuant to the 
Rules, for as long as any Covered Bonds of any Series are outstanding, there 
shall at all times be a Representative of the Bondholders. The appointment of 
the Representative of the Bondholders as legal representative of the 
Organisation of the Bondholders is made by the Bondholders subject to and in 
accordance with the Rules. 
(b) 
Initial appointment: In the Programme Agreement, the Dealers have appointed 
the Representative of the Bondholders to perform the activities described in the 
Mandate Agreement, in the Programme Agreement, in these Conditions 
(including the Rules), and in the other Transaction Documents and the 
Representative of the Bondholders has accepted such appointment for the period 
commencing on the Issue Date and ending (subject to early termination of its 
appointment) on the date on which all of the Covered Bonds of whatever Series 
have been cancelled or redeemed in accordance with their respective terms and 
conditions. 
(c) 
Acknowledgment by Bondholders: Each Bondholder, by reason of holding 
Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Bondholders as its representative 
and (to the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by the 
Transaction Documents; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Dealers shall not be liable in respect 
of any loss, liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by 
any of the Bondholders as a result of the performance by the 
Representative of the Bondholders of its duties or the exercise of any of 
its rights under the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 154 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
154 
 
 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement and in 
connection with the Covered Bonds, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer 
and, following service of an Issuer Default Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, as 
agents of the Guarantor and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Bondholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and its initial Specified Office is set out in these Conditions. 
Any additional Paying Agents and their Specified Offices are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor principal 
paying agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a principal paying agent; 
and 
(b) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the 
Issuer and the Guarantor shall maintain a Paying Agent having its specified 
office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall 
promptly be given to the Bondholders. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Bondholders, create and 
issue further Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the Covered 
Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to 
form a single series with the Covered Bonds. 
17. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices given through Monte Titoli: Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, 
as long as the Covered Bonds are held through Monte Titoli, shall be deemed to 
have been duly given if given through the systems of Monte Titoli. 
(b) 
Notices in Luxembourg: As long as the Covered Bonds are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, any 
notice to Bondholders shall also be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com). 
(c) 
Other publication: The Representative of the Bondholders shall be at liberty to 
sanction any other method of giving notice to Bondholders if, in its opinion, 
such other method is reasonable having regard to market practice then 
prevailing and to the rules of the competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system by which the Covered Bonds are then admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation and provided that notice of such other method is given

--- Page 155 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
155 
 
 
to the holders of the Covered Bonds in such manner as the Representative of the 
Bondholders shall require. 
18. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 
per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), 
(c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: These Conditions, the Covered Bonds and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with are governed by Italian law. All 
other Transaction Documents are governed by Italian law, save for the Swap 
Agreements (if any) and the Deed of Charge (if any), which are governed by 
English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution 
of any dispute that may arise in relation to the Covered Bonds, the Conditions 
and the Rules or their validity, interpretation or performance and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them. 
(c) 
Relevant legislation: Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions 
will be governed by the provisions of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds 
Law, the Bank of Italy Regulations, article 129 of the CRR and, if applicable, 
Article 58 of the Consolidated Banking Act.

--- Page 156 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
156 
 
 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1 
The Organisation of the Bondholders in respect of all Covered Bonds of whatever 
Series issued under the Programme by Banco BPM S.p.A. is created concurrently with 
the issue and subscription of the Covered Bonds of the first Series to be issued and is 
governed by these Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders (Rules). 
1.2 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all 
the Covered Bonds of whatever Series. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds of each Series issued by the Issuer. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
Blocked Covered Bonds means (i) the Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an 
account with a clearing system, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant 
custodian for the purpose of voting at a Meeting, or (ii) in case of N Covered Bonds 
and Covered Bonds issued in registered form, such Covered Bonds which have been 
blocked with the Registrar, for the purpose of obtaining, (a) from the Principal Paying 
Agent and/or the Registrar a Block Voting Instruction, (b) from the Monte Titoli 
Account Holder or the relevant Custodian, a Voting Certificate on terms that such 
Covered Bonds will not be released until after the conclusion of the Meeting in respect 
of which the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate is required; 
Block Voting Instruction means, in relation to a Meeting, a document prepared by the 
Tabulation Agent (where appointed) or otherwise by the Paying Agent summarising the 
results of the Voting Instructions received by or on behalf of the Bondholders and, in 
particular: 
(a) 
in case of N Covered Bonds and Covered Bonds issued in registered form, 
certifying that specified Covered Bonds have been blocked with the Registrar 
and will not be released until the conclusion of the Meeting; 
(b) 
where applicable, certifying that the Covered Bonds relating to the relevant 
Voting Instructions are held to the order of a Paying Agent or under its control 
or have been blocked in an account with a clearing system, the Monte Titoli 
Account Holder or the relevant custodian and will not be released until the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and

--- Page 157 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
157 
 
 
(ii) 
the surrender the Tabulation Agent (where appointed) or otherwise to 
the Paying Agent which issued the same not less than 48 hours before 
the time fixed for the Meeting (or, if the meeting has been adjourned, 
the time fixed for its resumption) of confirmation that the Covered 
Bonds are Blocked Covered Bonds and notification of the release 
thereof by the Tabulation Agent (where appointed) or otherwise the 
Paying Agent to the Issuer and Representative of the Bondholders; 
(c) 
certifying to have received appropriate evidence of the ownership of the 
Covered Bonds being the subject of the relevant Voting Instructions as at the 
relevant Record Date; 
(d) 
certifying that the Holder of the relevant Covered Bonds or Blocked Covered 
Bonds, as the case may be, or the registered Holder in case of N Covered Bonds 
or Covered Bond issued in registered form, or a duly authorised person on its 
behalf has notified the Tabulation Agent (where appointed) or otherwise the 
Paying Agent that the votes attributable to such Covered Bonds are to be cast in 
a particular way on each resolution to be put to the Meeting and that during the 
period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting such instructions may 
not be amended or revoked; 
(e) 
listing the aggregate principal amount of such specified Blocked Covered 
Bonds, distinguishing between those in respect of which instructions have been 
given to vote for, and against, each resolution; 
Chairman means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in 
accordance with Article 8 (Chairman of the Meeting); 
Event of Default means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default; 
Extraordinary Resolution means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and 
held in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not 
less than three quarters of the votes cast; 
Holder or holder means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such 
Covered Bonds and, in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form and N 
Covered Bonds, the ultimate registered owner of such Covered Bonds as set out in the 
Register; 
Meeting means a meeting of Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed 
following an adjournment); 
Moody’s means Moody’s Deutschland GmbH or any of its successors; 
Monte Titoli Account Holders means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari 
aderenti) in accordance with article 79-quarter of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 
February 1998 and includes any depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing 
System;

--- Page 158 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
158 
 
 
Ordinary Resolution means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and 
held in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more 
than 50% of the votes cast; 
Programme Resolution means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting 
of the Bondholders of all Series, duly convened and held in accordance with the 
provisions contained in these Rules (i) to direct the Representative of the Bondholders 
to take any action pursuant to Condition 11.2 (Issuer Events of Default), Condition 11.3 
(Guarantor Events of Default) or to appoint or remove the Representative of the 
Bondholders pursuant to Article 26 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration); or (ii) 
to take any other action stipulated in the Conditions or Transaction Documents as 
requiring a Programme Resolution; 
Proxy means any person appointed to vote at a Meeting other than any person whose 
appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Tabulation Agent (where 
appointed) or otherwise the relevant Paying Agent, or in the case of a proxy appointed 
under a Voting Certificate, the Issuer has been notified in writing of such revocation by 
the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; 
Record Date means the date falling 7 Business Days prior to the Meeting; 
Rating Agency means Moody’s; 
Resolutions means the Ordinary Resolutions, the Extraordinary Resolutions and the 
Programme Resolutions, collectively; 
Swap Rate means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds, the 
exchange rate specified in any Swap Agreement relating to such Covered Bond or 
Series of Covered Bonds or, if there is not exchange rate specified or if the Swap 
Agreement has terminated, the applicable spot rate; 
Tabulation Agent means the agent appointed by the Issuer to take care of the 
organisation of the Meeting and any administrative activities relating thereto; 
Transaction Party means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document; 
Voter means, in relation to a Meeting, the Holder named in a Voting Certificate or a 
Proxy; 
Voting Certificate means, in relation to any Meeting a certificate issued by a Monte 
Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of 
Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time containing, inter 
alia, evidence of the ownership of the Covered Bonds being the subject of the relevant 
Voting Certificate as at the relevant Record Date; 
Voting Instruction means, in respect to a Resolution, the voting instruction that must 
be delivered to the Tabulation Agent (where appointed) or otherwise the Paying Agent 
by each Bondholder wishing to vote without participating directly at the relevant 
Meeting, whether directly or through the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder or 
custodian, stating that the vote(s) attributable to the Covered Bonds that are the subject 
of such voting instruction should be cast in a particular way in relation to the relevant 
Resolution (either in favour or against such Resolution).

--- Page 159 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
159 
 
 
Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or 
more persons being or representing at least 75 per cent of all the Bondholders who at 
any relevant time are entitled to participate in a Meeting in accordance with the 
provisions of these Rules, whether contained in one document or several documents in 
the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Bondholders; 
24 hours means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are 
open for business both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and in each 
of the places where the Paying Agents have their Specified Offices; and 
48 hours means two consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, 
words and expressions used in these Rules shall have the meanings and the construction 
ascribed to them in the Conditions to which these Rules are attached. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
2.2.1 
any reference herein to an Article shall, except where expressly provided to 
the contrary, be a reference to an article of these Rules of the Organisation 
of the Bondholders; 
2.2.2 
a successor of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or 
successor in title of such party and any person who under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of incorporation or domicile of such party has assumed the rights 
and obligations of such party under any Transaction Document or to which, 
under such laws, such rights and obligations have been transferred; and 
2.2.3 
any reference to any Transaction Party shall be construed so as to include its 
and any subsequent successors and transferees in accordance with their 
respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall 
form a separate Series of Covered Bonds and accordingly, unless for any purpose the 
Representative of the Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise determine, 
the provisions of this sentence and of Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation) to 25 
(Meetings and Separate Series) and 28 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the 
Bondholders) to 36 (Powers to Act on behalf of the Guarantor) shall apply mutatis 
mutandis separately and independently to the Covered Bonds of each Series. However, 
for the purposes of this Clause 2.3: 
2.3.1 Articles 26 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration) and 27 (Resignation of 
the Representative of the Bondholders); and 
2.3.2 insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the 
Organisation) to 24 (Meetings and Separate Series) and 28 (Duties and Powers 
of the Representative of the Bondholders) to 36 (Powers to Act on behalf of the 
Guarantor),

--- Page 160 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
160 
 
 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of 
such Articles shall apply to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a single 
Series and, in such Articles, the expressions “Covered Bonds” and “Bondholders” shall 
be construed accordingly. 
3. 
PURPOSE OF THE ORGANISATION 
3.1 
Each Bondholder whatever Series of the Covered Bonds he holds is a member of the 
Organisation of the Bondholders. 
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of 
the rights of the Bondholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or 
desirable to protect the interest of the Bondholders. 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
4. 
VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
4.1 
Issue 
4.1.1 A Bondholder wishing to participate in person at a Meeting may obtain a Voting 
Certificate in respect of such Meeting. 
4.1.2 A Bondholder wishing to vote but not wishing to participate in person at a 
Meeting shall deliver a Voting Instruction to the Tabulation Agent (where 
appointed) or otherwise to the Paying Agent and appoint a Proxy to participate 
at the Meeting on its behalf. 
4.1.3 Upon receipt of all Voting Instructions by the Tabulation Agent (where 
appointed) or otherwise by the Paying Agent, the Paying Agent (on the basis of 
the information received by the Tabulation Agent (where appointed)) will issue 
a Block Voting Instruction summarising the Bondholders’ instructions in 
accordance to which the designed Proxy will vote at the Meeting. 
4.2 
Blocking of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds in respect of which a Voting Instruction has been delivered or a 
Voting Certificate is being requested may, or may not, at the Issuer discretion, be 
blocked with a clearing system, the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder. The relevant 
Covered Bonds, if blocked, will be Blocked Covered Bonds with effect from the date 
on which the Voting Instruction is submitted or the Voting Certificate is requested (as 
the case may be) until the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Meeting and (ii) the 
surrender to the Tabulation Agent (where appointed) or otherwise the Paying Agent, 
not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting, of the confirmation that 
the Covered Bonds are Blocked Covered Bonds and notification of the release thereof 
by the Tabulation Agent (where appointed) or otherwise the Paying Agent to the Issuer 
and Representative of the Bondholders.

--- Page 161 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
161 
 
 
4.3 
Expiry of validity 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid, in case the relevant 
Covered Bonds are blocked, until the release of the Blocked Covered Bonds to which 
it relates or otherwise (unless earlier revoked) until the conclusion of the relevant 
Meeting. 
4.4 
Deemed Holder 
Bondholders who, as at the Record Date, own beneficial interests (as shown in the 
records of the relevant clearing system, or the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders) 
shall be deemed to be the Holder of the Covered Bonds for all purposes in connection 
with the Meeting. 
4.5 
Mutually exclusive 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding 
simultaneously in respect of the same Covered Bond. 
4.6 
References to blocking and release 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds, where applicable, shall be 
construed in accordance with the usual practices (including blocking the relevant 
account) of any Relevant Clearing System. 
5. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account 
Holder or, in case of N Covered Bonds and Covered Bonds issued in registered form, 
by the Registrar shall be valid for the purpose of the relevant Meeting only if it is 
deposited at the Specified Offices of the Principal Paying Agent, or at any other place 
approved by the Representative of the Bondholders, at least 24 hours before the time 
fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate is 
not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid. If the Representative of the 
Bondholders or the Tabulation Agent (where appointed) so requires, a notarised (or 
otherwise acceptable) copy of each Block Voting Instruction and satisfactory evidence 
of the identity of each Proxy shall be produced at the Meeting but the Representative 
of the Bondholders or the Tabulation Agent (as the case may be) shall not be obliged 
to investigate the validity of a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the 
identity of any Proxy. 
6. 
CONVENING A MEETING 
6.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may and (in relation 
to a meeting for the passing of a Programme Resolution) the Issuer shall upon a request 
in writing signed by the holders of not less than five per cent. of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding convene a meeting 
of the Bondholders and if the Issuer makes default for a period of seven days in 
convening such a meeting requisitioned by the Bondholders the same may be convened 
by the Representative of the Bondholders or the requisitionists. The Representative of

--- Page 162 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
162 
 
 
the Bondholders may convene a single meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of 
more than one Series if in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders there is 
no conflict between the holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, in which 
event the provisions of this Schedule shall apply thereto mutatis mutandis. 
6.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in 
writing to the Representative of the Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and 
place of the Meeting, and the items to be included in the agenda. 
6.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by 
the Representative of the Bondholders. 
7. 
NOTICE 
7.1 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21, or 5 in case of a Meeting convened in order to resolve to extend the Test 
Remedy Period pursuant to Condition 11.2 (Issuer Events of Default), days’ notice 
(exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on which the relevant Meeting 
is to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be given to the 
relevant Bondholders and the Paying Agents, with a copy to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by the Representative of the Bondholders, 
or with a copy to the Representative of the Bondholders, where the Meeting is convened 
by the Issuer, subject to Article 6.3. 
7.2 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting 
unless the Representative of the Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify 
the nature of the resolution without including the full text and shall state that (i) Voting 
Certificates for the purpose of such Meeting may be obtained from a Monte Titoli 
Account Holder in accordance with the provisions of the regulation issued jointly by 
the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time, (ii) 
the procedure to deliver a Voting Instruction and to appoint a Proxy and (iii) that 
Covered Bonds may or may not at the Issuer’s discretion be blocked in an account with 
a clearing system starting from the delivery of the relevant Voting Instruction or request 
of the relevant Voting Certificate, as the case may be. 
With reference to the N Covered Bonds and Covered Bonds issued in registered form, 
the notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting 
unless the Representative of the Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify 
the nature of the resolution without including the full text and shall state that N Covered 
Bonds or Covered Bond issued in registered form may be blocked with the Registrar, 
or with other entity authorised to do so by the Registrar, for the purposes of appointing 
Proxies under Block voting Instructions until 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
Meeting and that N Covered Bondholders or holders of Covered Bonds issued in 
registered form may also appoint Proxies either under a Block Voting Instruction by

--- Page 163 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
163 
 
 
delivering written instructions to the Registrar or the Principal Paying Agent or by 
executing and delivering a form of Proxy to the Specified Office of the Registrar or the 
Principal Paying Agent, in either case until 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
Meeting. 
7.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 7 are 
not complied with if the Holders of the Covered Bonds constituting all the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds, the Holders of which are entitled to attend 
and vote, are represented at such Meeting and the Issuer and the Representative of the 
Bondholders are present. 
8. 
CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING 
8.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Bondholder), nominated by the 
Representative of the Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
8.1.1 
the Representative of the Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or 
8.1.2 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes 
after the time fixed for the Meeting, 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, 
failing which, the Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned 
Meeting need not be the same person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
8.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly 
constituted, manages the business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, 
leads and moderates the debate, and determines the mode of voting. 
8.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically 
invited to assist in any given matter, and may appoint one or more vote-counters, who 
are not required to be Bondholders. 
9. 
QUORUM 
The quorum at any Meeting will be: 
9.1.1 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, two or more persons holding or 
representing at least 50 per cent of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds the holders of which are entitled to attend and vote or, at an 
adjourned Meeting, two or more persons being or representing Bondholders 
entitled to attend and vote, whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds so held or represented;

--- Page 164 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
164 
 
 
9.1.2 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution, two or 
more persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent of the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds the holders of which are entitled 
to attend and vote or at an adjourned Meeting, two or more persons being or 
representing Bondholders entitled to attend and vote, whatever the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds so held or represented; 
9.1.3 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters 
(other than in relation to a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, 
subject only to Article 32.4 (Obligation to act), only be capable of being 
effected after having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution) namely: 
(a) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, 
modification of the method of calculating the amount payable or 
modification of the date of payment or, where applicable, modification 
of the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any 
principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds 
are to be made; 
(c) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(d) 
any amendment to the Guarantee (except in a manner determined by 
the Representative of the Bondholders not to be materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Bondholders of any Series); 
(e) 
except in accordance with Articles 31 (Amendments and Modifications) 
and 32 (Waiver), the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to 
effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds 
for, or the conversion of such Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or 
other obligations or securities of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any 
other person or body corporate, formed or to be formed; and 
(f) 
alteration of this Article 9.1.3; 
(each a Series Reserved Matter), the quorum shall be two or more persons 
being or representing holders of not less two-thirds of the aggregate Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being 
outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more persons being or 
representing not less than one-third of the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being 
outstanding, 
provided that, if in respect of any Covered Bonds the Paying Agent has 
received evidence that 90% Covered Bonds are held by a single Holder and 
the Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction so states then a single Voter 
appointed in relation thereto or being the Holder of the Covered Bonds thereby 
represented shall be deemed to be two Voters for the purpose of forming a 
quorum.

--- Page 165 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
165 
 
 
10. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 
minutes after the time fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction 
of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present: 
10.1 
if such Meeting was requested by Bondholders, the Meeting shall be dissolved; 
and 
10.2 
in any other case, the Meeting (unless the Issuer and the Representative of the 
Bondholders otherwise agree) shall, subject to paragraphs 10.2.1 and 10.2.2 
below, be adjourned to a new date no earlier than 14 days and no later than 42 
days after the original date of such Meeting, and to such place as the Chairman 
determines with the approval of the Representative of the Bondholders provided 
that: 
10.2.1 
no Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum; 
and 
10.2.2 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer and the Representative of 
the Bondholders together so decide. 
11. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
Except as provided in Article 10 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum), the Chairman 
may, with the prior consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, 
adjourn such Meeting to another time and place. No business shall be transacted at any 
adjourned meeting except business which might have been transacted at the Meeting 
from which the adjournment took place. 
12. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
12.1 
Notice required 
Article 7 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment 
for lack of a quorum except that: 
12.1.1 10 days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of 
the day on which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
12.1.2 the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply 
when the Meeting resumes. 
12.2 
Notice not required 
It shall not be necessary to give notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for 
reasons other than those described in Article 10 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum). 
13. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting:

--- Page 166 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
166 
 
 
13.1 
Voters; 
13.2 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
13.3 
representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Bondholders; 
13.4 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Bondholders; 
13.5 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Bondholders; and 
13.6 
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the 
Representative of the Bondholders. 
14. 
VOTING BY SHOW OF HANDS 
14.1 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote 
by a show of hands. 
14.2 
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the 
Chairman’s declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed or passed 
by a particular majority or rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be 
conclusive without proof of the number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution. 
15. 
VOTING BY POLL 
15.1 
Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders or one or more Voters whatever the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds held or represented by such 
Voter(s). A poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as is decided by 
the Chairman but any poll demanded on the election of a Chairman or on any question 
of adjournment shall be taken immediately. A valid demand for a poll shall not prevent 
the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business. The result of a poll 
shall be deemed to be the resolution of the Meeting at which the poll was demanded. 
15.2 
The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating 
the votes, and may set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is 
not cast in compliance with the terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. 
After voting ends, the votes shall be counted and, after the counting, the Chairman shall 
announce to the Meeting the outcome of the vote. 
16. 
VOTES 
16.1 
Voting 
Each Voter shall have:

--- Page 167 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
167 
 
 
16.1.1 on a show of hands, one vote; and 
16.1.2 on a poll every Vote who is so present shall have one vote in respect of each 
€1,000 of Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds represented by 
the Voting Certificate or in respect of which it holds a Proxy or such other 
amount as the Representative of the Bondholders may in its absolute discretion 
stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders of Covered Bonds denominated 
in another currency, such amount in such other currency as the Representative 
of the Bondholders in its absolute discretion may stipulate) in the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds it holds or represents. 
16.2 
Voting Instruction 
Unless the terms of any Voting Instruction states otherwise, a Voter shall not be obliged 
to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is entitled or to cast all the votes he 
exercises the same way. 
16.3 
Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
17. 
VOTING BY PROXY 
17.1 
Validity 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Voting Instruction or shall be valid 
even if such Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate or any instruction pursuant to 
which it has been given had been amended or revoked provided that none of the Issuer, 
the Representative of the Bondholders or the Chairman has been notified in writing of 
such amendment or revocation at least 24 hours prior to the time set for the relevant 
Meeting. 
17.2 
Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy in relation to a Meeting shall remain in 
force in relation to any resumption of such Meeting following an adjournment save that 
no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to a meeting originally convened which has 
been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in force in relation to such meeting 
when it is resumed. 
18. 
RESOLUTIONS 
18.1 
Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following 
powers exercisable by Ordinary Resolution, to: 
18.1.1 grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these 
Rules or of the Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary 
Resolution or required to be the subject of a resolution or determined by a 
Meeting and not required to be the subject of an Extraordinary Resolution; and

--- Page 168 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
168 
 
 
18.1.2 to authorise the Representative of the Bondholders or any other person to 
execute all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any 
Ordinary Resolution. 
18.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power 
exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution to: 
18.2.1 sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Bondholders 
or any of them; 
18.2.2 approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of 
(a) the rights of the Representative of the Bondholders, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Bondholders or any of them, whether such rights arise under 
the Transaction Documents or otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the Conditions 
or of any Transaction Document or any arrangement in respect of the 
obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Covered Bonds, which, in 
any such case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Representative of the 
Bondholders and/or any other party thereto; 
18.2.3 assent to any modification of the provisions of this these Rules or the 
Transaction Documents which shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Representative of the Bondholders or of any Bondholder; 
18.2.4 in accordance with Article 26 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration), 
appoint and remove the Representative of the Bondholders; 
18.2.5 discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the 
Representative of the Bondholders from any liability in relation to any act or 
omission for which the Representative of the Bondholders has or may become 
liable pursuant or in relation to these Rules, the Conditions or any other 
Transaction Document; 
18.2.6 waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or (if relevant) any other Transaction Party of its obligations under 
or in respect of these Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Transaction 
Document or any act or omission which might otherwise constitute an Event 
of Default; 
18.2.7 grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these 
Rules or of the Conditions, must be granted by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
18.2.8 authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Bondholders in 
compliance with these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other 
Transaction Document; 
18.2.9 appoint any persons (whether Bondholders or not) as a committee to represent 
the interests of the Bondholders and to confer on any such committee any 
powers which the Bondholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary 
Resolution;

--- Page 169 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
169 
 
 
18.2.10 authorise the Representative of the Bondholders or any other person to execute 
all documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary 
Resolution; and 
18.2.11 in case of failure or request by the Representative of the Bondholders to send 
an Issuer Default Notice, Guarantor Default Notice or Breach of Test Notice, 
direct the Representative of the Bondholders to deliver such notice as a result 
of an Issuer Event of Default pursuant to Condition 11.2 (Issuer Events of 
Default) or a Guarantor Default Notice as a result of a Guarantor Event of 
Default pursuant to Condition 11.3 (Guarantor Events of Default) or a Breach 
of Test Notice as a result of a Segregation Event pursuant to Condition 11.1 
(Segregation Event). 
18.3 
Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the 
Representative of the Bondholders to take any action pursuant to Condition 11.2(i), 
Condition 11.2(b), Condition 11.3 (Guarantor Events of Default) or to appoint or 
remove the Representative of the Bondholders pursuant to Article 26 (Appointment, 
Removal and Remuneration) or to take any other action required by the Conditions or 
any Transaction Document to be taken by Programme Resolution. 
18.4 
Other Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution other than a Programme 
Resolution that is passed by the Holders of one Series of Covered Bonds shall be 
effective in respect of another Series of Covered Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an 
Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (as the case may be) of the Holders 
of Covered Bonds then outstanding of that other Series. 
19. 
EFFECT OF RESOLUTIONS 
19.1 
Binding nature 
Subject to Article 18.4 (Other Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a 
Meeting of the Bondholders duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules 
shall be binding upon all Bondholders, whether or not present at such Meeting and or 
not voting. A Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of all Series shall be binding on all holders of the Covered Bonds of all 
Series, whether or not present at the meeting. 
19.2 
Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Bondholders shall 
be published (at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to 
the Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of 
the Bondholders within 14 days of the conclusion of each Meeting). 
20. 
CHALLENGE TO RESOLUTIONS 
Any absent or dissenting Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are 
not passed in compliance with the provisions of these Rules.

--- Page 170 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
170 
 
 
21. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting. The Minutes 
shall be signed by the Chairman and shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings 
therein recorded. Unless and until the contrary is proved, every Meeting in respect of 
which minutes have been signed by the Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly 
convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted shall be 
regarded as having been duly passed and transacted. 
22. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in 
respect of matters required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an 
Ordinary Resolution. 
23. 
INDIVIDUAL ACTIONS AND REMEDIES 
Each Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Condition 12 (Limited 
recourse and non petition) and clause 10 (Limited Recourse and non petition) of the 
Guarantee, accordingly, if any Bondholder is considering bringing individual actions 
or using other individual remedies to enforce his/her rights under the Guarantee 
(hereinafter, a Claiming Bondholder, any such action or remedy shall be subject to a 
Meeting passing an Extraordinary Resolution consenting to such individual action or 
other remedy on the grounds that it is consistent with such Condition. In this respect, 
the following provisions shall apply: (i) the Bondholder intending to enforce his/her 
rights under the Covered Bonds will notify the Representative of the Bondholders of 
his/her intention; (ii) the Representative of the Bondholders shall call a Meeting in 
accordance with these Rules (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Article 24.1 
(Choice of Meeting); (iii) if the Meeting passes an Extraordinary Resolution consenting 
to the enforcement of the individual action or remedy, the Claiming Bondholder will 
be permitted to take such action or remedy (without prejudice to the fact that, after a 
reasonable period of time, the same matter may be resubmitted for review at another 
Meeting); and (iv) if the Meeting of Covered Bondholders does not consent to an 
individual action or remedy, the Claiming Bondholder will be prohibited from taking 
such individual action or remedy. 
24. 
MEETINGS AND SEPARATE SERIES 
24.1 
Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of 
more than one Series the foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject 
to the following modifications: 
24.1.1 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of only one Series shall be deemed to have been 
duly passed if passed at a separate meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds 
of that Series; 
24.1.2 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of more than one Series but does not give rise to a

--- Page 171 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
171 
 
 
conflict of interest between the holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series 
so affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single 
meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all the Series so affected; 
24.1.3 a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders 
affects the Covered Bonds of more than one Series and gives or may give rise 
to a conflict of interest between the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series 
or group of Series so affected and the holders of the Covered Bonds of another 
Series or group of Series so affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed 
only if passed at separate meetings of the holders of the Covered Bonds of each 
Series or group of Series so affected; 
24.1.4 a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if 
passed at a single meeting of the Bondholders of all Series; and 
24.1.5 to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall mutatis 
mutandis apply as though references therein to Covered Bonds and 
Bondholders were references to the Covered Bonds of the Series or group of 
Series in question or to the holders of such Covered Bonds, as the case may 
be. 
24.2 
Denominations other than euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated 
in euro in the case of any meeting or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders 
of Covered Bonds of more than one currency (whether in respect of a meeting or any 
adjourned such meeting or any poll resulting therefrom or any such request or Written 
Resolution) the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Covered Bonds shall be the 
equivalent in euro at the relevant Swap Rate. In such circumstances, on any poll each 
person present shall have one vote for each €1.00 (or such other euro amount as the 
Representative of the Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds (converted as above) which he 
holds or represents. 
25. 
FURTHER REGULATIONS 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the 
Bondholders may, without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations 
regarding the holding of Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or the 
provisions of a Written Resolution as the Representative of the Bondholders in its sole 
discretion may decide. 
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
26. 
APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION 
26.1 
Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Bondholders takes place by Programme 
Resolution in accordance with the provisions of this Article 26, except for the

--- Page 172 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
172 
 
 
appointment of the first Representative of the Bondholders which will be Banca 
Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
26.2 
Identity of Representative of the Bondholders 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be: 
26.2.1 a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank 
incorporated in any other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or 
26.2.2 a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank 
of Italy pursuant to Article 106 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1993; 
or 
26.2.3 any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of 
Representative of the Bondholders pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set out 
in Article 2399 of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative of the 
Bondholders and, if appointed as such, they shall be automatically removed. 
26.3 
Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Bondholders is removed by Programme Resolution of 
the Bondholders pursuant to Article 18.3 (Programme Resolutions) or resigns pursuant 
to Article 27 (Resignation of the Representative of the Bondholders), it shall remain in 
office until full repayment or cancellation of all the Covered Bonds. 
26.4 
After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the 
Bondholders for any reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until 
the substitute Representative of the Bondholders, which shall be an entity specified in 
Article 26.2 (Identity of Representative of the Bondholders), accepts its appointment, 
and the powers and authority of the Representative of the Bondholders whose 
appointment has been terminated shall, pending the acceptance of its appointment by 
the substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential functions required 
in connection with the Covered Bonds. 
26.5 
Remuneration 
The Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, shall pay to the Representative of the 
Bondholders an annual fee for its services as Representative of the Bondholders from 
the Issue Date, as agreed either in the initial agreement(s) for the issue of and 
subscription for the Covered Bonds or in a separate fee letter. Such fees shall accrue 
from day to day and shall be payable in accordance with the priority of payments set 
out in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) the date when all the Covered 
Bonds of whatever Series shall have been repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with 
the Conditions.

--- Page 173 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
173 
 
 
27. 
RESIGNATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
The Representative of the Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three 
calendar months’ written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, without needing to 
provide any specific reason for the resignation and without being responsible for any 
costs incurred as a result of such resignation. The resignation of the Representative of 
the Bondholders shall not become effective until a new Representative of the 
Bondholders has been appointed in accordance with Article 26.1 (Appointment) and 
such new Representative of the Bondholders has accepted its appointment. provided 
that if Bondholders fail to select a new Representative of the Bondholders within three 
months of written notice of resignation delivered by the Representative of the 
Bondholders, the Representative of the Bondholders may appoint a successor which is 
a qualifying entity pursuant to Article 26.2 (Identity of Representative of the 
Bondholders). 
28. 
DUTIES 
AND 
POWERS 
OF 
THE 
REPRESENTATIVE 
OF 
THE 
BONDHOLDERS 
28.1 
Representative of the Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Bondholders is the legal representative of the Organisation 
of the Bondholders and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the 
Transaction Documents in order to protect the interests of the Bondholders. 
28.2 
Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Bondholders 
is responsible for implementing all resolutions of the Bondholders. The Representative 
of the Bondholders has the right to convene and attend Meetings (together with its 
adviser) to propose any course of action which it considers from time to time necessary 
or desirable. 
28.3 
Delegation 
The Representative of the Bondholders may in the exercise of the powers, discretions 
and authorities vested in it by these Rules and the Transaction Documents: 
28.3.1 act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the 
Representative of the Bondholders; 
28.3.2 whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Bondholders, 
whether by power of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons 
or fluctuating body of persons some, but not all, of the powers, discretions or 
authorities vested in it as aforesaid. 
Any such delegation pursuant to Article 28.3.1 may be made upon such conditions and 
subject to such regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the Representative of 
the Bondholders may think fit in the interest of the Bondholders. The Representative of 
the Bondholders shall not, other than in the normal course of its business, be bound to 
supervise the acts or proceedings of such delegate or sub-delegate and shall not in any 
way or to any extent be responsible for any loss incurred by reason of any misconduct, 
omission or default on the part of such delegate or sub-delegate, provided that the

--- Page 174 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
174 
 
 
Representative of the Bondholders shall use all reasonable care in the appointment of 
any such delegate and shall be responsible for the instructions given by it to such 
delegate. The Representative of the Bondholders shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any 
delegate and any renewal, extension and termination of such appointment, and shall 
procure that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the 
appointment of any sub-delegate as soon as reasonably practicable. 
28.4 
Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of 
the Bondholders in any judicial proceedings including any Insolvency Event in respect 
of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor. 
28.5 
Consents given by Representative of Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Bondholders under these 
Rules and any other Transaction Document may be given on such terms and subject to 
such conditions (if any) as the Representative of the Bondholders deems appropriate 
and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Rules or in the 
Transaction Documents, such consent or approval may be given retrospectively. 
28.6 
Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative of the Bondholders 
shall have absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and 
discretion vested in the Representative of the Bondholders by the Transaction 
Documents, these Rules or by operation of law. 
28.7 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Bondholders 
is entitled to exercise its discretion hereunder, the Representative of the Bondholders 
has the right (but not the obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to obtain 
the Bondholders’ instructions as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, 
the Representative of the Bondholders shall be entitled to request that the Bondholders 
indemnify it and/or provide it with security as specified in Article 29.2 (Specific 
limitations). 
28.8 
Remedy 
The Representative of the Bondholders may determine whether or not a default in the 
performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any obligation under the provisions of 
these Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Transaction Documents may be remedied, 
and if the Representative of the Bondholders certifies that any such default is, in its 
opinion, not capable of being remedied, such certificate shall be conclusive and binding 
upon the Issuer, the Bondholders, the other creditors of the Guarantor and any other 
party to the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 175 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
175 
 
 
29. 
EXONERATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
29.1 
Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or 
responsibilities in addition to those expressly provided herein and in the Transaction 
Documents. 
29.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of the Article 29.1, the Representative of the 
Bondholders: 
29.2.1 
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an 
Event of Default or any other event, condition or act, the occurrence of which 
would cause a right or remedy to become exercisable by the Representative 
of the Bondholders hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, has 
occurred and, until the Representative of the Bondholders has actual 
knowledge or express notice to the contrary, it shall be entitled to assume 
that no Event of Default or such other event, condition or act has occurred; 
29.2.2 
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and 
performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other parties of their 
obligations contained in these Rules, the Transaction Documents or the 
Conditions and, until it shall have actual knowledge or express notice to the 
contrary, the Representative of the Bondholders shall be entitled to assume 
that the Issuer or the Guarantor and each other party to the Transaction 
Documents are duly observing and performing all their respective 
obligations; 
29.2.3 
except as expressly required in these Rules or any Transaction Document, 
shall not be under any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities 
in performance of the provisions of these Rules or any other Transaction 
Document; 
29.2.4 
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, 
adequacy, suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Transaction 
Document, or of any other document or any obligation or right created or 
purported to be created hereby or thereby or pursuant hereto or thereto, and 
(without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) it shall not have any 
responsibility for or have any duty to make any investigation in respect of or 
in any way be liable whatsoever for: 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, 
search, report, certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or 
obtained or required to be delivered or obtained at any time in 
connection with the Programme;

--- Page 176 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
176 
 
 
(iii) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure 
operated by the Servicer or compliance therewith; 
(iv) 
the failure by the Issuer to obtain or comply with any licence, consent 
or other authorisation in connection with the purchase or 
administration of the assets contained in the Cover Pool; and 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Servicer and the Paying Agent or any other person in 
respect of the Cover Pool or the Covered Bonds; 
29.2.5 
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the 
proceeds of the issue of the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such 
proceeds to the persons entitled thereto; 
29.2.6 
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the 
Covered Bonds by any credit or rating agency or any other person; 
29.2.7 
shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of 
any recital, statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party 
other than the Representative of the Bondholders contained herein or in any 
Transaction Document or any certificate, document or agreement relating 
thereto or for the execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, enforceability or 
admissibility in evidence thereof; 
29.2.8 
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing 
or procuring registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting 
these Rules or any Transaction Document; 
29.2.9 
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for 
any defect or failure in the right or title of the Guarantor in relation to the 
assets contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof, whether such defect 
or failure was known to the Representative of the Bondholders or might have 
been discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether capable of being 
remedied or not; 
29.2.10 
shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of 
the Mortgage Loans contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.11 
shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to 
the Cover Pool or any part thereof provided by any person; 
29.2.12 
shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or 
damage arising from the realisation of the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.13 
shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for 
making or verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the 
Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool or any Transaction Document; 
29.2.14 
shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof;

--- Page 177 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
177 
 
 
29.2.15 
shall, when in these Rules or any Transaction Document it is required in 
connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions 
to have regard to the interests of the Bondholders, have regard to the overall 
interests of the Bondholders of each Series as a class of persons and shall not 
be obliged to have regard to any interests arising from circumstances 
particular to individual Bondholders whatever their number and, in particular 
but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of such 
exercise for individual Bondholders (whatever their number) resulting from 
their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected 
with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or taxing 
authority; 
29.2.16 
shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities 
or discretions, it is of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced 
thereby, exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without the 
approval of such Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a written 
resolution of such Bondholders of not less than 75 per cent. of the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then 
outstanding; 
29.2.17 
shall, as regards at the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it 
by the Transaction Documents, except where expressly provided therein, 
have regard to the interests of both the Bondholders and the other creditors 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor but if, in the opinion of the Representative of 
the Bondholders, there is a conflict between their interests the Representative 
of the Bondholders will have regard solely to the interest of the Bondholders; 
29.2.18 
may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority 
or discretion vested in it under these Rules or any Transaction Document or 
any other agreement relating to the transactions herein or therein 
contemplated until it has been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction 
against any and all actions, proceedings, claims and demands which might 
be brought or made against it and against all costs, charges, damages, 
expenses and liabilities suffered, incurred or sustained by it as a result. 
Nothing contained in these Rules or any of the other Transaction Documents 
shall require the Representative of the Bondholders to expend or risk its own 
funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its 
duties or the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder 
if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds or adequate 
indemnity against, or security for, such risk or liability is not reasonably 
assured; 
29.2.19 
shall not have any liability for any loss, liability, damages claim or expense 
directly or indirectly suffered or incurred by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any 
Bondholder, any Other Guarantor Creditor or any other person as a result of 
(a) the delivery by the Representative of the Bondholders of the certificate 
of incapability of remedy relating any material default of obligations 
pursuant to Condition 11.2 (Issuer Events of Default) and Condition 11.3 
(Guarantor Events of Default) on the basis of an opinion formed by it in good 
faith; or (b) any determination, any act, matter or thing that will not be

--- Page 178 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
178 
 
 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders as a whole or the 
interests of the Bondholders of any Series; and 
29.2.20 
unless and to the extent ordered so to do by a court of competent jurisdiction, 
shall not be under any obligation to disclose to any Bondholder, any Other 
Guarantor Creditor or any other person any confidential, financial, price 
sensitive or other information made available to the Representative of the 
Bondholders by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other person in connection 
with these rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Transaction Document, and 
none of the Bondholders, Other Guarantor Creditors nor any other person 
shall be entitled to take any action to obtain from the Representative of the 
Bondholders any such information, it being understood that in the event that 
the Representative of the Bondholders discloses any of such information, 
such information shall have to be disclosed to all the Bondholders and Other 
Guarantor Creditors at the same time. 
29.3 
Covered Bonds held by Issuer 
The Representative of the Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no Covered 
Bonds are, at any given time, held by or for the benefit of the Issuer. 
29.4 
Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Bondholders to do 
anything which may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend 
moneys or otherwise take risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise 
of any of its powers or discretion. The Representative of the Bondholders may refrain 
from taking any action which would or might, in its opinion, be contrary to any law of 
any jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of any agency of any state, or if it has 
reasonable grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed for any funds it expends, 
or that it will not be indemnified against any loss or liability which it may incur as a 
consequence of such action. The Representative of the Bondholders may do anything 
which, in its opinion, is necessary to comply with any such law, regulation or directive 
as aforesaid. 
30. 
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION 
30.1 
Advice 
The Representative of the Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate or opinion 
of, or any written information obtained from, the Issuer or any lawyer, accountant, 
banker, broker, credit or rating agency or other expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not be 
liable for any loss occasioned by so acting. Any such opinion, advice, certificate or 
information may be sent or obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax transmission and 
the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, 
advice, certificate or information purporting to be so conveyed although the same 
contains some error or is not authentic.

--- Page 179 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
179 
 
 
30.2 
Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor 
The Representative of the Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept (a) 
as sufficient evidence 
30.2.1 as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s 
knowledge, a certificate duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the case 
may be) the Guarantor; 
30.2.2 that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may 
be) the Guarantor to the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or 
thing is expedient, 
and the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call 
for further evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of 
acting on such certificate unless any of its officers in charge of the administration of 
these Rules shall have actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the 
matters contained in the certificate. 
30.3 
Resolution or direction of Bondholders 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any 
resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting 
in respect whereof minutes have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite 
percentage of Bondholders, even though it may subsequently be found that there was 
some defect in the constitution of the Meeting or the passing of the Written Resolution 
or the giving of such directions or that for any reason the resolution purporting to be a 
Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting or the giving of the direction 
was not valid or binding upon the Bondholders. 
30.4 
Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the Covered 
Bonds, may fully rely on the certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account Holder in 
accordance with the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 
August 2018, as amended from time to time, which certificates are to be conclusive 
proof of the matters certified therein. 
30.5 
Clearing Systems 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as 
sufficient evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation 
certified as true and accurate and signed on behalf of such clearing system as the 
Representative of the Bondholders considers appropriate, or any form of record made 
by any clearing system, to the effect that at any particular time or throughout any 
particular period any particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its records as entitled 
to a particular number of Covered Bonds. 
30.6 
Rating Agency 
The Representative of the Bondholders in evaluating, for the purposes of exercising any 
power, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to these Rules that such exercise

--- Page 180 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
180 
 
 
will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Bondholders of any Series or of 
all Series for the time being outstanding, may consider, inter alia, the circumstance that 
the then current rating of the Covered Bonds of any such Series or all such Series (as 
the case may be) would not be adversely affected by such exercise. If the Representative 
of the Bondholders, in order properly to exercise its rights or fulfil its obligations, 
deems it necessary to obtain the views of the Rating Agency as to how a specific act 
would affect any outstanding rating of the Covered Bonds, the Representative of the 
Bondholders may inform the Issuer, which will then obtain such views at its expense 
on behalf of the Representative of the Bondholders or the Representative of the 
Bondholders may seek and obtain such views itself at the cost of the Issuer. 
30.7 
Certificates of Parties to Transaction Document 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the 
Issuer or the Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued by any party 
(other than the Issuer or the Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other 
Transaction Document, 
30.7.1 in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly 
provided for under the Conditions or any Transaction Document; 
30.7.2 as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
30.7.3 as to such party’s opinion with respect to any issue, 
and the Representative of the Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional 
evidence in respect of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall not be held 
responsible for any loss, liability, cost, damage, expense, or charge incurred as a result 
of having failed to do so unless any of its officers has actual knowledge or express 
notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained in the certificate. 
30.8 
Auditors 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or 
investigating any auditors’ report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such 
report or certificate. 
31. 
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
31.1 
Modifications subject to Representative of Bondholders’ evaluation 
Without prejudice to Article 31.3 (Modifications subject to the Dealer(s)’ consent) 
below, the Representative of the Bondholders may at any time and from time to time 
and without the consent or sanction of the Bondholders of any Series concur with the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making any modification 
(and for this purpose the Representative of the Bondholders may disregard whether any 
such modification relates to a Series Reserved Matter) as follows: 
31.1.1 to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which, 
in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders, it may be expedient 
to make provided that the Representative of the Bondholders is of the opinion

--- Page 181 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
181 
 
 
that such modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any 
of the Bondholders of any Series; and 
31.1.2 to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which 
is of a formal, minor, administrative or technical nature or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law; and 
31.1.3 to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which, 
in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders, is to correct a manifest 
error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of 
the Bondholders. 
31.2 
Modifications not subject to Representative of Bondholders’ evaluation 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Article 31.1 (Modifications subject to Representative 
of Bondholders’ evaluation) above without prejudice to Article 31.3 (Modifications 
subject to the Dealer(s)’ consent) below, the Representative of the Bondholders shall 
be obliged, without any consent or sanction of the Bondholders or any Other Guarantor 
Creditor, to concur with the Issuer in making any modification to these Rules, the 
Conditions or the Transaction Documents that the Issuer considers necessary in relation 
to the following subjects: 
31.2.1 modifications required to avoid a downgrade, withdrawal or suspension of the 
then current ratings assigned by the Rating Agency to any Series of Covered 
Bonds, provided that the Issuer certifies to the Representative of the 
Bondholders in writing that the Rating Agency has been informed of the 
proposed changes and has raised no objection; 
31.2.2 modifications required to enable any of the counterparties under the 
Transaction Documents to remain eligible to perform their role thereunder, 
provided that the Issuer certifies to the Representative of the Bondholders in 
writing that the Rating Agency has been informed of the proposed changes and 
has raised no objection; 
31.2.3 modifications seeking only to implement the new criteria published by the 
Rating Agency, provided that the Issuer certifies to the Representative of the 
Bondholders in writing that the Rating Agency has been informed of the 
proposed changes and has raised no objection; 
31.2.4 modifications required for the purpose of enabling the Covered Bonds to be 
(or to remain) listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, provided that the 
Issuer certifies to the Representative of the Bondholders in writing that such 
modification is required solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely to 
such effect; 
31.2.5 modifications required for the purpose of ensuring the compliance of the 
Programme with the laws and regulations applicable from time to time, 
including, without limitation, the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, the 
Bank of Italy Regulations and the CRR, provided that the Issuer certifies to the 
Representative of the Bondholders in writing that such modification is required 
solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely to such effect;

--- Page 182 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
182 
 
 
31.2.6 modifications required for the purposes of enabling the Issuer or any of the 
other parties to the Transaction Documents to comply with FATCA (or any 
voluntary agreement entered into with a taxing authority in relation thereto), 
provided that the Issuer or the relevant party to the Transaction Documents 
certifies to the Representative of the Bondholders in writing that such 
modification is required solely for such purpose and has been drafted solely to 
such effect, 
provided that the Issuer has given at least 30 calendar days’ prior written notice to the 
Bondholders of the proposed modifications in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) 
and has made available to Bondholders for inspection drafts of any such proposed 
amendments. 
31.3 
Modifications subject to the Dealer(s)’ consent 
During the period commencing on the Trade Date and ending on the relevant Issue 
Date, the Issuer will not, without the prior consent of the Dealer(s), terminate or effect 
or permit to become effective any amendment to any Transaction Document, unless 
such amendment is required in order to comply with any applicable law (in such 
circumstances, the scope of the relevant amendment shall be limited to the extent 
strictly required for the purpose of ensuring such compliance or of pursuing the interest 
of the Bondholders). It remains understood that, in case of conflict between the interests 
of the Bondholders and the Dealer(s), the interest of the Dealer(s) will prevail. 
31.4 
Binding Nature 
Any such modification under 33.1 and 33.2 above shall be binding upon the 
Bondholders and, unless the Representative of the Bondholders otherwise agrees, shall 
be notified by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
32. 
WAIVER 
32.1 
Waiver of Breach 
The Representative of the Bondholders may at any time and from time to time without 
the consent or sanction of the Bondholders of any Series and, without prejudice to its 
rights in respect of any subsequent breach, condition or event but only if, and in so far 
as, in its opinion the interests of the Holders of the Covered Bonds of any Series then 
outstanding shall not be materially prejudiced thereby: 
32.1.1 authorise or waive any proposed breach or breach by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Guarantee, 
these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents; or 
32.1.2 determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the 
purposes of the Transaction Documents, 
without any consent or sanction of the Bondholders.

--- Page 183 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
183 
 
 
32.2 
Binding Nature 
Any such authorisation or waiver or determination may be given on such terms and 
subject to such conditions (if any) as the Representative of the Bondholders may 
determine, shall be binding on all Bondholders and, if the Representative of the 
Bondholders so requires, shall be notified to the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor 
Creditors by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as soon as practicable after it has been given 
or made in accordance with the provisions of the conditions relating to Notices and the 
relevant Transaction Documents. 
32.3 
Restriction on powers 
Other than in the case of a modification pursuant to Article 31.2, the Representative of 
the Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by this Article 32 
(Waiver) in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution, but 
so that no such direction shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination 
previously given or made. 
32.4 
Obligation to act 
The Representative of the Bondholders shall be bound to waive or authorise any breach 
or proposed breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any of the covenants or provisions 
contained in by Guarantee, these Rules or any of the other Transaction Documents or 
determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such if it is so directed by a 
Programme Resolution and then only if it is indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which 
it may incur by so doing. 
33. 
INDEMNITY 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Guarantor has covenanted and undertaken 
to reimburse, pay or discharge (on a full indemnity basis) upon demand, to the extent 
not already reimbursed, paid or discharged by the Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, 
losses, charges, expenses, damages, actions, proceedings, claims and demands properly 
incurred by or made against the Representative of the Bondholders or any entity to 
which the Representative of the Bondholders has delegated any power, authority or 
discretion in relation to the exercise or purported exercise of its powers, authorities and 
discretions and the performance of its duties under and otherwise in relation to these 
Rules and the Transaction Documents (including but not limited to legal and travelling 
expenses, and any stamp, issue, registration, documentary and other taxes or duties paid 
by the Representative of the Bondholders in connection with any action and/or legal 
proceedings brought or contemplated by the Representative of the Bondholders 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents against the Issuer, or any other person to 
enforce any obligation under these Rules, the Covered Bonds or the Transaction 
Documents) except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of gross negligence 
(colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the Representative of the Bondholders. 
34. 
LIABILITY 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the 
Bondholders shall not be liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way

--- Page 184 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
184 
 
 
in connection with the Transaction Documents, the Covered Bonds or the Rules except 
in relation to its own gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo). 
35. 
SECURITY DOCUMENTS 
35.1 
Rights of the Representative of the Bondholders 
35.1.1 The Representative of the Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Secured 
Bondholders, shall be entitled to appoint and entrust the Guarantor to collect, 
in the Secured Bondholders’ interest and on their behalf, any amounts deriving 
from the charged claims and rights, and shall be entitled to give instructions, 
jointly with the Guarantor, to the respective debtors of the charged claims to 
make the payments related to such claims to the Transaction Account or to any 
other account opened in the name of the Guarantor and appropriate for such 
purpose; 
35.1.2 The Secured Bondholders irrevocably waive any right they may have in 
relation to any amount deriving from time to time from the charged claims or 
credited to the Transaction Account or to any other account opened in the name 
of the Guarantor and appropriate of such purpose which is not in accordance 
with the provisions of this Article 35. The Representative of the Bondholders 
shall not be entitled to collect, withdraw or apply, or issue instructions for the 
collection, withdrawal or application of, cash deriving from time to time from 
the charged claims under the Deed of Charge except in accordance with the 
provisions of this Article 35 and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE OF AN 
NOTICE 
36. 
POWERS TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE GUARANTOR 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of a Guarantor Default Notice or, prior to 
service of a Guarantor Default Notice, following the failure of the Guarantor to exercise 
any right to which it is entitled, pursuant to the Mandate Agreement the Representative 
of the Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the 
Bondholders, shall be entitled (also in the interests of the Other Guarantor Creditors) 
pursuant to Articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, to exercise certain rights 
in relation to the Cover Pool. Therefore, the Representative of the Bondholders, in its 
capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Bondholders, will be 
authorised, pursuant to the terms of the Mandate Agreement, to exercise, in the name 
and on behalf of the Guarantor and as mandatario in rem propriam of the Guarantor, 
any and all of the Guarantor’s rights under certain Transaction Documents, including 
the right to give directions and instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant 
Transaction Documents.

--- Page 185 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
185 
 
 
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
37. 
GOVERNING LAW 
These Rules and any non-contractual obligations arising out or in connection with them 
are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of 
Italy. 
38. 
JURISDICTION 
The Courts of Milan will have jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or 
proceedings and to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with 
these Rules and any non-contractual obligations arising out or in connection with them.

--- Page 186 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
186 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which, subject to any necessary amendments, will be 
completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Text in this 
section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms but denotes directions for 
completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 187 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
187 
 
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 
2020) (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Covered Bonds] (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [ ] 
BANCO BPM S.P.A. (the Issuer) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 815600E4E6DCD2D25E30 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] Covered Bonds 
due [Maturity] 
Guaranteed by 
BPM Covered Bond 2 S.r.l. (the Guarantor) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 815600682594F6CE0043 
under the €10,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and 
Conditions (the Conditions) set forth in the prospectus dated 8 June 2023 [and the 
supplement[s] to the prospectus dated [ ] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the 
Prospectus) for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended from time to 
time, the Prospectus Regulation). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered 
Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final 
Terms contain the final terms of the Covered Bonds and must be read in conjunction with such 
Prospectus [as so completed]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the 
Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final 
Terms and the Prospectus [as so completed]. The Prospectus is available for viewing [at 
[website]] [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from 
[address]]. [These Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange at https://www.luxse.com]]

--- Page 188 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
188 
 
 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under the 2022 Prospectus. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the Conditions) set forth in the Prospectus dated 9 June 2022 which is incorporated by 
reference in the prospectus dated 8 June 2023 and the supplement to the prospectus dated [ ]] 
which [together] constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described 
herein for the purposes of article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended and superseded 
(the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. The Prospectus is available for 
viewing [at [website]] [and] during normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be 
obtained from [address]]. [These Final Terms will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at https://www.luxse.com]. 
 (Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
(When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
1.  
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, name of 
that Series, including the date on which the 
Covered Bonds become fungible) 
2.  
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
3.  
Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[ ]  
 
(iii) 
Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[ ] 
4.  
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from (insert 
date) (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
5.  
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[ ] [plus integral multiples of [ ] in 
addition to the said sum of [ ]] (Include the 
wording in square brackets where the 
Specified Denomination is €100,000 or 
□

--- Page 189 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
189 
 
 
equivalent plus multiples of a lower 
principal amount.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
 
(iii) 
Rounding 
[The provisions of Condition 18 apply/Not 
Applicable] 
(iv) 
Issue Date 
[ ] 
 
(v) 
Interest Commencement Date 
[[ ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
6.  
Maturity Date: 
[ ] (Insert date or (for Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year) 
7.  
Extended Maturity Date of Guaranteed 
Amounts 
corresponding 
to 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
under 
the 
Guarantee: 
[ ] (Insert date or (for Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year) 
8.  
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate] 
/ 
[[EURIBOR/other] +/– [Margin] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Floating Rate: SONIA Linked Interest] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9.  
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Instalment] 
[Amortising] 
10.  Change of Interest 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
11.  Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
12.  [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered 
Bonds 
[and 
Guarantee] 
[respectively]] obtained: 
[ ] [and [ ], respectively 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Covered Bonds or 
related Guarantee) 
□

--- Page 190 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
190 
 
 
13. 1 Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14.  Fixed Rate Provisions 
[The provisions of Condition 5 apply/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[ ] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] 
in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] in each year [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention and 
any applicable Business Centre(s) for the 
definition of “Business Day”] /not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
15.  Floating Rate Provisions 
[The provisions of Condition 6 apply/Not 
Applicable](If not applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[ ] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment 
Dates are alternatives. A Specified Period, 
rather than Interest Payment Dates, will 
only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention 
is 
the 
FRN 
Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention. 
Otherwise, 
insert 
“Not 
Applicable”) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
(Specified Period and Specified Interest 
Payment Dates are alternatives. If the 
Business Day Convention is the FRN

--- Page 191 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
191 
 
 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar 
Convention, 
insert 
“Not 
Applicable”) 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[ ] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
 
(vi) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/TARGET/London/Luxembourg
/Milan] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[Name] (shall be the Calculation Agent) 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[ ] (For example EURIBOR or SONIA) 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] (For example, [Reuters EURIBOR 01] 
(in the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01, ensure it is a page which 
shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[ ] (For example, 11.00 a.m. Luxembourg 
time/Brussels time) 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[ ] (For example, Luxembourg/Euro-Zone 
(where Euro-Zone means the region 
comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro) 
 
 
Specify Reference Date 
[ ] 
 
 
Specify Screen Page 
[ ] 
 
 
p: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 192 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
192 
 
 
(Only applicable to SONIA 
linked Covered Bonds) 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[ ] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the Interest Period)] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ Actual/360/ 
30/360/ 
30E/360/ 
Eurobond Basis/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16.  Zero Coupon Provisions 
[The provisions of Condition 7 apply/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation/Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[ ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17.  Call Option 
[The provisions of Condition 8(d) apply/Not 
Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ]

--- Page 193 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
193 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of Covered Bonds: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount / not 
applicable] 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount / not 
applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[ ] 
18.  Put Option 
[The provisions of Condition 8 (f) apply/Not 
Applicable](If not applicable, delete the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[ ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Covered 
Bonds and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[ ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[ ] 
19.  Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
of 
Covered Bonds 
[ ] per Calculation Amount (being always 
equal to at least 100 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds) 
20.  Early Redemption Amount 
Early 
redemption 
amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
acceleration following a Guarantor 
Event of Default or other early 
redemption and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in the 
Conditions): 
[ ] / [Not Applicable (If both the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax) and the Early 
Termination Amount are the principal 
amount of the Covered Bonds/insert the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) and/or the 
Early Termination Amount if different from 
the principal amount of the Covered Bonds)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
 
21.  Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable / (give details)] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date 
and place of payment, and not interest 
□
□

--- Page 194 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
194 
 
 
period end dates, to which sub paragraphs 
17(iv) and 19(iii) relate) 
22.  Details relating to Covered Bonds for 
which 
principal 
is 
repayable 
in 
instalments: amount of each instalment, 
date on which each payment is to be 
made: 
[Not Applicable / (give details)] 
23.  Redenomination provisions: 
[Redenomination 
[not] 
applicable 
(If 
Redenomination is applicable, specify the 
terms of the redenomination in an annex to 
the Final Terms)] 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
24.  (i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
business addresses of Managers 
[Not Applicable / (give names and business 
address)] 
25.  (i) 
Name(s) 
and 
business 
addresse(s) 
of 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/ (give names and business 
address)] 
26.  If non-syndicated, name and business 
addresse of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / (give names and business 
address)] 
27.  U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2] ] / 
[TEFRA D] / [TEFRA C] / [TEFRA not 
Applicable] 
28.  Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not 
constitute “packaged” products, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Covered Bonds may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be 
specified) 
29.  Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not 
constitute “packaged” products, or the 
Covered Bonds do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document 
will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Covered Bonds may constitute “packaged” 
products, 
“Applicable” 
should 
be 
specified).

--- Page 195 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
195 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information)] has been extracted from [(specify source)]. The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [(specify source)], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Banco BPM S.p.A. 
By: _________________________________ 
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of BPM Covered Bond 2 S.r.l. 
By: _________________________________ 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 196 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
196 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1.  LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing 
[Official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/([ ]) None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
Application [is expected to be/has been] 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on 
[the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/[ ]] with effect from [ ]. / 
[Not Applicable] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need 
to indicate that original Covered Bonds are 
already admitted to trading.) 
2.  RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been 
rated]/[are expected to be rated]: 
 
 
[Moody’s: [ ]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [ ]] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.)  
(The above disclosure should reflect the 
rating allocated to Covered Bonds of the 
type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
 
[[Moody’s] / [Others] are established in the 
EEA and are registered under Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the EU 
CRA Regulation). [Moody’s] / [Others] 
appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies on the 
ESMA 
website 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation] 
 
[The rating [ ] has given to the Covered 
Bonds is endorsed by [
], which is

--- Page 197 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
197 
 
 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by 
virtue 
of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA 
Regulation).]  
[[ ] has been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).] / [[ ] 
has not been certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation) and the 
rating it has given to the Covered Bonds is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation.] 
[Not applicable (if not rated)] 
3.  INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE 
 
[Not Applicable / (Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting 
ones, that is material to the issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the 
interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement): 
 
“so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has 
an interest material to the issue.”] 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the 
need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4.  USE OF PROCEEDS, NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
 
(i) Use of proceeds: 
[The net proceeds of the sale of the Covered 
Bonds will be used by the Issuer [for general 
funding purposes of the Issuer] / [to finance 
or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible 
Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans, as 
set for the in “Use of Proceeds” in the 
Prospectus and as further specified on the 
Issuer’s website at [ ]] 
 
(ii) Estimated net amount of proceeds 
[ ]

--- Page 198 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
198 
 
 
 
(iii) Estimated expenses in relation to 
the admission to trading 
[ ] 
5.  Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
(Please note that this is applicable in respect 
of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only) 
[Not applicable / [ ]] 
6.  Floating Rate Covered Bonds and SONIA linked Covered Bonds only - 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
[  / Not Applicable] 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] / 
[others] / [Not Applicable]. 
 
[Benchmarks4: 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds 
will be calculated by reference to [ ] which 
is provided by [ ]. As at [ ], [ ] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 
of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
Benchmarks Regulation).  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[ ] does/do 
not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation] / [the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
apply], such that [ ] is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
(Note that the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
applies only in respect of benchmark 
administrators located outside the EU since 
31 December 2021) 
7.  OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[ ] 
 
Common Code: 
[ ] 
                                                   
4 Insert only in case of Covered Bonds which reference to a Benchmark, whose administrator has not been disclosed in this Prospectus.

--- Page 199 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
199 
 
 
 
CFI: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] as published on the 
website of the Association of National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN. 
 
FISN: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] as published on the 
website of the Association of National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN. 
 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/ (give name(s), business 
address and number(s))] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and Specified Offices of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
 
Name of the Calculation Agent 
[ ] 
 
Name of the Representative of the 
Bondholders 
[ ] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes][No][Not Applicable] (Note that the 
designation “yes” simply means that the 
Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Covered Bonds will be recognized as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.) 
 
Intended to be labelled as “European 
Covered Bond (Premium)”:  
 
[Yes] [No]

--- Page 200 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
200 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the sale of the Covered Bonds will be used by the Issuer as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
for general funding purposes of Banco BPM; 
(b) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social 
Loans (as defined below). 
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association 
(ICMA) Green Bond Principles (GBP), only Covered Bonds collateralised by one or more 
Eligible Green Loans (above mentioned at (b)) will be denominated “Green Covered Bonds”.  
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Social Bond Principles (SBP), only 
Covered Bonds collateralised by one or more Eligible Social Loans (above mentioned at (b)) 
will be denominated “Social Covered Bonds”.  
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines, only 
Covered Bonds collateralised by one or more Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans 
(above mentioned at (b)) will be denominated “Sustainability Covered Bonds”. 
In relation to any Eligible Green Loans or Eligible Social Loans the Issuer has made available 
on its website (https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/sostenibilita/green-social-sustainability-bonds-
framework/) (i) a framework agreement (the Framework Agreement), as amended and 
supplement from time to time, which sets out the categories of Eligible Green Loans or Eligible 
Social Loans which have been identified by the Issuer as part of priority activity sectors within 
the context of climate change mitigation, energy savings and GHG emissions reduction and (ii) 
a second party opinion assessing the alignment of the Framework Agreement with the GBP, 
SBP and/or SBG (the Second Party Opinion) (available the following website: 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/Banco-BPM-SPO.pdf). For the avoidance of 
doubt, any such Framework Agreement or Second Party Opinion is not, nor shall be deemed 
to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. 
For the purpose of this section: 
Eligible Green Loans means loans which satisfy the criteria provided for the “Eligible Green 
Loans” in the “Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds Framework”, which is available at 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/Banco-BPM-Green-Social-and-
Sustainability-Bonds-Framework.pdf.  
Eligible Social Loans means loans which satisfy the criteria provided for the “Eligible Social 
Loans” in the “Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds Framework”, which is available at 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/Banco-BPM-Green-Social-and-
Sustainability-Bonds-Framework.pdf.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any of the Issuer’s “Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds 
Framework” does not form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 201 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
201 
 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 
The information set out in this Prospectus in relation to the Group has been derived from, and 
should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by reference to: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco BPM as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 (the 2021 Annual Financial Statements), which were 
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A.; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco BPM as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2022 (the 2022 Annual Financial Statements), which were 
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A.; 
(c) 
the press release issued on 7 February 2023 on the consolidated results of Banco BPM 
as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 (the 7 February 2023 Press Release); 
and 
(d) 
the press release issued on 8 May 2023 on the consolidated results of Banco BPM as at 
and for the three months ended 31 March 2023 (the 8 May 2023 Press Release), 
that are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
So long as any of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, copies of the above-mentioned 
consolidated financial statements and press releases will be made available during normal 
business hours at the office of the Principal Paying Agent and at the registered office of the 
Issuer, in each case free of charge. 
The statistical information presented in the following tables have been extracted from the 
Group report on operations included in the Issuer’s consolidated 2022 annual report. Such 
information has not been audited. 
Group financial highlights 
(in millions of Euro) 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Reclassified income statement figures 
 
 
Financial margin 
2,471.9 
2,273.6 
Net fee and commission income  
1,887.3 
1,911.2 
Operating income  
4,705.5 
4,510.7 
Operating expenses 
(2,539.4) 
(2,515.8) 
Profit (loss) from operations 
2,166.1 
1,995.0 
Profit (loss) before tax from continuing operations 
1,311.5 
921.0 
Parent Company’s net profit (loss) for the year 
702.6 
569.1 
 
(in millions of Euro) 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021  
Balance sheet figures 
 
 
Total assets 
189,685.9 
200,489.2 
Loans to customers (net) 
109,455.0 
109,383.4 
Financial assets and hedging derivatives 
43,093.5 
36,326.4 
Group shareholders’ equity 
12,769.6 
13,095.0 
Customers’ financial assets 
 
 
Direct funding 
120,639.1 
120,213.0 
Indirect funding 
95,029.1 
102,187.9

--- Page 202 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
202 
 
 
(in millions of Euro) 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021  
  - Asset management 
59,408.7 
65,347.9 
       - Mutual funds and SICAVs 
39,916.6 
45,762.8 
       - Securities and fund management 
3,969.4 
4,135.1 
       - Insurance policies 
15,522.7 
15,449.9 
  - Administered assets 
35,620.4 
36,840.1 
  - Administered assets without protected capital certificates 
31,919.1 
33,719.4 
Information on the organisation 
 
 
Average number of employees and other staff (*) 
19,278 
19,949 
Number of bank branches  
1,504 
1,508 
(*) Weighted average of full-time equivalent personnel calculated on a monthly basis. This does not include the Directors and Statutory 
Auditors of Group Companies. 
Financial and economic ratios and other Group figures 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Alternative performance measures 
 
 
Profitability ratios (expressed in percentages) 
 
 
Return on equity (ROE) (*) 
6.58% 
4.98% 
Return on tangible equity (ROTE) (**) 
7.39% 
5.50% 
Return on assets (ROA) (***) 
0.37% 
0.28% 
Financial margin / Operating income 
52.53% 
50.40% 
Net fee and commission income / Operating income 
40.11% 
42.37% 
Operating expenses / Operating income 
53.97% 
55.77% 
Operational productivity figures (expressed in thousands of euro) 
 
 
Loans to customers (net) per employee (****) 
5,677.6 
5,483.1 
Operating income per employee (****) 
244.1 
226.1 
Operating expenses per employee (****) 
131.7 
126.1 
Credit risk ratios (expressed in percentages) 
 
 
Net bad loans/Loans to customers (net) 
0.66% 
0.83% 
Unlikely to pay/Loans to customers (net) 
1.44% 
2.11% 
Net bad loans/Shareholders’ equity 
5.64% 
6.92% 
Texas Ratio (*****) 
20.30% 
27.16% 
Other ratios 
 
 
Financial assets and hedging derivatives / Total assets 
22.72% 
18.12% 
Total derivatives/Total assets 
2.34% 
1.06% 
    - trading derivatives/total assets 
1.44% 
1.00% 
    - hedging derivatives/total assets 
0.91% 
0.06% 
Net trading derivatives (******)/Total assets 
0.03% 
0.02% 
Net loans/Direct funding 
90.73% 
90.99% 
Regulatory capitalisation and liquidity ratios 
 
 
Common equity Tier 1 ratio (CET1 capital ratio) (*******) 
14.32% 
14.68% 
Tier 1 capital ratio (*******) 
16.62% 
16.52% 
Total capital ratio (*******) 
19.58% 
19.59% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
191% 
209% 
Leverage ratio 
5.21% 
5.92% 
Banco BPM stock 
 
 
Number of outstanding shares 
1,515,182,126 
1,515,182,126 
Official closing prices of the stock 
 
 
  - Final 
3.334 
2.640 
  - Maximum 
3.630 
3.040 
  - Minimum 
2.268 
1.781 
  - Average 
2.877 
2.542 
Basic EPS 
0.464 
0.375 
Diluted EPS 
0.464 
0.375 
 (*)            Calculated as the ratio of net profit (loss) for the year to shareholders’ equity excluding the profit (loss) for the year and AT1 
equity instruments. The figure for the previous year has been restated to ensure a like-for-like comparison.

--- Page 203 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
203 
 
 
 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
(**) 
 
Calculated as the ratio of net profit (loss) for the year to shareholders' equity, determined by excluding the profit for the year, 
AT1 equity instruments and intangible assets, net of the related tax effects, from shareholders' equity. 
(***)  
Calculated as the ratio of profit (loss) for the year to total assets. 
(****) 
Arithmetic average calculated on a monthly basis in terms of full-time equivalent resources, as shown in the previous table. Does 
not include the Directors and Statutory Auditors of Group Companies. 
(*****) 
Calculated as the ratio between the net value of non-performing loans and the tangible shareholders’ equity of the Group, 
determined by excluding intangible assets from the book value of shareholders’ equity, net of the related tax effects. 
(******) 
The aggregate of net trading derivatives corresponds to the mismatch, in absolute terms, between the derivatives included under 
the Balance Sheet item 20 a) of assets, “Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss - held for trading”, and item 20 of 
liabilities, “Financial liabilities held for trading”. 
(*******) 
Ratios calculated including the profit (loss) for the year and deducting the amount of the dividend and other allocations.  
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
In order to better evaluate the Issuer’s financial management performance based on the 
consolidated financial statements of Banco BPM for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
2021, the 7 February 2023 Press Release and the 8 May 2023 Press Release the management 
has identified several Alternative Performance Measures (APMs). Management believes that 
these APMs provide useful information for investors as regards the financial position, cash 
flows and financial performance of the Issuer, because they facilitate the identification of 
significant operating trends and financial parameters. This Prospectus contains the following 
alternative performance measures as defined by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) of 5 October 2015 (ESMA/2015/1415), applicable as of 3 July 2016, which are used 
by the management of the Issuer to monitor the Issuer’s financial and operating performance:  
 
“Cost/income ratio” is calculated as the ratio between reclassified operating expenses and 
reclassified operating income; 
 
“Payout ratio” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of the proposed dividends to 
be distributed and the amount of net profit; 
 
“Dividend yield” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of the proposed dividend 
per share and the average price of Banco BPM share; 
 
“Core Total Income” or “Revenues from Core Banking Business” or “Core revenues” 
are calculated as the sum of “net interest income”, “net fees and commissions” 
“income/loss from investments in associates carried at equity” and “income from 
insurance business”5 
 
“Direct funding from customers” includes deposits and current accounts and demand and 
term deposits, bonds issued, certificates of deposit and other securities, loans and other 
debts, and capital-protected certificates. Repurchase agreements are not included; 
 
“Core direct funding” is calculated as the sum of current accounts and deposits; 
                                                   
5 As a result of the line-by-line consolidation of insurance companies, as of 30 September 2022, the aggregate also includes the item Net 
income from insurance business.

--- Page 204 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
204 
 
 
 
“Indirect funding net of protected capital certificates” is calculated as the aggregate of 
indirect funding (managed assets and administered assets) net of deposits underlying 
protected capital certificates; 
 
“Core net performing loans” is calculated as the sum of mortgages, loans, current 
accounts and personal loans; 
 
“Net interest income excluding write-down of interest on a number tax credits” is 
calculated as the difference between net interest income of the period excluding the 
impact of the write-down of interest on some tax credits accounted for in previous years; 
 
“Net financial result excluding the effect of the change in own credit risk” is calculated 
as the difference between net financial result and the impact (positive or negative) of the 
change in own credit risk on the valuation of the certificates issued by the Group; 
 
“Operating expenses excluding insurance company charges and non recurring items” is 
calculated as the difference between the amount of the operating expenses, excluding 
insurance company charges, compared to the previous period (both items net of non 
recurring components); 
 
“Personnel expenses excluding insurance company charges and non recurring items” is 
calculated as the difference between the amount of the personnel expenses, excluding 
insurance company charges, compared to the previous period (both items net of non 
recurring components); 
 
“Change in personnel expenses net of non recurring components” is calculated as the 
difference between the amount of the personnel expenses, excluding non recurring 
components, compared to the previous period; 
 
“Change in personnel expenses excluding insurance company charges net of non 
recurring items” is calculated as the percentage variation of the amount of the personnel 
expenses, excluding insurance company charges, compared to the previous period (both 
items net of non recurring components); 
 
“Change in other administrative expenses excluding insurance company charges” is 
calculated as the percentage variation of the amount of the other administrative expenses, 
excluding insurance company charges, compared to the previous period; 
 
“Net NPE Ratio” is calculated as the ratio between net non-performing exposures and 
total exposures related to the balance sheet items of "Loans to customers" measured at 
amortised cost"; 
 
“Net NPE Ratio (EBA methodology)” is calculated in accordance to the methodology 
used by EBA for the presentation of data in the context of the EU Transparency Exercise; 
 
“Gross NPE Ratio” is calculated as the ratio between gross non-performing exposures 
and total exposures related to the balance sheet items of “Loans to customers” measured 
at amortised cost; 
 
“Gross NPE Ratio Adjusted” is calculated as the ratio between gross non-performing 
exposures and total exposures related to the balance sheet items of Loans to customers

--- Page 205 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
205 
 
 
measured at amortised cost (both excluding the amount relating to disposals of portfolio 
finalised/approved); 
 
“Gross NPE Ratio (EBA methodology)” is calculated in accordance to the methodology 
used by EBA for the presentation of data in the context of the EU Transparency Exercise; 
 
“Cost of risk” or “Cost of credit” is calculated as the ratio between net adjustments on 
loans to customers and net receivables from customers; 
 
“Cost of risk or cost of credit (normalised or adjusted or excluding non-core 
components)” is calculated as the ratio of net adjustments on loans excluding the impact 
resulting from the non-recurring economic components or the estimate of all the 
adjustments to loans not considered structural) to net loans to customers; 
 
“Normalised (or Adjusted) loan loss provisions” is calculated as loan loss provisions net 
of the non-recurring economic components relating to changes in the non-performing 
loan management strategy/sales of portfolios finalised during the year/estimate of all the 
other adjustments not considered structural; 
 
“Coverage of bad loans” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of cumulated net 
adjustments on bad loans and the gross amount of bad loans; 
 
“Coverage of unlikely to pay loans” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of 
cumulated net adjustments on unlikely to pay loans and the gross amount of unlikely to 
pay loans; 
 
“Coverage of past due exposures” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of 
cumulated net adjustments on past due exposures and the gross amount of past due 
exposures; 
 
“Coverage of total non-performing exposures” is calculated as the ratio between the 
amount of cumulated net adjustments on total non-performing exposures and the gross 
amount of total non-performing exposures; 
 
“Coverage of total performing exposures” is calculated as the ratio between the amount 
of cumulated net adjustments on total performing exposures and the gross amount of total 
performing exposures; 
 
“Texas ratio” is calculated as the ratio of the net value of non-performing loans to the 
tangible shareholders’ equity of the Group, determined by excluding intangible assets 
from the book value of shareholders’ equity, net of the related tax effects; 
 
“Adjusted Profit/(loss) before tax from continuing operations” is calculated as income 
(loss) before tax from continuing operations net of the non-recurring economic 
components; 
 
“Normalised (or Adjusted) net income (or profit)” is calculated as net income (or net 
profit) net of the non-recurring economic components;

--- Page 206 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
206 
 
 
 
“ROE (Return on Equity)” is calculated by dividing the amount of the net income for the 
year by Shareholders' equity (excluding the profit (loss) for the year and AT1 equity 
instruments); 
 
“ROA (Return on Assets)” is calculated by dividing the amount of the net income for the 
year excluding total assets; 
 
“ROTE (Return on tangible equity)” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of the 
net profit (loss) for the year to shareholders' equity, determined by excluding the profit 
for the year, AT1 equity instruments and intangible assets, net of the related tax effects, 
from shareholders' equity; 
 
“Financial margin/Operating income” is calculated as the ratio of Financial margin to 
Operating income; 
 
“Net fee and commission income/Operating income” is calculated as the ratio of Net fee 
and commission income to Operating income; 
 
“Loans to customers (net) per employee” is calculated as the ratio between the net amount 
of Loans to customers and the Arithmetic average number of employees and other staff; 
 
“Operating income per employee” is calculated as the ratio between the Operating 
Income and the Arithmetic average number of employees and other staff; 
 
“Operating Expenses per employee” is calculated as the ratio between the Operating 
Expenses and the Arithmetic average number of employees and other staff; 
 
“Net bad loans/Loans to customers (net)” is calculated by dividing the net amount of bad 
loans by the net amount of loans to customers; 
 
“Unlikely to pay/Loans to customers (net)” is calculated by dividing the net amount of 
unlikely to pay by the net amount of loans to customers; 
 
“Net bad loans/Shareholders’ equity” is calculated by dividing the net amount of bad 
loans by the amount of Shareholders’ equity; 
 
“Financial assets and hedging derivatives/Total assets” is calculated by dividing the 
amount of financial assets and hedging derivatives by total assets; 
 
“Total derivatives/Total assets” is calculated as the ratio between Derivative assets (sum 
of hedging and trading derivatives) and total assets; 
 
“Trading derivatives/total assets” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of the 
derivatives included under Balance Sheet item 20 a) of assets, “Financial assets 
designated at fair value through profit and loss - held for trading” by total assets; 
 
“Hedging derivatives/total assets” is calculated as the ratio between the amount of 
Balance Sheet item 2  50. of assets “Hedging derivatives” by total assets; 
 
“Net trading derivatives/Total assets” is calculated as the ratio between Net trading 
derivatives (mismatch, in absolute terms, between the derivatives included under Balance

--- Page 207 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
207 
 
 
Sheet item1 20 a) of assets, “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit and 
loss - held for trading”, and item 20, of liabilities, “Financial liabilities held for trading”) 
and total assets; 
 
“Net loans/Direct funding” is calculated by dividing the amount of net loans to customers 
by direct funding. 
It should be noted that: 
(a) 
the APMs are based exclusively on historical data of the Issuer and are not indicative 
of future performance; 
(b) 
the APMs are not derived from IFRS and, while they are derived from the consolidated 
financial statements of Banco BPM prepared in conformity with these principles, they 
are not subject to audit; 
(c) 
the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as measure of 
performance or liquidity under IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to 
performance measures derived in accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted 
accounting principles; 
(d) 
the above-mentioned APMs are calculated on the basis of the reclassified financial 
statements, unless otherwise specified, and should be read together with the financial 
information of Banco BPM for the periods ended on 31 December 2022, 31 December 
2021 and 31 March 2023 taken from the 2022 Annual Financial Statements, the 2021 
Annual Financial Statements and the results as at 31 March 2023, respectively; 
(e) 
since not all companies calculate APMs in an identical manner, the presentation of 
Banco BPM may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. 
Therefore, undue reliance should not be placed on these data; 
(f) 
the APMs and definitions used herein are consistent and standardised for the period for 
which financial information in this Prospectus is included. 
The economic components of a non-recurring nature are illustrated, in accordance with the 
indications of Consob Communication no. DEM/6064293 of 28 July 2006, in the Group’s 
Report on Operations in the 2022 Annual Financial Statements (pages 45-46), in the Group’s 
Report on Operations in the 2021 Annual Financial Statements (pages 41-43) and in Note no. 
5 “Non-recurring items in the income statement of Gruppo Banco BPM” of the results as at 31 
March 2023, all incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
Credit quality 
(in millions of Euro) (*) 
31 December 2022 
31 December 2021 
Net exposure 
% impact 
Net exposure 
% impact 
Bad loans 
720.6 
0.7% 
906.5 
0.8% 
Unlikely to pay 
1,574.8 
1.4% 
2,309.4 
2.1% 
Non-performing past-due exposures 
60.1 
0.1% 
44.6 
0.0% 
Non-performing loans 
2,355.5 
2.2% 
3,260.5 
3.0% 
Performing exposures 
107,099.5 
97.8% 
106,122.9 
97.0% 
Total loans to customers 
109,455.0 
100.0% 
109,383.4 
100% 
(*) The chart sets forth credit quality information in respect of the assets of the Group accounted at amortised cost only.

--- Page 208 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
208 
 
 
In December 2022, the Issuer completed a significant and complex restructuring transaction 
of impaired credit exposures attributable to a leading real estate group, with the aim of 
pursuing an active management of the properties underlying the aforementioned exposures 
through the support of a specialised partner and the provision of new financing aimed at the 
development of the properties by third parties. The transaction, known as the “Project Wolf”, 
is described in the notes to the 2022 Annual Financial Statements on pages 203-204, which 
is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. As a result of the transaction, at 31 
December 2022 the new restructured loans were classified in the accounting portfolio 
“Financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value” and recognised in the balance sheet 
with a total value of Euro 219 million. The aforementioned loans were classified for 
prudential purposes as “non-impaired exposures” as it was considered that the restructuring 
operation did not represent an ordinary lending operation given the exceptional nature of the 
transaction, which resulted in a change in the ownership and control structure of the initiative 
and a significant improvement in the overall situation of the client. On page 373 of the 2022 
Annual Financial Statements, it was also noted that, at the time of preparation of the 2022 
Annual Financial Statements, the interpretation underlying the classification as “non-
impaired exposures” was subject to ongoing discussions with the ECB. The subject of the 
ECB's review was exclusively the classification of the exposures for regulatory purposes, 
without prejudice to the classification for accounting purposes and measurement of the 
exposures in the 2022 Annual Financial Statements, as the different regulatory classification 
has no impact on the determination of their fair value.  
Following the publication of the 2022 Annual Financial Statements, the ECB completed its 
assessment and notified the Issuer that, from a prudential point of view, the completed 
restructuring transaction constitutes a forbearance measure against. Therefore, the Issuer 
could not change the classification of the exposure, which should remain as a “non-
performing loan”. In line with such assessment, the Bank has reinstated the prudential 
classification of the loans concerned as “non-performing loans” with effect from 31 March 
2023. 
Capital Requirements for the Group 
On 14 December 2022, the European Central Bank (ECB) notified Banco BPM of its final 
decision on the minimum capital ratios to be complied with by Banco BPM on an ongoing 
basis for 2023. The decision is based on the supervisory review and evaluation process (SREP) 
conducted in compliance with Article 4(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013. 
Therefore, in compliance with Article 16(2)(a) of the same Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013, 
which confers on the ECB the power to require supervised banks to hold own funds in excess 
of the minimum capital requirements laid down by current regulations, a requirement of 2.57% 
was added to the minimum capital requirements. Such SREP requirement must be maintained 
by Banco BPM with 56.25% as Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) and 75% as Tier 1 Capital (Tier 
1). 
Taking the above into account, the requirements set out for other systemically important 
institutions (equal to 0.25% for 2023), the capital conservation buffer (equal to 2.50%) and the 
countercyclical capital buffer established by the competent national authorities for exposures 
to countries in which the Group operates (equal to 0.011%), the Banco BPM Group was 
required to comply with the following capital ratios at consolidated level for 2023, in 
accordance with the transitional criteria in force: 
 
CET1 ratio: 8.71%;

--- Page 209 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
209 
 
 
 
Tier 1 ratio: 10.69%; 
 
Total Capital ratio: 13.33%. 
The Banco BPM Group satisfied these prudential requirements, with a CET1 ratio as at 31 
December 2022 of 14.3% at phase-in level, a Tier 1 ratio of 16.6% at phase-in level and a Total 
Capital ratio equal to 19.6% at phase-in level6.” 
Rating 
The international agencies Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s) through Moody’s France 
SAS, Fitch Ratings (Fitch) through Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, and DBRS Morningstar 
(DBRS) through DBRS Ratings GmbH have assigned ratings to the Issuer. Moody’s, Fitch 
and DBRS are regulated under the Regulation No. 1060/2009/EC of the European Parliament 
and the Council dated 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the following ratings have been assigned by Moody’s to the 
Issuer: (i) Long and Short Term Deposit Ratings of Baa2/P-2, where the Long Term Deposit 
Ratings has a Stable Outlook; (ii) Long-Term Issuer Rating and Long-Term Senior 
Unsecured Debt Rating of Ba1, with Stable Outlook; (iii) Baseline Credit Assessment (BCA) 
and adjusted BCA of ba2; and (iv) Long and Short Term Counterparty Risk Assessments (CR 
Assessment) of Baa2 (cr) / P-2 (cr). 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the following ratings have been assigned by Fitch to the 
Issuer: (i) Long and Short Term Issuer Default Rating of BBB-/F3; and (ii) Viability Rating 
of bbb-. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the following ratings were assigned to the Issuer by DBRS 
Morningstar: (i) Long-Term Deposit Rating of BBB (high); (ii) Short-Term Deposit Rating 
of R-1 (low); (iii) Long-Term Issuer Rating and Long-Term Senior Debt Rating of BBB; (iv) 
Short-Term Issuer Rating and Short-Term Debt Rating of R-2 (high); and (v) Long and Short-
Term Critical Obligations Ratings of A (low) / R-1 (low). All ratings have a Stable Trend. 
The Intrinsic Assessment of the Group is BBB. 
 
 
 
                                                   
6 Ratios calculated by including the net results for the year ended 31 December 2022 and deducting the total proposed dividends based on the 
applicable regulations. The transitional provisions provided for in Articles 473(a) and 468 of the CRR have been applied.

--- Page 210 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
210 
 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
Introduction 
Banco BPM S.p.A. (the Issuer or the Bank and together with its subsidiaries, the Group or 
the Banco BPM Group) was incorporated on 13 December 2016 and is one of the largest 
banking groups in Italy as at 31 December 2022, based on revenues, assets and net income, 
with 20,157 employees, 1,504 branches and approximately 4 million customers concentrated 
in the Lombardy, Veneto and Piedmont regions. Banco BPM’s duration has been set to 23 
December 2114, however it may be extended. 
The Group is the product of the combination between Banco Popolare Società Cooperativa 
(Banco Popolare) and Banca Popolare di Milano S.c.a.r.l. (BPM). 
The Group’s core activities are divided into the following business segments: (i) Retail, (ii) 
Corporate, (iii) Institutional, (iv) Private, (v) Investment Banking, (vi) Insurance, (vii) Strategic 
Partnerships and (viii) the Corporate Centre. 
The majority of the Group’s activities are based in Italy. Outside of Italy, the Group has foreign 
operations in Switzerland, China and India. 
History of the Group 
BPM 
BPM was incorporated as a limited liability co-operative company in 1865 to facilitate access 
to credit for merchants, small businessmen and industrialists. In 1876, BPM became part of the 
“Associazione nazionale delle Banche Popolari” and in the early 1900s it increased its business 
through the establishment of new branches in northern Italy. From the 1950s onwards, BPM 
grew considerably through the acquisition of interests in other lending institutions and the 
incorporation of several banks such as Banca Popolare di Roma, Banca Briantea, Banca 
Agricola Milanese, Banca Popolare Cooperativa Vogherese, Banca Popolare di Bologna e 
Ferrara, Banca Popolare di Apricena, INA Banca, Cassa di Risparmio di Alessandria, Banca di 
Legnano and Banca Popolare di Mantova. The late 1980s saw the establishment of the 
Bipiemme – Banca Popolare di Milano group (the BPM Group), of which BPM was the parent 
company, performing, in addition to banking activities, strategic guidance, governance and 
supervision of its financial and instrumental subsidiaries. The BPM Group operated mainly in 
Lombardy (where 63% of its branches were situated), but also in Piedmont, Lazio, Puglia and 
Emilia Romagna, predominantly providing commercial banking services to retail and 
small-medium sized enterprises (SMEs) as well as to corporates, through a dedicated internal 
structure. In addition, BPM offered its customers capital market services, brokerage services, 
debt and equity underwriting, asset management, insurance underwriting and sales, factoring 
services and consumer credit. From 1999 onwards, BPM operated an online banking service 
called WeBank. 
Banco Popolare 
Banco Popolare was incorporated on 1 July 2007 following the merger between Banco 
Popolare di Verona e Novara Società Cooperativa a Responsabilità Limitata (BPVN) and 
Banca Popolare Italiana – Banca Popolare di Lodi Società Cooperativa (BPI). Banco Popolare, 
together with its subsidiaries, formed the Banco Popolare group (the Banco Popolare Group).

--- Page 211 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
211 
 
 
In turn, BPVN was incorporated in 2002 as a result of the merger between Banca Popolare di 
Verona – Banco S. Geminiano and S. Prospero Società cooperativa di credito a responsabilità 
limitata. 
BPI was incorporated in 1864 and was the first cooperative bank established in Italy. It was 
formed to promote savings by local customers and to provide banking services to support their 
business activities. BPI was listed on the Mercato Ristretto of the Italian Stock Exchange in 
1981 and was listed on the MTA from 1998 onwards. In June 2005, BPI changed its name from 
Banca Popolare di Lodi S.c. a r.l. to Banca Popolare Italiana – Banca Popolare di Lodi Società 
Cooperativa. 
Banco Popolare operated abroad through an international network made up of banks, 
representative offices and international desks. It also had relationships with around 3,000 
correspondent banks. The Group’s foreign operations included a subsidiary company, Banca 
Aletti Suisse, and representative offices in China (Hong Kong and Shanghai), India (Mumbai) 
and Russia (Moscow). In 2014, following a merger by incorporation of Credito Bergamasco, 
Banco Popolare further simplified its organisational model by rationalising Credito 
Bergamasco’s local management. On 16 March 2015, Banca Italease S.p.A. was merged into 
Banco Popolare with effect for accounting and tax purposes as of 1 January 2015. 
Banco BPM 
Banco BPM carries out the functions of a bank and holding company, which involve operating 
functions as well as coordination and unified management functions in respect of all the 
companies included within the Banco BPM Group.

--- Page 212 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
212 
 
 
Structure of the Group 
During 2022, the Group completed the below detailed initiatives with the aim of streamlining 
its corporate and organisational structure, simplifying its structure, optimizing and enhancing 
resources and reducing costs. 
Equity interest management transactions 
The process of rationalising the portfolio of interests in associates and joint ventures undertaken 
by the Group in recent years includes the sale to Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A., on 15 
March 2022, of the interest held in Factorit S.p.A., previously measured with the equity 
method, corresponding to 39.5% of share capital. The transaction, completed for a 
consideration of Euro 75 million, an amount corresponding to the book value of the equity 
interest in the financial statements as at 31 December 2021, did not entail the recognition of 
any impact on the income statement for 2022.  
Moreover, during 2022 the mergers by incorporation into Banco BPM of Bipielle Real Estate 
S.p.A. and Release S.p.A. (already wholly owned by Banco BPM) were finalised. In particular, 
from 1 January 2022, the incorporation of Bipielle Real Estate into the Parent Company took 
effect, while the merger by incorporation of Release into Banco BPM S.p.A. became effective 
from 21 February 2022. Both transactions took effect for accounting and tax purposes on 1 
January 2022. These transactions, which were carried out according to the simplified forms 
established for wholly-owned companies, pursued the objective of concentrating the 
management of leasing activity as well as real estate assets directly in the Parent Company, 
which also includes the complex of organisational units responsible for asset management.  
It should also be noted that, in February 2022, the liquidation procedure of the subsidiary BP 
Trading Immobiliare S.r.l. was completed after it was struck off the competent Companies’ 
Register.  
In addition, on 18 May 2022, the shareholders’ meeting of Consorzio AT01 (95% interest held 
by Banco BPM) resolved the early dissolution and the launch of voluntary liquidation with 
legal effect from 1 June 2022. On 19 October 2022, the shareholders’ meeting of the 
consortium members approved the final liquidation financial statements as at 30 September 
2022; prior to that, in July 2022, the associated company Bussentina S.c.r.l. also approved the 
final liquidation financial statements as at 30 June 2022. As highlighted in Section 4 of the 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements (which is dedicated to the events after the 
reporting date), in January 2023 both companies were struck off the competent Companies’ 
Registers.  
Lastly, on 16 December 2022, the deed of partial demerger of Tecmarket Sevizi to Banco BPM 
was signed regarding the assignment of a business unit relating to the activities carried out by 
the subsidiary on the technology platform for the You Business Web service, intended for 
entities and companies that are customers of Banco BPM, as well as technological services, 
functional to specific businesses of Banco BPM for its customers, with the exclusion of 
activities related to the management of terminals and technical assistance to customers for POS 
and Mobile POS services, which will be the focus of Tecmarket's future operations. The partial 
demerger, carried out with a simplified procedure pursuant to Articles 2505 and 2506-ter of 
the Italian Civil Code, is effective, also for accounting and tax purposes, from 1 January 2023.

--- Page 213 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
213 
 
 
The transactions described above, which pursue the objective of simplifying and rationalising 
the corporate and operating structure of the Group, did not have any impact on the consolidated 
financial statements or on the capital ratios. 
Integration of the insurance business 
In April 2022, the Board of Directors of Banco BPM resolved to exercise the option for the 
purchase from the partner Covéa Coopération SA of 81% of the share capital of Bipiemme Vita 
S.p.A., an insurance company operating in the life sector, in which Banco BPM already held a 
19% interest. On 22 July 2022, after obtaining the legal authorisations from the competent 
authorities, the Group fnalised the acquisition of 81% of Bipiemme Vita S.p.A.'s share capital, 
for a sum of Euro 309.4 million. In turn, Bipiemme Vita holds the entire share capital of 
Bipiemme Assicurazioni S.p.A., operating in the non-life sector. The two insurance companies, 
which concurrently changed their company names to Banco BPM Vita S.p.A. and Banco BPM 
Assicurazioni S.p.A., were consolidated on a line-by-line basis from 1 July 2022. 
As a result of the above initiatives, the structure of the BPM banking group, as at the date of 
this Prospectus, is as follows:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BANCO BPM  
Società per Azioni 
Aletti Fiduciaria S.p.A. 
Banca Aletti & C. 
(Suisse) SA
Oaklins Italy S.r.l. 
BPM Covered Bond 
S.r.l. 
BPM Covered Bond 2 
S.r.l.
BP Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Bipielle Bank (Suisse) 
SA in liquidazione  
Ge.Se.So. S.r.l. 
100%
100% 
100% 
Banca Aletti S.p.A. 
80% 
80% 
60% 
100%
100% 
100% 
Banca Akros S.p.A. 
100%

--- Page 214 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
214 
 
 
Strategy 
On 4 November 2021 the Board of Directors of Banco BPM approved the 2021-2024 Strategic 
Plan setting out updated targets for the Group through 2024. 
As detailed below, the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan rests on three main pillars and envisages three 
enabling factors which will allow the Group to achieve its targets. 
Pillar 1 – New digital-driven service model 
The efforts and investments made since the incorporation of Banco BPM, aimed at pursuing 
its digital transformation, have laid solid foundations for further evolution of the service model 
from a digitalisation and omni-channel perspective, over the timeframe of the 2021-2024 
Strategic Plan. 
In order to seize the main commercial growth opportunities and further optimise operations, a 
new digital service model will be rolled out within the timeline of the 2021-2024 Strategic 
Plan. Such digital service model will leverage on: 
1. 
the continuous evolution towards a daily use of mobile devices in connection with 
banking services. This will enable an increase in the number of customers “enrolled” in 
digital services, an improvement in customer experience and the adoption of a digital 
identity, switching to a paperless operating environment 
2. 
a deeper focus and specialisation of the distribution network on the commercial offering 
through: 
- 
the reduction of cash terminals; and 
- 
the evolution of the customer centre into a “digital branch”, aimed at the remote 
sale of products and services; 
3. 
the development of the significant potential of the omni-channel approach by increasing 
the use of advanced analytics with the goal of innovating the sales approach by 
developing new customer journeys that guarantee a more extensive and personalised 
response to the needs of retail customers; and the offering a diversified and “remote-
enabled” range of retail products and services, with a view to enabling purchases without 
assistance. 
Pillar 2 – The new digital-driven service model enables sustainable growth in the core 
business 
Family Banking 
The objective is to seize the real growth opportunities in mortgages for families and young 
people, plus constant growth in the consumer credit sector and strengthening of activities in 
the non-life bancassurance sector. 
The consolidation of the Group’s strategies in the non-life bancassurance segments and of the 
strategic partnership in consumer credit, together with the innovation of the commercial 
offering based on analytics and digitalisation, will enable the Bank to achieve ambitious goals 
through the development of an omni-channel approach and enhancement of marketing 
automation, the contribution of the “digital branch”, both for direct sales and as support for 
omni-channel sales in branch and the widening of specific customer segments with a refocusing 
of the Webank offering on the millennials target. 
Wealth Management

--- Page 215 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
215 
 
 
The 2021-2024 Strategic Plan aims to achieve continuous growth in the wealth management 
segment, focusing on management of customer investments, turning new direct funding 
acquired in the last few years into asset management, and leveraging both the Bank’s omni-
channel strategy and the implementation of asset management and life bancassurance solutions. 
In support of these objectives, wealth management operations will be able to benefit, over the 
timeline of the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan, from:  
 
increasingly more advanced “remote advisory” solutions, based on web cooperation and 
digital signature;  
 
further improvement to the customer journey and analytical models; and 
 
a development of both bancassurance and asset management offerings, with a special 
focus on ESG matters. 
Within the wealth management segment, Banca Aletti, specialised in private banking, will play 
an increasingly important role, continuing on its growth path with a strategy based on a new 
service model specialised by customer type and the expansion of the range of products and 
services geared towards ESG, insurance solutions consistent with the financial and tax context, 
digital financial advisory services, investments linked to the real economy and family office 
services;  
In addition, the Bank aims to achieve an organic and sustainable growth through an 
improvement in the “share of wallet” due to enhancement of the customer relationship 
management and the adoption of actions coordinated with the Group and dedicated to 
developing synergies with business, corporate and institutional customers. 
SME Segment 
The small and medium-sized enterprises (SME) segment, also thanks to the growth achieved 
over the last year, plays an important strategic role for the Group. 
Specialisation of the service model and adoption of new distribution formats are the main 
drivers of Banco BPM’s strategic ambitions; the growth targets will be pursued through an 
improvement in cross-selling in commercial and investment banking, with particular focus on 
the territorial areas in which the presence is lower and where the market share is below the 
national average.  
The strategic initiatives targeted at SME customers will focus on two areas: (i) evolution of the 
commercial offering, also based on an omni-channel approach, and (ii) adoption of a new 
service model for businesses.  
The new service model will involve differentiation depending on the size and needs of the SME 
customer, with “transactional” activities included in the omni-channel offering, while financing 
and advisory activities will be covered by a team of specialists.  
Further, a greater and stronger focus on the synergies with Banca Akros structures and Banca 
Aletti’s private bankers is also planned.  
A strengthening and growth is envisaged in some specific sectors, such as agrifood, through 
dedicated specialists and relationship managers, a qualified credit chain and a well-defined 
product catalogue.  
In addition, various forms of credit, which allow the use of incentives provided by the Italian 
Government and by supranational organisations, will be made available to SME customers; the 
Group will also place significant attention also to funding, fiscal bonuses and services related 
to the National Recovery and Resilience Plan (NRRP).

--- Page 216 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
216 
 
 
Corporate/Institutional Segments and Investment Banking Activities 
The Group’s ambition is to further develop support for corporate customers. This commitment 
will be accompanied by a further increase in customer loans and a significant rise in core 
revenues. These objectives will be achieved by focusing on the specific strategic areas 
summarised below. 
First and foremost, growth will be pursued in high value-added business areas by further 
bolstering the Bank’s leading position in structured finance and its solid expertise in support 
of foreign customer activities, aided by the renewed commitment to Trade & Structured Export 
Financing. 
The second key element will be represented by the ability to take advantage of the opportunities 
stemming from implementation of the NRRP, by operating in support of the liquidity of the 
system (Supply Chain Finance & Tax Credits), financing customer projects and further 
improving the specialist coverage of the most involved economic sectors synergising with the 
various private, institutional and public administration stakeholders, and will be coordinated 
by a specific steering committee at Group level.  
An additional segment of development is the already active presence in the “ecobonus and 
superbonus” business.  
Full development of the Group’s synergies will represent an additional area of strategic action, 
aimed at achieving an integrated approach, tailor-made to customers’ needs with specific 
regard to the management of company liquidity and Private Banking services (i.e., Banca 
Aletti) and to investment banking activities (i.e., Banca Akros). 
In light of the important role that Banca Akros plays in the Group’s growth, its “core” revenues 
are expected to grow throughout the period of the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan. Banca Akros’ 
development focuses in particular on:  
 
promoting customer access to the financial markets, with special attention to SMEs; 
 
enhancing leadership in brokerage, placement and equity research activities; 
 
promoting the innovation of products and services with particular attention to 
digitalisation and ESG issues; and 
 
strengthening trading/financial engineering activities and market making on financial 
cash/derivative markets, equities/fixed income securities and hedging of interest rates, 
currencies and selected commodities, thanks also to the recognized and consolidated 
brand in favour of the Group's customers (corporate and SME) and institutional 
counterparties. 
Pillar 3 – Sustainable growth of the core business by leveraging the potential of bank product 
providers 
Banco BPM redefined the bancassurance partnership agreements with Cattolica Assicurazioni 
and Covéa, respectively, through which the Group secured a purchase option on the shares in 
companies held by the respective partners, which will enable it to reach a stake of 100% of 
their share capital. More specifically, on 29 May 2023 Banco BPM announced the exercise of 
the call option on 65% of the capital of Vera Vita and Vera Assicurazioni. In addition, Banco 
BPM has the right to excercise an unconditional call option on 81% of the share capital of 
Bipiemme Vita, which in turn holds 100% of Bipiemme Assicurazioni, which can be exercised 
from 8 September 2021 to 31 December 2023.

--- Page 217 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
217 
 
 
Therefore Banco BPM secured the strategic option, entirely at its discretion, to fully insource 
the bancassurance business or, alternatively, to enter into new partnerships that guarantee its 
stakeholders with the same creation of value. 
Enabling Factors 
Confirmation of a strong “risk control culture” applied to the management of loans, funding 
and the securities portfolio 
After an impressive track record in de-risking actions in the last few years, characterised by an 
excellent performance in both assignments of non-performing loans and recovery activities, 
the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan makes provision for further improvement in asset quality. 
Adequate levels of coverage of nonperforming loans will be maintained over the 2021-2024 
Strategic Plan timeline and the cost of risk is expected to fall. 
The improvement in asset quality in the 2021-2024 period, which will occur also by taking 
advantage of the geographic positioning of the portfolio, 94% of which is concentrated on the 
regions in Central and Northern Italy (more than 75% in Northern Italy), will be supported by 
a set of 4 organic initiatives, which will also enable the bank to reduce the default rate, increase 
the NPE recovery rate and reduce the stock of NPEs, more than offsetting the forecast impacts 
linked to the COVID-19 pandemic: 
 
advanced credit risk data warehouse: 
- 
creation of a unique credit risk data warehouse. 
 
reinforcing of credit policies, also from an ESG perspective: 
- 
greater sector-based specialisation and developments dedicated to financial 
sustainability; 
- 
full inclusion of ESG prospects and business projections in light of the “transition” 
processes (focus on climate risk and energy efficiency initiatives); and 
- 
closer interaction between the alignment with policies, budget and management by 
objectives (MBO). 
 
evolution of Monitoring & Early Warning Systems: 
- 
new early warning developments, exploiting innovative “machine learning” 
techniques on current account transactions; 
- 
improvement in the risk control capacity by using strategies based on analytical 
“workflows”; and 
- 
prevention of “performance driven” default risk, supported by increasingly more 
extensive monitoring key performance indicators (KPIs). 
 
new approach to managing NPEs: 
- 
full development of the JV with Gardant S.p.A. to enhance the workout of bad 
loans; 
- 
introduction of a standardised management approach for UTPs that will leverage 
quicker and more effective workout strategies; and 
- 
dynamic activation of large-scale transfers supported by accelerated workout based 
on single-name transfers and full and final settlements.

--- Page 218 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
218 
 
 
Development of the talent and diversity of human and digital resources, organizational and 
process transformation, confirming the close control of costs 
Human Resources 
The 2021-2024 Strategic Plan will be focused on a people-oriented approach and aimed at 
attracting and nurturing talented people, among others, through a people strategy aimed at 
promoting an attractive value proposition, the inclusion and a special focus on the individual, 
the empowerment of talented women and awareness-raising actions and education and training 
programmes on ESG matters. 
IT investments and initiatives 
Technological evolution will be one of the main enabling factors of the 2021-2024 Strategic 
Plan. Banco BPM Group has already allocated a total of Euro 650m for investments over the 
2021-2024 Strategic Plan horizon, with the goal of promoting the digital transformation, 
through the implementation of “data & analytics tools”, the promotion of innovative 
technologies and partnerships with fintech and innovative companies. 
Strengthening of IT security 
 
A key aspect of the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan is IT security designed to counteract any 
unexpected cybersecurity threats. To this end, the Bank has allocated more than Euro 45 
million to investments over the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan horizon. 
Full integration of the ESG strategy in Banco BPM Group’s business model 
The Banco BPM Group plans to further boost its strategic ambition in all areas of Sustainability 
through growing integration and dissemination of ESG elements in its governance and business 
models. The activities which will be developed over the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan horizon are 
based on already established and consolidated foundations: first and foremost, at governance 
level, thanks to the creation of controls at board level, with the direct responsibility of the Board 
of Directors and the central role of the “Control, Risk and Sustainability Committee”, which 
can rely on a reference advisor for ESG issues; at managerial level with the “ESG Operational 
Committee” chaired by the CEO and the “Sustainability Structure”. The integration of ESG 
requests in the business model is achieved, in particular, by the activities arranged into 7 project 
areas: “Governance”, “People”, “Risk & Credit”, “Customers-Business”, “Customers-Wealth 
Management”, “Environment” and “Stakeholder engagement & measurement”. In these areas, 
a total of 32 projects have been defined which are in the process of being implemented, 
involving 15 units. In addition, specific targets are defined in the long-term and short-term 
incentive plans, for the CEO and senior managers. For further information see “Environmental, 
Social and Governance Matters” 
These targets constitute the foundations of the five ESG macro-objectives of the 2021-2024 
Strategic Plan, which are broken down into the following areas: 
Business 
The objectives set in this macro-area will be achieved through the proposal of solutions, 
products and advisory services that support customers in the transition towards a sustainable 
economy. 
Risk & Credit

--- Page 219 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
219 
 
 
ESG requests will be integrated in the risk, credit and investment policies and processes in 
three areas: (i) the application of credit exclusion criteria to sectors bearing a very high risk 
from an environmental impact perspective and simultaneous run-off of currently existing 
exposures; (ii) selective approach to the granting of credit aimed at transition projects in sectors 
exposed to high environmental risk, such as the fossil fuels sector; (iii) active initiatives to 
promote change programmes and projects for customers exposed to climate risk.  
In March 2023, the Bank signed up to the Net Zero Banking Alliance, the initiative promoted 
by the United Nations with the aim of accelerating the sustainable transition of the international 
banking sector, during the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan horizon.  
Lastly, the Risk Management operating framework has been fully integrated with ESG factors. 
People Strategy 
This macro-objective will be pursued through further integration of the ESG risks and 
objectives in the management incentive policies, identification and training of ESG 
ambassadors as reference points on sustainability issues within all company departments, 
development of greater awareness of ESG matters and constant training, promotion of a 
business culture based on diversity and inclusion and individual well-being, the latter pursued 
through work-life balance policies. 
Environment 
A key element in achieving this macro-objective will involve developing actions to counteract 
climate change by reducing the direct impacts, thanks to constant use of electricity generated 
entirely from renewable sources and reduction of consumption and carbon dioxide emissions, 
with the goal of achieving carbon neutrality18 during the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan timeline. 
Community 
The signing of important international partnerships/initiatives will fall into this area, such as 
the United Nations Global Compact. Continuous support for the social fabric in the local area 
will continue: with support to the Third Sector, with the economic support of social and 
environmental projects intended in particular for schools, universities and the volunteering 
sector. Lastly, there will be continued support for scientific research in the oncological field 
(AIRC) to finance the activities of more than 5,000 researchers and the implementation of 660 
research projects.

--- Page 220 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
220 
 
 
 
Activities of the Group 
With a view to improving how the Group’s profitability is represented, the Segment Reporting 
structure was revised, effective from 31 December 2022, to emphasise the process of 
internalising the bancassurance business, undertaken by the Group during the current year. In 
addition, the “Leases” segment, now a residual activity in terms of the Group’s operations, was 
transferred to the Corporate Centre. 
Therefore, the Group’s core activities can be divided into the following business segments: (i) 
Retail; (ii) Corporate; (iii) Institutional; (iv) Private; (v) Investment Banking; (vi) Insurance; 
(vii) Strategic Partnerships; and (viii) Corporate Centre. 
The table below sets forth the main financial results for each business lines for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021. 
A description of the individual business segments is given below, providing a more detailed 
analysis of the main activities conducted, both commercial and otherwise, divided in a manner 
that is in line with the internal organisation of the business segment in question. 
Retail 
The “Retail” segment includes the management and marketing of banking and financial 
products/services and loan brokering, which are mainly aimed at private customers and small 
businesses.  
These activities are mainly carried out by the commercial network of the Banco BPM Group 
(the Commercial Network). 
Commercial Network 
The Commercial Network represents the cornerstone of the development of the Group’s 
commercial activities throughout Italy and is the backbone of its organisational structure. It is 
centred on the network division, which ensures a balanced coverage at a national level and is 
instrumental to the development of a product and service offering in line with customers’ needs 
in the different markets where the banks of the Group operate.  
 
 
Group 
Retail 
Corporate 
Institutional 
Private 
 
Investment 
Banking 
Insurance 
Strategic 
Partnerships 
Corporate 
Centre 
 
 
 
Operating Income 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ............................................ 
4,705,517 
2,624,438 
734,571 
147,674 
100,844 
120,986 
38,297 
148,260 
790,447 
2021 (*) ...................................... 
4,510,746 
2,519,920 
739,875 
96,810 
98,047 
111,794 
17,969 
207,101 
719,230 
Operating expenses 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ............................................ 
(2,539,369) 
(1,872,511) 
(215,750) 
(45,604) 
(75,919) 
(90,438) 
(15,559) 
(2,400) 
(221,188) 
2021 (*) ...................................... 
(2,515,775) 
(1,901,966) 
(199,363) 
(41,907) 
(75,285) 
(91,922) 
(212) 
(2,434) 
(202,686) 
Profit (loss) from operations 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ............................................ 
2,166,148 
751,927 
518,821 
102,070 
24,925 
30,548 
22,738 
145,860 
569,259 
2021 (*) ...................................... 
1,994,971 
617,954 
540,512 
54,903 
22,762 
19,872 
17,757 
204,667 
516,544 
Profit (loss) for the year 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ............................................ 
702,589 
65,789 
195,347 
53,127 
10,108 
18,725 
16,835 
147,289 
195,369 
2021 (*) ...................................... 
569,068 
12,876 
87,212 
21,982 
11,595 
10,654 
18,273 
187,839 
218,637 
Net loans (including senior 
securities from sales of non-
performing loans) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ............................................ 
109,454,960 
63,164,637 
31,092,530 
6,704,832 
542,448 
1,773,022 
- 
- 
6,177,491 
2021 (*) ...................................... 
109,383,382 
61,518,164 
30,040,220 
6,364,241 
428,992 
1,963,699 
- 
- 
9,068,066 
Direct funding (without 
repurchase agreements with 
certificates) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 ............................................ 
123,449,508 
86,389,032 
7,516,615 
11,047,043 
2,871,378 
2,858,602 
- 
- 
12,766,837 
2021 (*) ...................................... 
123,168,045 
84,262,888 
10,223,578 
10,966,219 
2,948,662 
2,663,969 
- 
- 
12,102,729 
(*) Keeping the total of the item unchanged, the figures relating to the previous year were restated to guarantee a like-for-like comparison with the segmentation criteria used for 2022.

--- Page 221 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
221 
 
 
 
The commercial network model is inspired by the principles of: 
 
customer centrality and high levels of service, through a specialized offering and a greater 
focus on commercial structures; 
 
territorial proximity, through the configuration of territorial departments dedicated to 
specific reference territories, to which several areas report, which in turn guarantee 
support and coordination in favour of the branches (divided into Hubs, Coordinated 
Independent, Spoke and Independent); 
 
quick decision-making processes and proactively meeting customer needs. 
Distribution Network 
As of 31 December 2022, the Banco BPM Group had 1,504 branches. The Group’s network is 
distributed throughout Italy, with a leading position in the northern part of the country, where 
the majority of the distribution network is concentrated. The branches are mainly located in the 
following regions: Lombardy, Veneto, Liguria, Piedmont and Emilia-Romagna. 
Branches 
Branches 
Actual 
2022 
Banco BPM ................................................................................................................... 
1,451 
Banca Aletti ................................................................................................................... 
52 
Banca Akros .................................................................................................................. 
1 
Total .............................................................................................................................. 
1,504 
The distribution network of the Group is expected to evolve in line with the following three 
key principles: (i) rationalisation of the branch network; (ii) specialisation of the “value 
proposition” and increased penetration of digital distribution channels; and (iii) development 
of new “physical” service models that are more flexible and more appropriate to meet client 
needs. 
The branch network underwent a significant rationalisation programme in line with the revised 
customer acquisition strategies of the Banco BPM Group. In fact, in 2021 the reorganisation 
and streamlining plan on the commercial network was completed, with the closure of around 
300 small branches. In addition, following the uptrend in the use of digital channels by 
customers, in line with the forecasts of the Business Plan, the closure of 75 branches of the 
commercial network, with a proportionally larger transactional component, was approved, and 
will take place within the first half of 2023, with a view to strengthening the more structured 
branches to offer advisory services, and with a full range of products. The organisational model 
of the network is expected to remain the same in terms of format (traditional, hub and spoke) 
but the average size of branches will increase in order to achieve greater efficiency, resource 
specialisation and the availability of professionals covering different areas. 
The evolution of the Banco BPM Group’s distribution model is being supported by investment 
in digital distribution channels, in line with a customer’s features, needs and propensity and 
also through the positioning of the Webank brand, continuing the migration of cash transactions 
to electronic cash and providing new distance-based consultancy services. Particular focus is 
placed on the availability of distance-selling of the products and services of the Banco BPM 
Group. Banco BPM is implementing an omni-channel service model with a focus on 
sustainability and efficiency.

--- Page 222 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
222 
 
 
 
Finally, the distribution model envisages the creation and/or strengthening of mobile 
“physical” channels intended to bring the bank closer to its clients. Various new forms of 
mobile services are envisaged including, amongst others: (i) distance-selling, based on distance 
communication tools and techniques to facilitate the relationship between client and 
relationship managers in different locations and requiring a large number of client relationship 
managers to be authorised to operate outside the branches and to provide consulting services 
at the client’s home; (ii) teams of private bankers to develop new and existing wealth advisory 
competencies; (iii) business product specialists throughout the network supporting the 
relationship managers; (iv) business developers dedicated to acquiring new business 
customers, particularly in geographical areas where the Banco BPM Group is less 
well-established; and (v) financial promoters in Banca Aletti. 
Private Customers 
“Private” customers comprises all private individuals, natural persons with private assets of 
less than Euro 1 million, which are broken down into “Personal” and “Universal” customers: 
“Personal” customers are those with assets (deposits) of between Euro 50,000 and Euro 1 
million; while “Universal” customers are those with personal assets of less than Euro 50,000. 
Products, Services and loans for private Retail Customers 
Current accounts 
During 2022, Banco BPM renewed the range of current accounts offered to the consumer target 
through the marketing of the new Webank account. Again with the aim of improving the user 
experience, speeding up the account-opening process, the remote customer identification 
through SPID (Public Digital Identity System) function was released in August. These 
initiatives are in line with the market trend that envisages paperless onboarding processes and 
are part of the initiatives of the .DOT programme.  
Starting from May 2022, a promotion on the Webank account fee was launched: this was a 
particularly competitive proposal, one of the best on the market, thanks to the specific 
characteristics of the offer and the promotion on the fee. The initiative made a significant 
contribution to acquiring new consumer customers. In October 2022, a promotion was also 
launched on the You account, targeting consumers who subscribe to the account through the 
digital onboarding process, available on the Bank’s commercial website. The initiative is a 
commercial acquisition opportunity and seeks to increase the customer base. At the same time, 
the new online recognition method through SPID was also released for the online opening of 
the single account-holder You account.  
Another offer that updated the product catalogue was the marketing of the new 4YOU account 
from June. The offer is reserved to private customers with an employment contract with 
companies, entities, large associations affiliated with Banco BPM. This activity is part of the 
process of streamlining the product catalogue. Other initiatives included the marketing at the 
beginning of the year of an account to support subsidised loans under the NRRP - National 
Recovery and Resilience Plan, as well as updates on ordinary consumer and non-consumer 
current accounts, and on the account reserved to condominiums. 
New Public Websites 
The development and management of the contents of the www.bancobpm.it website continued, 
with a particular focus on topics related to financial education, enhanced with more than 100

--- Page 223 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
223 
 
 
 
articles. 
The 
usage 
figures 
for 
the 
public 
websites 
(www.bancobpm.it 
and 
www.gruppo.bancobpm.it) recorded an increase in visitors of 40% compared to last year. At 
the end of the year, the overhaul of the mortgage simulator was completed and the application 
was created and released that allows an appointment to be made directly at the local branch 
from the public websites.  
As regards Banca Akros, in 2022, the public website saw the release of a new search and 
profiling engine for the “Certificates” section, which allows investors to quickly and intuitively 
consult products of interest.  
Transfer of tax credit originating from building bonus schemes - private customers 
In 2022, the Bank continued to purchase tax credits resulting from work to improve the energy 
efficiency of buildings or other subsidised building work carried out by private customers as 
part of the agreements entered into with Cherry Bank S.p.A. During 2022, the applications 
submitted were worth around Euro 195 million in terms of credit value (of which 68% 
Superbonus loans and 32% other tax bonuses). 
Omnichannel services 
In 2022, activities related to the development of the new omnichannel and full digital service 
model continued. Access to the online service through the “Signature Room”, already available 
on the web, was extended to the app; in addition to the provision of enabling tools (“Digital 
Identity” and “Signature Room”), efforts focused on the progressive enrichment of the 
catalogue of products and services available in SELF mode and Online (e.g. Nexi Card, Prepaid 
Card, Agos Loans, MP5 Policy).  
During the year, the new remote identification method was introduced through SPID: since the 
introduction of SPID, as many as 64% of the You accounts opened refer to customers 
recognised with this method and more than two out of three Webank accounts are opened in 
this way. 
ATM  
At the end of 2022, all Banco BPM ATMs were enabled for PagoPA payments (the payment 
system for public administrations and public service providers in Italy), addressing the need to 
create value in terms of profitability, efficiency of the ATM channel and customer service.  
Token  
Also in 2022, the transfer of expiring physical tokens to software tokens continued, in order to 
reduce the environmental impact and enhance the user experience, reaching a conversion rate 
of more than 80% of the customers involved in the campaign. 
Accessibility  
In 2022, the Accessibility project was launched to meet the need to comply with the new 
legislation of Law Decree 76/2020, which extended the provisions of Law no. 4 of 09/01/2004 
(Stanca Law). The need to "provide services and provide usable information, without 
discrimination, even by those who, due to disabilities, require assistive technologies or special 
configurations" applies to private parties that offer services to the public, through websites or 
mobile applications. The process launched by Banco BPM envisaged an initial phase of checks 
on the accessibility of priority digital assets and is continuing with work to adapt and create 
new projects to comply with the guidelines dictated by the regulations.  
Mobile banking developments and investments: private customers

--- Page 224 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
224 
 
 
 
Banco BPM has made the new Personal Financial Manager (PFM) and Insight Platform 
services available to all private customers subscribed to the online channel with access to the 
YouApp or Webank App. This initiative is part of Banco BPM’s new digital offering and 
allows private customers to optimise their financial management, through the introduction of 
new functions that allow them to set spending and savings targets, plan recurring transactions 
and analyse their expenses broken down by category and brand. The PFM allows Banco BPM 
to send personalised suggestions to users on different categories of movements: products, 
expenses, list of transactions and recurring transactions, customised according to the 
customer’s spending behaviour. 
The online channel was enhanced by two important e-money releases: Nexi credit cards, 
available for online sales from May 2022 for the branch network and from June 2022 for the 
Digital Branch, and at the end of the year, the Debit Business product, Banco BPM’s corporate 
debit card. The “self-service” channel also saw an expansion of the range of products that can 
be purchased online: in particular, in the second half of the year, Nexi credit card sale functions 
were released on both the Banco BPM and Webank platforms. The sale of Banco BPM’s 
Prepaid card was also extended to both platforms. In line with the development of the digital 
service model defined in the Business Plan, in 2023, the online and self-service channel will 
be progressively extended, offering an increasingly higher number of products and services.  
As regards the online trading sector, despite the complex geopolitical and economic scenario 
in 2022, online trading and investments recorded over 3.2 million transactions during the year, 
up 2% compared to the previous year. The overall result is due to the steady growth of 
transactions in derivative instruments by Webank customers (+47% yoy) compared to a 
reduction of -15% on the cash component, in line with that recorded by the main global stock 
markets for this type of instrument. The growing trend of Webank transactions was also made 
possible by the successful completion, in June 2022, of the migration of the order routing 
service on derivative markets from Banca Intesa to Banca Akros. App transactions continued 
to grow: in 2022, more than one customer out of two used this tool to manage stock market 
transactions, while transactions on mobile channels accounted for more than 20% of total 
orders. With the aim of recovering and supporting cash market transactions, a number of 
initiatives have been launched, the first positive results of which are expected in 2023. These 
include the use of new providers for time series and technical analysis tools and the expansion 
of functions linked to the securities alert system.  
With regard to business customers, the main projects undertaken in 2022 are illustrated below:  
• 
development of the YouBusiness app: the new functions implemented were identified 
on the basis of the main needs expressed by customers. Therefore, the following new 
services were released: payment of bills by QrCode, car tax, bank receipts, telephone 
top-ups, creation of the “Online documents” section and of the token app, thus 
optimising the customer “user experience”, reducing operating costs and helping to 
improve the Bank’s ESG rate. Over the next few months, the App will be enriched with 
new functions to offer additional mobile operations, accelerating the use of the channel 
by customers from a mobile first approach, expanding the availability of products and 
services on digital channels;  
• 
improvement of the YouBusinessWeb platform: at the end of 2022, the BFM (Business 
Financial Management) service was released, which enables customers to access 
important new functions such as the categorisation of transactions, the automatic 
reconciliation of invoices, the management of recurrent transactions and of the budget 
allocated to company projects also through simulations (via graphs) forecasting future

--- Page 225 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
225 
 
 
 
income and expenditure. Through the BFM service, businesses, particularly small ones, 
can manage company cash flows independently. 
Customer Support and Development (CSD)  
In line with the objectives of the 2021/2024 Business Plan, efforts to support cross-selling in 
the various business areas were significantly boosted and 62 new resources were added to the 
unit, which led to the exponential growth of the proactive contacts managed.  
In 2022, collaboration with the Network channel focused mainly on the following areas:  
 
the online offer, through the digital branch, of products relating to Nexi credit cards, Agos 
loans and multi-risk policies of Banco BPM Assicurazioni, working alongside the branch 
manager in customer relations, with a view to continuously boosting cross-selling and 
internal skills, by activating a new sales channel;  
 
proactive contact with private customers and potential customers in the business world. 
In 2022, the percentage of Retail and Private customers contacted by the unit for 
commercial and caring purposes exceeded 14%, over double the figure recorded in 2021;  
 
enhancing the use of digital identity;  
 
management of the customer assistance service and customer relations as regards the 
Super Bonus.  
Within the scope of providing customer support, this was actively managed both through 
traditional telephone channels (toll-free numbers with operator and Interactive Voice Response 
- IVR, call-back service available in the App and website for a customer bracket) and written 
channels (email messages) as well as through a virtual assistant (web and mobile) and social 
media channels; the main areas of operations, in addition to the Superbonus 110, were as 
follows, in continuity with 2021:  
 
assistance and navigation support to customers using home banking services, both for 
private Banco BPM customers and WeBank digital customers and companies using 
remote banking services (YouBusinessWeb);  
 
management of telephone banking services (direct banking and trading operations) both 
for private Banco BPM customers and WeBank digital customers;  
 
customer support during the before- and after-sales steps of the Webank online service, 
for all the products and services offered, in partnership with the virtual branch 
(representing the only communication channel between the Bank and the customer);  
 
support to private WeBank and Banco BPM customers on topics relating to cards.  
Operator assistance activities, in terms of quantity, decreased in line with the objectives of the 
Business Plan, also thanks to inbound optimisation initiatives linked to prevention and the 
automation of contacts developed as part of the .DOT programme. Customer requests for self-
service assistance increased, mainly due to the growth of the Virtual Assistant channel, which 
also saw the implementation of new customised functions and integration with the voice 
commands of the APP.  
E-Money - Payment cards

--- Page 226 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
226 
 
 
 
In 2022, the process of digitalisation of Banco BPM e-money products continued. The 
introduction of digital identity and the signature room facilitated the preparation of new 
processes for the sale of Banco BPM products, also online, both through the online channel 
handled by the branch manager or the digital branch, and through the self-service channel, 
which allows customers to be completely independent in the purchase of a product online, from 
the selection of the product to the signing of contracts up to the receipt of the same at their 
home. From the second half of 2022, the network of Banco BPM branches and the digital 
branch have been able to offer Nexi credit cards for sale online.  
To facilitate the signing of documentation, the “signature train” function was also introduced 
for the sale of Nexi credit cards: thanks to this option, the sale process is quick and simple. The 
online offer of a product addressed to business customers was developed: the Debit Business 
card.  
The self-service channel also saw an expansion of e-money products that can be subscribed 
directly online. In particular, as of this year, customers subscribed to the Bank’s online services 
can purchase both the Nexi credit card and the Prepaid card independently and with a “full 
digital” process. These products can be purchased by Banco BPM and Webank customers both 
through dedicated Apps and online by accessing Internet banking. In 2023, new products are 
expected to be released on online channels (e.g. debit cards), in line with Banco BPM’s 
omnichannel development process and with a view to completing the range of products that 
can be subscribed for online. 
Over the course of 2022, Banco BPM continued along the path of Digital Innovation, 
digitalising the Individual Cartimpronta Credit Card and making Apple Pay available for all 
types of payment cards addressed to consumer customers.  
Also in 2022, customers showed significant interest in digital tools and the use of mobile 
payments, with an increase from 21,000 digitalised cards in 2021 to 196,000 cards in 2022, and 
with mobile wallet spending rising from a value of 11 million in 2021 to 186 million in 2022. 
The activation of Apple Pay was fundamental to this growth: in 2022, 67% of Banco BPM's 
digitalised cards were used through this wallet. In 2023, Banco BPM will continue along the 
path of digital innovation, extending the authorisation to the main OTTs (Apple and Google) 
for payment cards on the national circuit (currently only possible with Samsung Pay) and will 
enable company cards licensed by the Bank on all the main mobile wallets.  
Private mortgage loans  
In 2022, despite the increase in interest rates in the second part of the year, disbursements of 
mortgage loans to individuals were slightly below the result obtained in the previous year, 
which closed with a significant growth in volumes.  
The commercial offer of mortgage loans to individuals in 2022 confirmed Banco BPM as one 
of the key players in the domestic competitive arena. To further expand the offer reserved to 
its customers, Banco BPM has included the “Mutuo Promo a tasso variabile con Cap Green" 
(Promo Mortgage loan with a variable interest rate and Green Cap), characterised by the 
presence of a maximum rate (CAP), in the catalogue of mortgage loans to private customers. 
The new product has an interest rate that changes on the basis of the performance of the 
benchmark without, however, ever exceeding the contractually established threshold. Of the 
products offered, we draw attention to the considerable attention and appreciation by young 
customers of the “Mutuo You Giovani” (You Mortgage Loan for Young People), assisted by 
the presence of the Fondo Garanzia Prima Casa CONSAP.

--- Page 227 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
227 
 
 
 
In 2022, the Bank promptly implemented all legal incentives to support households and 
businesses affected by natural disasters; in addition, internal moratorium activities continued 
in favour of households that found themselves in temporary difficulty: in 2022, 645 
suspensions were granted to private customers for a total of 5,731 suspended instalments 
corresponding to approximately 4.5 million in suspended capital.  
Consumer credit  
In 2022, new personal loans disbursed reached a value of 1,233 million, up 27% compared to 
the previous year. Almost all of the personal loans were disbursed by Agos Ducato, a consumer 
credit company, whose products are distributed exclusively by Banco BPM; in the latter part 
of the year, new loans were also sustained by the online offer of Agos Personal Loans. During 
2022, Banco BPM continued to pursue its objective of making a concrete contribution to 
increasing the green awareness of its current account holders by reserving a special offer to the 
same: the “Green” offer by Agos, through which approximately 3,000 Banco BPM account 
holders were able to finance eco-sustainable expenditure, both in the field of green transport 
and energy upgrading. Lastly, to show that it understands the needs of households, in 2022, 
Banco BPM sponsored schemes relating to Agos personal loans, thanks to which the customers 
interested were able to benefit from advantageous conditions.  
Advances on severance pay for employees of the Public Administration  
Banco BPM continues to focus on the issue of advances on severance pay for Public 
Administration employees: in fact, the agreements signed with the country’s leading 
professional Institutions and Associations have been confirmed and further agreements are 
under negotiation. In total, 1,480 advances were granted in 2022 for a total of 156 million in 
credit facilities granted with drawdowns of 133 million. The total stock of advances amounted 
to 4,610 transactions with drawdowns of 345 million. 
Investment products  
In 2022, funding volumes on assets under management were mainly concentrated on flexible 
and bond products characterised by asset diversification and partnerships with the most 
prestigious investment houses continued: Anima SGR continues to be one of the main partners 
of the Group; particular attention was paid to ESG criteria in the selection and distribution of 
products in line with the provisions of Article 8 of the EU Sustainability and Finance 
Regulation. The asset management product catalogue was expanded with the proposal of 
dedicated flexible thematic funds, including Anima funds: Investimento Cyber Security & Big 
Data 2027, Investimento Smart City 2027, Investimento Smart Industry 2027, Investimento 
Globale & Infrastrutture 2027, Investimento Globale & Lusso 2027, Investimento Globale & 
Longevity 2028. These funds allowed customers to diversify their portfolios by investing in 
the sector linked to the relative issues and to have the opportunity of receiving an annual coupon 
flow. The catalogue also included new Flexible Bond funds.  
In 2022, the Group continued to distribute insurance products through its joint ventures with 
Vera Vita, Vera Financial and Banco BPM Vita S.p.A. In this regard, customers showed a 
preference for Multi-segment products, which enable them to combine savings protection 
solutions with solutions able to take the best yield opportunities offered by the markets. As part 
of insurance investment products, unit-linked policies and ESG-oriented policies were also 
offered. With regard to Supplementary Pensions, the Group has constantly promoted the 
awareness and dissemination of dedicated products. Lastly, the Group continued to issue 
certificates and, keeping in line with customer preferences, the products maintained a financial 
structure that protects capital (Equity Protection).

--- Page 228 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
228 
 
 
 
Bancassurance Protection  
In 2022, with the aim of pursuing a multi-channel offering also for non-life policies, the Bank 
further increased its distribution channels. The online offer of Banco BPM Assicurazioni's 
Home policy, available in 2021 only for branches, has also been offered since November 2022 
through the digital branch. In addition, since December 2023, the estimates saved online by the 
branches (network or digital) can be purchased through YouApp. Since September 2022, the 
Home Risk policies of Banco BPM Assicurazioni and the fire policies of Vera Assicurazioni 
have also been available in combination with the mortgage loan offer. Since June 2022, the 
Multiprotection Business policy of Banco BPM Assicurazioni has been in the catalogue for 
small economic operators and small business customers.  
Listening to customers  
Also in 2022, great importance was given to listening to customers and monitoring experience 
levels, activities aimed at improving the service provided. In 2022, the relational Customer 
Experience, or Customer Satisfaction survey was conducted, involving over 210 thousand retail 
customers, Private customers and SMEs, of which 20% provided feedback via web 
questionnaire and the remaining 80% by means of a telephone interview. Satisfaction is 
measured using TRI*M, a numeric score ranging from 0 to 100 provided by the assessments 
that customers provide regarding overall satisfaction, level of recommendation, likelihood of 
repurchase and economic convenience of Banco BPM. Another indicator used to measure 
satisfaction is the Net Promoter Score (NPS), which monitors how likely a Customer is to 
recommend Banco BPM. The Customer Satisfaction surveys also investigate satisfaction with 
the products, reputation, branch services, web channels and any problems encountered. In 
2022, all of the satisfaction indicators measured recorded an improvement over the previous 
year. Banco BPM’s TRI*M index is 71 (+3 points compared to 2021), while the NPS index is 
24 (+1 compared to 2021). To monitor the quality of services provided, over 2,000 visits were 
made to Group branches, using the “Mystery shopping” technique. The visits confirmed a good 
level of service at branches, with particular regard to the relational aspect.  
In 2022, the process of developing the tools available to actively listen and oversee the 
customer experience as a whole made considerable progress. In fact, Banco BPM has further 
expanded the use of the Customer Feedback Management (CFM) platform, a tool able to easily 
manage the various surveys addressed to customers and collect instant feedback. Introduced in 
2020, to date the CFM platform has collected approximately 310 thousand feedbacks (130 
thousand at the end of November 2022), overseeing all levels of Customer Experience 
listening, from relational aspects to those concerning digital interactions and the purchase of 
products and services. The great potential offered by the CFM platform, combined with 
continuous internal communication activities and the involvement of most of the Bank’s 
departments (Marketing and Sales in particular), have also made it possible to gradually spread 
a culture of continuous improvement also with a view to sustainable processes. In this regard, 
the front-lines (primarily Customer Centre and Commercial Network) were strengthened, to 
re-contact customers following negative feedback and for the proactive resolution of problems 
that have arisen. In addition, the availability of artificial intelligence tools, used to process high 
volumes of feedback, made it possible to organise inter-functional work groups with the aim 
of providing a solution to the requests made by customers. The areas of intervention mentioned 
above are part of the “Close the loop” initiatives launched by the Group.  
Research

--- Page 229 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
229 
 
 
 
In 2022, to complement the customer experience monitoring, 13 customised research projects 
were conducted, with a view to addressing topics which, during the year, needed to be 
examined in more depth. More specifically, numerous surveys were conducted on ESG topics 
to support Group departments, on brand perception and positioning, on the development of 
new products and services and on the improvement of existing ones. Research was also carried 
out for the collection of Voice of the Employee suggestions to fine-tune new online offer 
processes and to improve existing products and services and commercial initiatives. In 2022, 
as well as involving specific targets, these surveys also made use of the Customer Feedback 
Management (CFM) platform and the “Insquadra” (Inteam) Community Panel, which has 
represented another channel to encourage listening to customers since 2019, with the 
involvement of around 2,000 private customers and 500 business customers. Customers that 
participate in Banco BPM research activities contribute to the Group’s decision-making 
process, by providing ideas and sharing experiences and impressions. In addition to the above, 
whenever Business customers participate in a survey, they contribute to the donations made to 
the AIRC Foundation (Foundation for Cancer Research), therefore supporting the partnership 
between the Group and AIRC. 
Corporate Customers 
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had approximately 470 thousand corporate customers with 
a current account. 
The distribution of customers (unique customers with current accounts) by turnover level 
confirms the significant concentration in the class of up to 25 million (approximately 99%) 
already recorded in previous years, attesting to the vocation of Banco BPM Group in its 
relations with medium-sized companies. 
The distribution of Corporate customers includes a significant proportion of small and medium 
enterprises, for which the Group further strengthened its activities in 2022.  
Specifically, business was developed with dedicated products and services, which are outlined 
below. 
Collection and payment services  
Significant growth trends were also confirmed for 2022 in the field of transactional services: 
in particular for transactions referring to payments through the “PagoPA” circuit and to 
payments by bank transfer in all its forms (especially if urgent and immediate). These results 
were also achieved through promotional training sessions regarding Webank customers. In 
particular, the campaign was limited to customers who had never made a fast payment, with a 
view to encouraging them to understand and appreciate this tool. During the year, Banco BPM 
guaranteed its contribution to the working group which, within the ABI and under the direction 
of the ECB, is analysing the possible adoption of the euro in digital format and the various 
implications of the same, from both an operational and regulatory perspective.  
E-money - POS  
The number of POS transactions with debit, credit and prepaid cards grew by 30% in 2022 
compared to the previous year. In this regard, Banco BPM reached and exceeded the target of 
140,000 POS terminals installed in commercial and service activities, Entities and the Public 
Administration. In 2022, the Innovative Digital Omnichannel Sales process led to the 
modernisation of the product catalogue with the launch of the new Mobile POS terminal model,

--- Page 230 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
230 
 
 
 
intended primarily for small businesses and freelance professionals. During the year, the full 
development of targeted sales promotions was confirmed with recurring offers for the period 
and the profiling of vertical proposals by customer segment, also making the sales process more 
efficient and less costly. During the last quarter, a campaign was also launched to expand the 
acceptance of the American Express circuit with “small business” operators. Lastly, for the 
whole of 2022, in support of the widespread acceptance of low-value transactions, Banco BPM 
maintained zero commission on transactions with PagoBANCOMAT cards for amounts of less 
than 5 euro for all of its merchants, which has been in place since 1 January 2021.  
Looking forward, again as regards Digital Omnichannel Sales projects, the analysis and 
development phases of the SMART POS range have been completed and the launch and release 
of the online offer channel for the entire POS product catalogue is now imminent in 2023. 
Loans and lending  
The lending products that comprise the various catalogues seek to meet their main and most 
frequent requirements: investment, working capital, liquidity, expansion, advances, cash 
flexibility, unsecured loans. Also in 2022, work continued to improve and update the types of 
loans, with a view to guaranteeing a catalogue of products that is always able to meet market 
needs and at the same time can be successfully distributed by the Commercial Network. 2022 
was characterised by a boost in the development of products to support companies in the 
transition towards a sustainable economy as regards ESG. In this regard, lending products with 
a "Sustainability Objective" were made available to customers, with a view to accommodating 
businesses that want to embark on a virtuous path towards sustainability, with less impact on 
the environment (Environmental), inclusion policies and supporting the local community 
(Social) and organisational enhancement (Governance). The new financing solution called 
“Unsecured Business Loan with Sustainability Objective” makes it possible to enhance the 
virtuous path undertaken in the ESG area by companies, whose added value is given by the 
possibility of connecting an ESG covenant to the loan, with a rewarding effect on the spread if 
the objectives agreed at the time the loan is stipulated are achieved. Activities also continued 
to pursue financial solutions to support SMEs in their energy transition and investments in 
renewable energy plants; with regard to these, the Bank offers dedicated funding solutions to 
companies that invest in RES plants (the acronym includes forms of energy whose exploitation 
does not imply an impoverishment of the original source) also in line with NRRP objectives.  
Specifically, in addition to offering specialist support in the form of Specialised Lending and 
Project Finance, Banco BPM has defined an ad hoc methodology for the preliminary and 
finalisation phases of this type of loan, with the aim of improving the ability to analyse these 
interventions, envisaging the following steps:  
 
definition of the best solution in terms of financing based on the type of transaction set 
in place by the customer;  
 
technical analysis of the plant conducted by technicians that meet the professional 
standards established by the Bank and, where possible, the measurement of the CO2 
emissions avoided;  
 
specific guarantees and safeguards to finance RES plants.  
As part of the “Sustainable Investments 2020-2023” programme, an agreement was signed in 
2022 with Cassa Depositi e Prestiti, called “CDP Investimenti Sostenibili”, aimed at creating 
and selling loans to be allocated within a specific ceiling of 300 million addressed to SMEs 
and Mid-Caps focused on energy efficiency, green financing and sustainable investments 
Banco BPM, as part of the product initiatives launched with the NRRP programme:

--- Page 231 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
231 
 
 
 
 
joined the Ministry of Tourism, Italian Banking Association and CDP Convention related 
to the “Fondo Rotativo Imprese (FRI) to support businesses and investments in 
development (FRI Fund)”. The product consists of a medium/long-term co-financing 
with Bank and Cassa Depositi e Prestiti funding at a subsidised rate and the disbursement 
of a non-repayable plant grant on the resources allocated, with a mandate granted to it by 
CDP to assess the creditworthiness of the company;  
 
the agreement of the Ministry of Tourism for the management of financial resources 
within the scope of the NRRP was implemented, activating the Special Tourism Section 
of the SME Guarantee Fund to facilitate access to credit by hotels that are involved in 
agritourism. In particular, Banco BPM made the Unsecured Loan and the Mortgage Loan 
with SMEGF guarantee - Special Tourism Section available to its customers;  
 
has developed products and sales initiatives to support customers in the application and 
assignment phases of incentives through participation in tenders, also as regards 
measures for the digitalisation of the Public Administration, Agri-Solar Farms and Agri-
Food Logistics. In addition, with regard to tax receivables, collaboration with Cherry 
Bank S.p.A. continued, confirming the offer of specific products to support the financial 
cycle of the renovation/energy efficiency work for residential buildings by private 
customers, condominiums and businesses, such as:  
 
Anticipo Superbonus Consumatori (Advance of Superbonus to Consumers) designed to 
provide financial coverage for the time between the start of works on site and their 
completion (at progress of work or overall) with the consequent monetisation of the tax 
credit transferred; 
 
unsecured loans to condominiums (Credito Condominio (Condominium Credit), Credito 
Condominio Energy Efficiency Italia (Condominium Credit Energy Efficiency Italy)), to 
fund building upgrade and energy efficiency costs, also for the part of the works paid for 
by using the consideration resulting from the transfer of said tax credit to Cherry Bank, 
alongside the existing opportunity to fund the cost of the works up to 100%, including 
VAT, net of the tax credit sold to the enterprise through discount on invoice;  
 
Anticipo Contratti Riqualificazione Edifici (Advances on Building Upgrade Contracts), 
addressed to businesses, to obtain financial coverage for the time between the start of 
works on site and their completion (at progress of work or overall) with the consequent 
monetisation of the tax credit transferred to the intermediary, the Bank’s commercial 
partner.  
Smart Lending  
In 2022, through the online channel, customers continued to be offered short-term loans to be 
paid in instalments to support business liquidity or to facilitate the payment of taxes/wages. An 
offer was activated that envisages the possibility of signing the transaction online by having 
customers sign loan agreements directly through their YouBusinessWeb workstation using the 
“signature room” function. With this offer, the digitalisation of the loan instalment application 
and granting process was completed, and can now be carried out entirely online.  
Invoice Financing  
To improve access to financial services by businesses, an activity plan is at an advanced stage, 
with a view to extending the type of receivables transactions that may be requested through the 
YouBusinessWeb channel. During the year, the release of new functions related to advances

--- Page 232 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
232 
 
 
 
on Italian invoices without the transfer of receivables, to the management of the invoice 
schedule and the related advances, and to the request for an extension of a document and related 
advance was completed. The development of the project will continue with the release of the 
advance function for other types of products (advances on Italian contracts and subsidies on 
documents and invoices) through the digital channel, as well as the possibility for the customer 
to attach supporting documentation for the relative request.  
Other activities to support and increase business loans  
The Bank continued its commitment to measures to support businesses, both in the emergency 
period resulting from the Covid-19 pandemic, and especially afterwards, in compliance with 
the measures established to combat the effects of the conflict in Ukraine. The schemes 
implemented in 2022 in this regard mostly entailed arrangements required to promptly 
implement the support measures and subsidies dictated by a series of laws, such as Law Decrees 
and ABI Agreements. Specifically, the following activities were gradually updated and made 
available:  
 
loans secured by the Guarantee Fund for Small and Medium Enterprises (pursuant to the 
Liquidity Law Decree, as amended, 2022 Budget Law, Aid Law Decree, as amended);  
 
unsecured agricultural loans backed by the ISMEA 100% direct guarantee pursuant to 
Article 20 of Italian Law Decree no. 50 of 17 May 2022 (Aid Ter DL).  
Agrifood  
The traditional and consolidated focus on businesses in the agrifood sector continued 
successfully through the synergistic presence of Agricultural Sales Specialists in all Territorial 
Departments, to support the network in the phases of contact and visits to businesses in this 
sector. Activity in the primary sector in 2022 (still affected by Covid but above all by the 
Ukraine crisis) saw a considerable increase in the prices of raw materials (fertilisers, feed and 
fuel). To meet the liquidity needs of businesses in the segment, the Bank made loans with a 
100% ISMEA guarantee (pursuant to Art. 20 of the Aid Law Decree). With regard to Rural 
Development Programmes (RDP), business opportunities continued to receive support from 
the “RDP we are with you 100%” initiative which, through a modular mix of products from 
the “Semina Catalogue”, is able to meet and sustain investment needs also in view of the CAP 
(Common Agricultural Policy) reform planned for 2023. 
Lastly, based on the experience gained in relation to the Supply Chain and District Projects 
with CDP-MIPAAF funds (IV Tender), Banco BPM participated, again as the lender bank, in 
the V Tender, which entails the commitment of significant resources from the NRRP. Lastly, 
in 2022, in line with the Bank’s lending policies, the use and implementation of the credit 
assessment procedure for agricultural businesses to support applications was consolidated. 
These transactions, together with the presence of specialised professionals and the whole range 
of “Semina” lending products, make Banco BPM one of the Italian banks with the highest focus 
on the monitoring and development of the agrifood segment.  
Subsidised Financing and Guarantee Bodies  
In 2022, Banco BPM continued to disburse subsidised loans to businesses and households, with 
a view to facilitating access to credit and reducing its cost. These loans feature public 
guarantees (e.g. Guarantee Fund for SMEs, ISMEA Guarantee Funds, European Investment 
Fund-EIF, SACE, Guarantee Fund for the First Home, etc.), or are granted by the Bank using

--- Page 233 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
233 
 
 
 
funds obtained at advantageous conditions (e.g. funds of the European Investment Bank or of 
the Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (state-controlled fund and deposit institution)).  
During 2022, the most significant initiatives were as follows:  
 
loans to SMEs, to be allocated to the EIB “Synthetic Securitisation” ceiling, amounting 
to approximately 900 million, made available on the basis of the agreements with the 
EIB concluded at the end of 2021;  
 
use of the SACE guarantee lines to support SMEs and Mid-Caps for both liquidity and 
investment needs directed towards research and development and/or technological 
innovation;  
 
extension of the SMEGF guarantee to new short-term loans and unsecured loans, actually 
implementing a legislative provision already covered for some time by the Operating 
Provisions of the SMEGF and allowing a more extended use of risk mitigation tools, such 
as the direct SMEGF guarantee.  
Guarantee instruments for enterprises  
Considering the importance of guarantees in facilitating access to credit, the utmost impetus 
was given to guarantee operations, which are ancillary to the disbursement of credit, by 
subscribing/adhering to specific agreements and contracts with the managers and providers of 
guarantees. Banco BPM is also active in the main national subsidised guarantee instruments, 
including:  
 
Guarantee Fund for SMEs, specialised in protecting bank loans granted to support 
business financial needs;  
 
ISMEA (the Italian Institute for Services for the Agricultural Food Market), formerly the 
SGFA (the Italian Agricultural and Food Management Fund), dedicated to issuing direct 
or subsidiary guarantees, co-guarantees and counter-guarantees to agricultural 
companies;  
 
SACE, in the form of the “SACE Italy Guarantee”, “SACE Mid Cap Guarantee”, “SACE 
SupportItalia Guarantee” and “SACE Green Guarantee” (both under an arrangement with 
SACE and outside of the same), the latter to meet the parameters envisaged in the 
European Regulation and Taxonomy of “green” activities (Reg. EU no. 852/2020).  
The above-mentioned guarantees benefit from the ultimate guarantee of the State, which allows 
the Bank to lower the production costs of lending and to apply special terms to the guaranteed 
loans. These interventions entailed compliance with the regulations issued on each occasion, 
starting with Law Decree no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (Liquidity DL) and subsequently the 2022 
Budget Law as well as Law Decree no. 50 of 17 May 2022 (Aid DL), as amended. The 
collaboration with the Confidi continued with the final signature of the new version of the 
convention by all Guarantee Entities and Financial Intermediaries and with the addition of new 
Confidi (Confidi Sardegna and Confeserfidi), consolidating their support of local businesses. 
Dedicated loan products were also launched in accordance with the provisions of the “Ukraine 
Law Decree” in order to exploit the opportunity of the counter-guarantee issued by the Central 
Guarantee Fund. Lastly, the Bank also continued to work with various foundations, by virtue 
of agreements entered into over time, which regulate operations as regards measures to contrast 
usury with regard to the funds allocated by Italian Law 108/96 “Anti-Usury Law”, also to meet

--- Page 234 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
234 
 
 
 
the liquidity needs of individuals with overt economic difficulties and problems accessing 
credit. 
Other State subsidies for businesses  
With regard to other schemes that benefit SMEs, Banco BPM also participates in different 
initiatives that envisage tax relief (interest rate subsidies or non-repayable grants/plant and 
equipment grants) dictated by various national and regional regulations, thus confirming its 
close deep-rooted relationship with the local communities served. 
Partnership with the CBI  
Starting from October, Banco BPM participated in an initiative led by the CBI consortium to 
set up a system database that allows real-time consultation of invoices and the percentage of 
advances already granted to applicant customers at other institutions. If these developments are 
successful, significant improvements will be made to customer risk profile analyses as regards 
advances on invoices and mitigating the risk of possible fraud.  
Transfer of tax credit originating building bonus schemes - businesses and condominiums  
In 2022, customers belonging to the businesses and condominiums segment again had the 
opportunity to transfer tax credit originating from work to improve the energy efficiency of 
buildings or other subsidised building work, in the same way as private segment customers. 
For the Retail channel, in relation to the two segments in question, the applications submitted 
in 2022 had a credit value of approximately 289 million. 
Corporate 
Banco BPM’s Corporate function is the organisational structure that manages medium and 
large-sized corporate customers, through the centralised management of activities with a high 
specialist content and in areas with high added value and directly oversees the Corporate 
Commercial Network. 
The Corporate Commercial Network is organised on a territorial basis according to a model 
developed and consolidated over the last few years and which saw, in 2022, an increase in the 
number of units in high potential areas. This model has proven to be efficient in guaranteeing 
commercial and territorial coverage through: 
 
a central unit which directly handles business governance; 
 
5 Corporate Markets, broken down, in turn, into 21 Corporate Centres; 
 
over 150 managers who, together with dedicated analysts, assist companies in their 
operations, with a strong focus on business development; and 
 
a Large Corporate unit, with several local offices (Milan, Turin, Verona, Bologna, 
Rome), which focuses on serving customers with a turnover exceeding Euro 1 billion. 
Corporate customers 
In 2022, the Corporate segment includes approximately 10,900 Mid Cap companies and 
approximately 1,100 Large Corporates, for a total of approximately 10,600 target companies, 
having a current account with the Group as at 31 December 2022. As of 31 December 2022, 
the total number of corporate customers amounted to approximately 10,900 (of which 
approximately 7,000 had taken out loans) and the total number of corporate groups was equal 
to approximately 3,200 (of which 2,800 had taken out loans).

--- Page 235 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
235 
 
 
 
Corporate business strategy 
In a complex scenario, which has suffered both the consequences of the pandemic period and 
the economic impacts of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, the constant monitoring of corporate 
customer relations, invaluable for providing them with optimal and targeted support, was 
more strategic than ever. This support took the form of prompt responses to customer needs 
that are constantly evolving.  
The role of relationship managers was fundamental, as they form the heart of the Corporate 
commercial network and work in close synergy and coordination with the Corporate 
Management Units and the centres of excellence. 
Oversight took place in two fundamental areas:  
 
Support to deal with the energy crisis: in view of the considerable increase in the cost of 
energy and raw materials in general, Banco BPM made the so-called “energy fund” 
available. This is an allocation of 5 billion to support corporate customers in limiting the 
effects resulting from the high cost of energy and raw materials and which takes the form 
of solutions dedicated to the financing of stocks and raw materials made available at 
advantageous financial and technical conditions;  
 
Support to ESG projects: in 2022 Banco BPM reconfirmed its commitment to supporting 
ESG projects and the “green transition” of its customers, in line with the objectives 
defined in the 2021-2024 Strategic Plan. The Corporate function has integrated these 
elements in the management of its commercial activities, also in consideration of the fact 
that transition risk represents a key variable in business positioning and in the 
development and growth projects of its corporate customers. In 2022, the continuation of 
disbursements relating to the “2020-2023 Sustainable Investments” fund of a total of 5 
billion, 80% of which has already been allocated, thanks above all to transactions related 
to Green Project Finance, Real Estate and through Sustainable Linked Loan transactions, 
both bilateral and pooled, is an important part of this initiative. Alongside the 
"Sustainable Investments" fund, the development of dedicated products continued, with 
a view to providing targeted support to the green projects and investments of Corporate 
customers, both concerning transactions with highly personalised structures, as well as 
more standardised transactions developed directly by the Corporate Commercial 
Network. 
Offer to customers - focus on the ESG component 
ESG loans, loans attributable to anti-crisis measures (e.g. backed by SACE guarantee) and 
expansion of the offer catalogue to support the “green transition” 
In 2022, the development of the system offering dedicated loans to Corporate customers 
followed a dual approach: on the one hand, continuity was pursued, aiming to make the 
processes related to solutions already in place more effective and efficient, as in the case of 
interventions backed by public guarantees; on the other hand, innovation was pursued, 
introducing new tools able to stimulate and support the “green transition” of customers. This 
is consistent with the current scenario, affected by pervasive “ESG oriented” phenomena and 
processes. Initiatives aimed at enhancing relationships with customers operating in green 
sectors or with negligible transition risk are also included in this perspective. Lastly, activities 
continued in synergy with the various units of the Bank, functional to the evolution and

--- Page 236 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
236 
 
 
 
development of solutions, products, services and tools to be able to seize the opportunities 
associated with the measures envisaged in the National Recovery and Resilience Plan (NRRP). 
Support to the green transition: development of the offer and dedicated commercial initiatives 
In 2022 efforts to provide support for the “green transition” of corporate customers became 
increasingly important. This commitment entailed the disbursement of appropriately identified 
loans to enhance the interventions in the Real Estate area (e.g. urban redevelopment or energy 
projects), Project Finance and more generally the improvement objectives of specific green or 
ESG KPIs pursued by corporate customers as part of the development and growth process. The 
introduction of the “Unsecured Loan with Sustainability Objective” was significant, a tool 
dedicated to supporting businesses in their path towards more sustainable business models from 
an ESG perspective, thanks to the adoption of "ESG" objectives (ESG KPIs - contractual 
covenants), to reward and motivate companies that commit, in various ways, to improving their 
green sustainability and, more generally, ESG profile. Particular attention was also paid to 
supporting the investments of companies operating in naturally green sectors or in sectors with 
low transition risk, to which specific commercial initiatives were dedicated. Again in support 
of the “green transition”, in 2022 the loans backed by the SACE Green Guarantee were 
increased, also thanks to the implementation of the partnership management approach. This 
guarantee is part of a wider European “Green New Deal” programme, which encompasses a 
set of measures in response to the climate emergency, and which envisages achieving the 
neutrality of polluting emissions by 2050. 
Other commercial initiatives: synergies with Banca Aletti and Banca Akros  
With a view to the growth and development of synergies, the Corporate function developed the 
“Insieme” project with Banca Aletti, to acquire new Private customers through Corporate 
channels, by exploiting existing customer relationships within the Group. Also its collaboration 
and synergy with Banca Akros continues to be significant, the latter specialising in Capital 
Markets (interest rate, exchange rate and commodity hedging) and Investment Banking (Equity 
Capital Markets, Debt Capital Markets, M&A, Securitisation and Advisory segments).  
The role of public guarantees to sustain the Italian economy  
In 2022, with the progression of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, the instrument of SACE Italy 
Guarantee, widely used in 2021, was replaced by the launch of loans backed by the so-called 
SACE Supportitalia guarantee. These instruments were used to deal with the fluctuating market 
dynamics, alongside other public subsidies (e.g. those connected with projects linked to the 
NRRP).  
Other distinctive activities  
In 2022, the use of the “Sales4Change” commercial interaction platform was further developed, 
which contributed to achieving commercial objectives. The purpose of these developments was 
to optimise its use to the advantage of the Network, in order to improve customer service, in a 
context of digital innovation. Project work is continually evolving and will continue in the near 
future as well, with a view to achieving a fully integrated digital ecosystem.  
Hedging financial risk  
In 2022, Banco BPM Group reaffirmed its activity of providing specialised support to corporate 
customers in managing interest rate, exchange rate and commodity risks, through the Corporate 
& Investment Products unit of Banca Akros. Customers are assisted by a group of sales advisors

--- Page 237 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
237 
 
 
 
and specialists, located in different geographical areas, equipped with superior technical and 
commercial skills. 
The development of new products and services also continued: the most recent innovative 
activities include hedging of ESG rates, which comply with sustainability parameters, allowing 
companies to also hedge the risk relating to fluctuations in the price of gas. In 2022, there was 
also an increase in exchange rate and commodity hedging, while interest rate hedging slowed 
down compared to the previous year, mainly due to the trend in market rates.  
Purchase of trade and tax receivables without recourse  
During 2022, Banco BPM extensively developed services relating to the purchase from its 
customers without recourse of trade, fiscal and tax receivables, held both vis-à-vis private 
companies and Public Administration entities, including tax credit relating to Law Decree 
34/2020 (so-called Super Ecobonus). The activities performed in this regard seek, first and 
foremost, to support the production chains using an instrument that in recent years has proven 
to be particularly effective in optimising a company’s working capital. The experience acquired 
by Banco BPM in this area is demonstrated above all by its ability to enter into customised 
agreements with leading companies that wish to optimise the opportunities available to manage 
supply credit/debt, while at the same time offering effective financial services to their suppliers. 
A particularly important market position was consolidated in the purchase of tax credits 
deriving from the so-called Super Ecobonus, an activity that has allowed customers to take 
advantage of the important tax benefits provided. Consolidating its leadership position in this 
specific set of activities has been possible also thanks to the innovation of internal procedures, 
with a view to facilitating operating aspects in the bank-customer relationship. This innovation 
will be fully completed through the adoption of a new operating platform that is part of a 
broader global digitalisation project currently in progress. 
Structured finance  
In 2022, structured finance activity further consolidated its assistance to Group customers with 
regard to more sophisticated lending transactions, made with institutional and industrial 
counterparties which, as regards the purpose of the loan and/or its amount, require a 
personalised and specialised approach. In general, however, it should be noted that customer 
interest in this type of service increased during 2022 given both the strategic value linked to 
this type of transaction and post-pandemic effects. The performance of this segment improved 
compared to the previous year, also thanks to the economic situation, for all performance 
parameters (capital, economic and operating). More specifically, Corporate Lending activity 
recorded a very significant increase in the number of transactions made, and in the commission 
collected. Activities carried out for Financial Sponsors, an area in which the Bank maintained 
its leadership position in the SME segment, recorded a particularly positive year thanks to the 
general improvement in market conditions and the maintenance of a high flow of transactions. 
Moreover, the particular financial market context further facilitated the increase of both the 
number of transactions carried out and the number of Sponsors financed. Project Finance 
activity maintained the excellent performance data recorded in 2021, thanks to the 
consolidation of relations with several operators, and the participation in several transactions 
related to very important infrastructure projects. Looking forward, the launch of the projects 
relating to the NRRP and the geopolitical scenario should have important and positive 
repercussions on activities in the years to come. Real Estate activity maintained the business 
levels recorded in the previous two-year period, thanks to the continuing interest that 
institutional, and international, operators continue to have in areas in which the Bank boasts 
consolidated expertise. Over 200 structured finance transactions were concluded in 2022, for a

--- Page 238 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
238 
 
 
 
total resolved amount of around 8 billion. Of these, around 100 transactions (for over 5 billion 
in loans subscribed), relate to Corporate Lending. This is followed, in terms of number and 
relative volumes, by Leverage transactions (50 transactions for around 1 billion), Real Estate 
transactions (over 40 transactions, for around 1 billion) and lastly Project Finance transactions 
(approximately 20 for a total of around 900 million), thus confirming the role of Structured 
Finance as an important driver for the development of relations with the Group's most dynamic 
and sophisticated customers. 
Foreign operations and trade finance  
In a context of economic growth, but also of unprecedented complexity (the Russia-Ukraine 
war, shortages of raw materials, the euro/dollar trend), activities related to internationalisation 
processes and the promotion of imports/exports recorded significant growth in 2022. In 
particular, the first part of the year, characterised by the start of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, 
entailed the structure making considerable efforts to support customers and the Network in 
managing contracts (with related transactional flows) underway in the countries affected by the 
new penalty mechanism.  
Dedicated network and foreign goods unit  
Despite the complexity of the situation, 2022 maintained a positive trend in international trade 
and the dedicated Foreign Operations and Trade Finance unit was able to exploit this growth, 
significant increasing its market share, above all in terms of exports, and providing constant 
and proactive support to its customers. This support was provided through the dedicated 
commercial network, made up of more than 60 reference specialists across Italy, who have 
superior technical and commercial skills and are, therefore, able to best support companies in 
their internationalisation activities. Of the joint initiatives set in place, to maximise its presence 
for customers belonging to leading export sectors (plant and machinery, mechanics), meetings 
were organised that involved foreign specialists and colleagues from Trade & Export Credit 
with a view to informing and training customers on the Supplier's Credit instrument, enriched, 
in the last part of the year, by the possibility of discounting bills backed by a policy issued by 
Euler Hermes, as well as by SACE. In addition, in terms of operational support, the Group also 
has foreign-goods units located throughout the country, more specifically in Milan, Legnano, 
Verona, Modena, Bergamo and Lucca. In particular, the above units handle operations relating 
to documentary credits and documented remittances, while those regarding international 
guarantees are handled centrally by a dedicated unit called CUGI and based in Milan. The 
common objective is to provide customers with a high-added value service that guarantees 
consistent returns in terms of commission income, while at the same time carefully and 
promptly monitoring the considerable technical-operational risks. Overall, the Operations unit 
currently has about 100 members of staff and manages foreign documentary transactions, as 
illustrated above, with the exclusion of electronic receipts and direct remittances (i.e. the open 
account area).  
Financial Institutions  
In the third quarter of 2022, the Financial Institutions Group (F.I.G.) returned to making regular 
trips abroad after a two-year suspension due to the constraints imposed by the health 
emergency, continuing to oversee the main foreign markets with the primary purpose of 
guaranteeing adequate credit lines to support customers’ import and export business. To 
support the export business, adequate trade credit lines have been implemented and renewed, 
both ongoing and temporary, for foreign banks; with regard to imports, the F.I.G. was able to 
preserve existing credit lines and implement new ones due to the targeted trips made in the

--- Page 239 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
239 
 
 
 
latter part of the year in the three main Asian countries of interest to customers, and by 
maintaining regular contact with foreign correspondent banks, through videocalls. For the 
purpose of providing suitable coverage for Trade Finance operations with Countries/Banks 
considered risky or problematic, the Financial Institutions Group renewed its participation in 
the respective trade facilitation programmes of the main supranational banks: EBRD, IFC, 
ADB. By managing the foreign Representative Offices in Mumbai and Hong Kong, the unit 
has helped customers who operate, or intend to operate, in the areas of responsibility of these 
offices.  
Foreign Products and Services  
In 2022, Banco BPM continued to provide assistance to companies operating in foreign 
markets, responding to the changed financial requirements of business operators by working 
with institutional entities and implementing the measures set in place by the Government to 
provide financial support to Italian exports. In line with the growing importance of offering a 
range of digital services, in 2022, Banco BPM continued its integration of new cutting-edge 
channels, with both information and order functions, addressed to companies that work with or 
intend to work with firms abroad. More specifically, the “BancoBPM Trade World - your ally 
abroad” channel allows access to international markets and contact with selected commercial 
partners, thanks to the YouWorld and YouLounge platforms: 
YouWorld is the information platform to support foreign trade, which provides details of 
potential suppliers or foreign customers organised by country, type of good or services handled. 
A total of around 900 companies were using the service at December 2022;  
YouLounge is the B2B platform to promote its own products/services through a virtual 
showcase, accessible through Banco BPM's e-banking. Together with a further 12 leading 
international partner banks, it participates in the Trade Club Alliance which covers 60 countries 
and includes over 23,100 selected companies worldwide. As at December 2022, over 1,500 
corporate customers utilised YouLounge.  
With regard to Foreign operations, the digital offer is completed by a third-party portal, 
YouTrade Finance, which enables goods operations to be managed online (international 
guarantees - already operational, documentary credits, operational for the import phase), 
simplifying and optimising the bank-customer relationship, and able to guarantee maximum 
safety (i.e. the use of digital signatures) through guided procedures. Approximately 500 
customers use the service.  
Agreements with leading institutions  
In order to expand the support to customers that operate in the complex field of 
internationalisation, Banco BPM has joined numerous associations through its managers 
specialised in Foreign Operations and Trade Finance, or has agreements in place with leading 
institutions (including ICC Italia International Chamber of Commerce, Credimpex Italia, De 
International Italia and SACE) aimed at offering customers professional support based on in-
depth knowledge of regulatory techniques and methods, instruments and rules relating to the 
world of international trade. Regarding relations with the Chambers of commerce, in 2022 
Banco BPM maintained its collaboration with the German-Italian Chamber of Commerce 
(CCIG), the Russian-Italian Chamber of Commerce, as well as with DE International Italia. 
This company, which belongs to the CCIG, offers a wide range of services for the 
internationalisation and promotion of forms of cooperation (business days, B2B meetings

--- Page 240 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
240 
 
 
 
between Bank customers and foreign operators) with a particular focus on the German area, a 
region of Europe of particular interest for exporting Italian companies. 
Trade and Export Finance  
The Trade and Export Finance unit encompasses all export finance activities with the support 
of SACE/SIMEST, the Group’s international structured finance and Export Finance 
transactions and Trade Finance transactions such as supplier's credit. In 2022, development 
continued of buyer's credit transactions with SACE, SACE Push strategy and of supplier's 
credit with SACE coverage, and several important international transactions were concluded, 
both as regards export finance and commodity finance and international corporate, creating 
new trade relations and consolidating existing relations with industrial groups active in the US, 
Chinese, Swiss, Belgian and German markets. An important area of development during the 
year was the support provided to global energy traders who, due to the diversification of the 
sources needed by Italy, find themselves working more intensively with Italy. The focus in the 
SACE and ECA area was characterised by the expansion of relations with major Italian 
exporters, SACE, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti, international banks and international corporations. 
Also in 2022, the sector in question participated in some financing operations with EU green 
taxonomy and green KPIs. The development of relations with international corporations is 
always highly selective and aimed at creating the greatest number of commercial opportunities 
for the corporate network and investment banking. Particular focus is dedicated to the major 
players in the energy transition. The average size of supplier's credit transactions grew 
considerably, as did the activity in international guarantees with SACE coverage. Since the 
beginning of its activity, 25 international financing transactions have been concluded, mostly 
with senior roles. 
Sustainable finance culture and ESG training initiatives for customers  
In 2022, Banco BPM confirmed its support for companies that intend to launch or develop their 
own path towards the green transition, not only through dedicated financing solutions, as 
illustrated above, but also by promoting awareness and knowledge of the opportunities 
available. In order to actively spread a 360-degree ESG culture and encourage customers to 
reflect on the impacts of a correct ESG approach, in 2022 training meetings (webinars) 
dedicated to Corporate customers were held, which involved highly qualified technical 
partners, external to the Bank. 
Institutional 
The “Institutional” segment includes the management and marketing of banking and financing 
products/services and loan brokering, which are mainly aimed at bodies and institutions (UCIT 
units, SICAVs, insurance companies, pension funds and banking foundations). Those activities 
are conducted in an equal amount by the Commercial Network of the Parent Company, for 
“local institutional” counterparties, and by specialised branches, for “systemically-important 
institutional” counterparties. 
Institutional counterparties are the main supervised entities such as insurance companies, non-
banking finance companies, SGRs, “società di intermediazione mobiliare” (“SIMs”), open and 
closed-end mutual funds, banking foundations, social security and welfare funds and pension 
funds. Furthermore, institutional counterparties include the state, constitutional bodies, the 
central state bodies and some companies in which the central public administration has a stake, 
as well as regional authorities, healthcare organisations, hospitals and large municipalities.

--- Page 241 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
241 
 
 
 
Relations with the Institutional counterparties are monitored through a complete service model, 
which includes managers and specialised employees and a dedicated branch. 
With a view to achieving greater efficiency in the management of relationships, the Group’s 
services have been harmonised and commercial partnerships have been developed with Banca 
Akros and Banca Aletti to provide a more comprehensive and specialised range of services. In 
2022, activities related to securitisations continued, within which Banca Akros acted as 
arranger and institutional customers as purchasers of the senior notes, thus implementing a path 
complementary to the more traditional one of direct loans, to support the real economy. 
Particular attention was paid to the financial support of companies associated with the MEF 
(Ministry of the Economy and Finance) that operate in the energy sector (i.e. Gestore Mercati 
Energetici (Energy Markets Authority) and Gestore Servizi Energetici (Energy Services 
Authority), providing them with financial support to sustain the Government’s energy policies. 
Commercial partnership with allies external to the Group 
The Institutional function is also tasked with supervising and coordinating the unit dedicated 
to centrally managing commercial alliances with partners external to the Banco BPM Group. 
These alliances are governed by specific commercial partnership agreements, which envisage 
a range of products addressed exclusively to the customers of the external alliance, through a 
dual distribution channel: 
 
“off-site” offer, through external financial advisors; 
 
“on-site” offer, through dedicated branches, in the financial shops of the commercial ally. 
Centralised commercial management takes the form of a dedicated unit, included within the 
Institutional customers, Entities and Third Sector Function, which has 17 branches spread 
across Italy.  
Thanks to a direct supervision through a wholly dedicated unit, the Group is able to 
continuously update agreements in light of any legislative changes, to obtain a better 
economic return and to carefully monitor operational risks especially with regards to anti-
money laundering legislation. 
The market for the off-site offer of banking products and services outside the Group through 
the networks of financial advisors belonging to groups that do not have banks within their 
perimeter represents an area with strong potential for the Group, especially in light of the 
organisational model specifically adopted and the know-how acquired to date by Banco 
BPM. 
Entities and Public Administration  
Pursuant to EU Regulation 549/2013 on the European System of National and Regional 
Accounts, entities and public administration, or also public sector customers consist of: 
 
Public administrations, which in turn include central administrations (state and 
constitutional bodies, ministries and their departments, etc.), territorial administrations 
(regions 
and 
autonomous 
provinces), 
local 
administrations 
(provinces 
and 
municipalities) and Social Security and National Insurance entities; 
 
Public Companies, namely parties that produce goods and/or services for sale, or which 
are a public corporation, or which are controlled directly or indirectly by the Public 
Administrations, under specific laws, decrees or regulations.

--- Page 242 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
242 
 
 
 
The Public Sector function is responsible for managing the segment from a commercial, 
regulatory and administrative perspective. The activity, in relation to the acquisition of 
relationships and the management of the Public Administration, is conducted with particular 
focus on the commitments and critical issues that arise, on the limitations of operational risks, 
of image, of credit and from a commercial perspective. 
Banco BPM holds UNI EN ISO 9001:2015 quality certification for the management of treasury 
and cash services and loans to the Public Administration. 
Third-Sector and Religious Entities 
Third sector and Religious entities are represented by Third Sector Entities (TSE) enrolled in 
the new RUNTS (Single National Register of the Third Sector) and non- profit non-enrolled 
entities, amateur sports associations, Federations recognised by Coni, as well as dioceses, 
parishes, congregations and religious orders. The segment also includes trade unions and 
political parties.  
The regulatory framework of the Third Sector has recently changed and is constantly evolving. 
At the beginning of the year 2022, in fact, various activities related to the census of third sector 
entities were implemented, to capture all the peculiarities of the TSE and, from December 2022, 
a new section was implemented in the procedure for the internal management of customer 
records, which enables all the essential characteristics of this rapidly evolving customer 
segment to be recorded, tracked and monitored over time. 
The third sector represents a “central” customer segment in terms of interest in ESG issues, 
and Banco BPM has strengthened its sales efforts towards these customers through a dedicated 
unit, with specialists in each geographical area of action of Banco BPM.  
The commercial initiatives for 2022 included: 
 
economic support measures for investments relating to the NRRP, in social and 
ecological transition, and in post-pandemic support by granting new loans for liquidity 
needs triggered first by the pandemic and, subsequently, by the energy and inflation 
crisis, exacerbated by the war in Ukraine;  
 
the collaboration with KPMG for a study on social impact banking, to finalise activities 
concerning the new metrics for measuring the social value of investments, according to 
ESG logic;  
 
the granting of a new loan for social impact projects (so-called Social bonds);  
 
the management and monitoring of activities relating to the Third Sector Portal, launched 
in 2021 and dedicated to customers in this segment, which is directly linked to Banco 
BPM’s institutional website (https://www.bancobpm.it/terzo-settore/). Through this site, 
customers can contact the dedicated specialist office, which provides advice and 
facilitates opening new accounts;  
 
the sponsorship of the third edition of the “Cantieri Viceversa” laboratory, organised by 
the National Forum of the Third Sector, to ensure the matching of the demand for and 
the supply of funds between Third Sector entities. 
Private 
The “Private” segment includes the management and marketing of banking and financial 
products/services and loan brokering, which are mainly aimed at private customers with assets 
that, individually and/or within their business, amount to at least Euro 1 million. These 
activities are carried out by Banca Aletti.

--- Page 243 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
243 
 
 
 
To support development activities, in line with the strategy of previous years, efforts were 
made, in concert with Banco BPM, to create opportunities to meet potential customers through 
several local events. 
During the first half of 2022, the new territorial model of the Private Banking Network was 
created in Banca Aletti, which led to the definition of 7 Areas, with 30 associated Branches 
and 22 remote branches. In line with Banco BPM’s strategic plan, which envisages an 
increasingly pervasive approach to cross selling, 2022 saw the launch on a national scale of the 
new model for synergy with the Corporate and Business world.  
During the second and third quarters of 2022, all partnerships in the area were activated, with 
the presence of Private Branches, Corporate Centres and Business Centres. This activity was 
accompanied by structured collaboration with the Investment Banking division of Banca 
Akros. The set of activities made a significant contribution to the collection of new assets and 
to the extension of the customer base. 
Investment Banking 
The “Investment Banking” segment includes the structuring of financial products, access to 
regulated markets, and the support and development of specialised financial services. These 
activities are carried out by Banca Akros and by Oaklins Italy S.r.l., fully owned by Banca 
Akros. 
Corporate & Investment Products 
This division has four departments: investment products, corporate sales, debt capital markets 
and securitisation & structured solutions. This division ensures the development of an 
integrated offer to customers of Banca Akros products and services, in coordination with Banco 
BPM.  
 Banca Akros signed an important partnership with the European Investment Fund (EIF) to 
promote their “closed-end” fund AMUF, exclusively for Italy, with institutional investors.   
Trading and market making activities on own account 
The Group carries out market making and trading on own account in government bonds and 
securities, interest rates, exchange rates, shares and other financial derivatives, over-the-
counter market making on Government securities and bonds and market making on stock 
options and future stocks. It also executes transactions with professional customers and 
qualified counterparties in repurchase agreements and securities lending on bonds and shares. 
Brokerage activities 
Banca Akros engages in equity trading on behalf of third parties on stock exchanges and on 
MTFs and also bond trading. 
Corporate Finance 
Banca Akros offers a wide range of financial advisory services in the M&A area (i.e. sellside 
mandates, buyside mandates, fairness opinions, etc) to a diversified customer base including 
private equity investors, corporates and families. 
Banca Akros manages equity capital markets transactions, including capital increases of 
companies and banks. It also coordinates public bids and acts as Sponsor for market segments 
upgrades or/and in relation to demergers and listings.

--- Page 244 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
244 
 
 
 
Cross Asset Products & Solutions 
Banca Akros has a team of professionals with a cross asset products expertise for Financial 
Institutions, that covers worldwide accounts and offers a wide range of products, combining 
three main segments: Flow, Solutions and Investments. Flow: encompasses the distribution of 
a universe of debt products, from liquid public bonds issued by corporate and financial 
institutions across the capital structure to tailor-made privately placed ones. Solutions: 
embraces financing, yield enhancements strategies as well as hedging products and strategic 
trades. Investments: includes a variety of payoff from Fixed Income to Interest Rate & FX 
Linked Notes, Equity Linked Notes as well as Capital Guaranteed products.  
The aim of the team is to develop and distribute value-added products as well as tailor-made 
solutions to non-captive clients in order to satisfy their evolving needs as well as market trends 
leveraging on synergies across the Group. 
Insurance 
The Insurance sector is the segment in which the contributions to the consolidated financial 
statements of the interests held in Banco BPM Vita, Banco BPM Assicurazioni, Vera Vita and 
Vera Assicurazioni converge. As from 1 July 2022, Banco BPM Vita and Banco BPM 
Assicurazioni have been consolidated on a line-by-line basis following the acquisition of 
control of such companies. 
Strategic Partnerships 
The “Strategic Partnerships” segment includes the contribution of shares held in Agos Ducato, 
Alba Leasing, Selmabipiemme Leasing, Gardant Liberty Servicing and Anima Holding. 
Corporate Centre 
The “Corporate Centre” segment, in addition to governance and support functions, includes the 
portfolio of owned securities, the treasury and the Group’s asset and liability management, the 
stock of bond issues placed on institutional markets, the activities relating to the Group's leasing 
business, equity investments not allocated between Strategic Partnerships and companies 
operating in the real estate sector.  
Finance 
Banco BPM is the centre of coordination and oversight for the management policies of the 
structural items of the Group’s own assets and liabilities and those of the other Group 
companies, geared towards optimising the available capital, identifying appropriate operations 
and funding strategies for the Group, through actions on domestic and international markets, 
as well as controlling liquidity needs and their dynamics, and also managing the securities 
portfolios and other financial instruments owned by the Group. 
The operations of Group Finance are divided into the following operating units: Funding and 
Capital Management, Banking Book and ALM, Trading and Funds and Group Treasury.  
Funding and Capital Management 
Funding and Capital Management is responsible for the funding of the Group and manages its 
EMTN and covered bond programmes. It also arranges medium/long-term bilateral financing 
transactions with various market counterparties.

--- Page 245 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
245 
 
 
 
ALM and Investments 
The management of interest rate risk in the banking book is carried out centrally within a 
specific delegated department, and the primary objective of management decisions is to 
mitigate the rebalancing of the dynamics of economic value volatility with the volatility of 
interest margin as the rate curve changes of monetary and financial market in general, in 
accordance with the provisions of specific regulations (BCBS, EBA and the Bank of Italy). 
The Group utilises an integrated Asset Liability Management (ALM) system with the aim of 
calculating the risk measurements that also include the use of behavioural models and 
measures, and management is primarily based around a “natural hedge” model, which tends to 
pursue a natural compensation of the risks generated by the gaps in liabilities and assets. The 
items in which the hedges are present are mainly demand items, bond issues, mortgages and 
the securities portfolio. 
Group Treasury 
The achievement of Banco BPM’s objectives in terms of short-term liquidity coverage 
indicators (Liquidity Coverage Ratio), both for the Group as a whole and for its individual legal 
entities, has led to the deployment of effective synergies with the other organisational units 
involved (specifically, Collateral Management and Liquidity Risk). 
Funding on the money markets is intended to optimise available collateral and reduce the cost 
of financing by seeking the best conditions and greater diversification of sources of funding 
both in euro and in foreign currencies. 
Fund management 
The Corporate Centre segment also comprises the activities relating to Banca Aletti’s portfolio 
management, whose net fee and commission income from trading and performance, based on 
a logic of allocating resources to the different segments, and analysing the relative 
performances defined by the Group, is not allocated to the Private Banking Network.  
With reference to the assets managed, the investments made were characterised by a reduction 
in the equity component in the first months of the year, underweight, down compared to the 
initial overweight; subsequently, the proportion of this asset class was reduced as the 
macroeconomic, monetary and financial conditions changed towards more restrictive attitudes. 
The average duration of the bond portfolio was kept constantly underweight, given the 
restrictive monetary policies put in place and planned by the Central Banks due to the 
significant rise in inflation.  
In the second part of the year, after maintaining a high level of liquidity to protect assets, steps 
were taken to invest what was available in government bonds with short-term maturities, with 
decidedly positive nominal rates of return. Investments in the corporate bond markets were 
maintained in an underweight position, given the deterioration of macroeconomic aggregates 
and due to the sensitivity of the asset class to a rise in official rates. Investments in financial 
assets exposed to exchange rate risk were kept close to neutral, with a main focus on the US 
dollar, which during the year appreciated significantly for various reasons, including the ability 
to generate higher returns, and by virtue of its status as a safe haven currency. 
As at 31 December 2022, assets under management totalled Euro 3.2 billion, as compared to 
the Euro 3.5 billion recorded in 2021.

--- Page 246 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
246 
 
 
 
Leases 
Starting from financial year 2022, “Leases” are no longer shown as an “operating segment” 
used as a benchmark to analyse performance and to prepare disclosures pursuant to accounting 
standard IFRS 8. The economic contribution of Leases was therefore included in the 
“Corporate Centre” segment, albeit subject to continuous internal monitoring, given the size of 
the managed portfolio as at 31 December 2022, equal to approximately Euro 1.1 billion gross. 
The portfolio of the Leases segment, managed in run-off, as there is no provision for the 
stipulation of new transactions or the disbursement of new loans on those in effect, includes 
the assets relating to the contracts of the former Banca Italease and the former Release, both 
merged into Banco BPM. 
During the year the segment in question underwent a restructuring of credit exposures 
attributable to a leading real estate group (known as “Project Wolf”), aimed at pursuing active 
management of the properties underlying the aforementioned exposures, with the support of a 
specialised partner, Aurora Recovery Capital S.p.A. (AREC) and the arrival of new funds 
provided by third-party investors to finance the development of real estate. In particular, the 
transaction envisaged the sale of loans, for a gross value of 461.1 million, to the special purpose 
entity for securitisation Lilium SPV, as well as the transfer of lease contracts and related 
properties to a LeaseCo (Ninfa LeaseCo S.r.l.). 
Real estate segment 
Real estate activity involves the management of the Group’s capital assets and the development 
and potential disposal of the non-operating assets. Following the incorporation of the 
subsidiaries Bipielle Real Estate and Release into the Parent Company during the year, the 
reorganisation of the real estate segment was completed. In 2022 the Group focused on 
increasing the efficiency of the spaces occupied and reducing their management costs, 
continuing with the market rationalisation plan that envisages the release of third-party 
properties and/or empty or only partially occupied ones. 
Environmental, Social and Governance Matters 
The Group aims to ensure that its development is sustainable over the long-term and compatible 
with the interest of all its stakeholders. For this purpose, environmental, social and governance 
(“ESG”) matters are increasingly incorporated within its business model, operations and 
processes. 
Sustainability Governance 
The Group’s sustainability governance encompasses the following bodies: 
- 
Board of Directors, which defines the management and coordination policies regarding 
non-financial disclosure, the socio-environmental policies and approves annually the 
Group’s non-financial statement and the associated materiality analysis. One member of 
the Board of Directors is designated as “contact person for ESG issues” for the Control, 
Risks & Sustainability Committee; 
- 
Control, Risks & Sustainability Committee, which supervises sustainability issues as well 
as – including through the Director delegated by the Committee itself on ESG, 
“sustainability and social responsibility” issues – the activities connected with the 
drafting of the Group’s non-financial statement.

--- Page 247 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
247 
 
 
 
- 
Environmental, Social and Governance Management Committee, established by the 
Board of Directors, is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and comprises the two Co-
General Managers and several other managers of the Group among its permanent 
members. Its main tasks include evaluating the Group’s positioning and coordinating all 
the activities required to achieve the strategic sustainability objectives; 
- 
ESG Operational Committee, reports directly to the ESG Committee and operates with 
the aim of strengthening and implementing the integration of sustainability within the 
Group’s business and coordinating the various activities; 
- 
The Sustainability Structure, has the objective of overseeing and giving greater impetus 
to all the Group’s ESG activities and ensuring their disclosure to all stakeholders. 
ESG Strategy 
In 2021, under the leadership of the ESG Committee and in light of an analysis of regulatory 
requirements, but also expectations of the financial market and best practices of national and 
international competitors, the Group reviewed its strategic ambition and launched an internal 
assessment intended to involve all of the Group’s units in a significant process of sustainability. 
In February 2021, the Group identified the following seven areas of activities and related 32 
projects (involving 12 Group’s units and more than 50 dedicated employees), which will aim 
to strengthen and achieve the integration of sustainability within the Group’s activities and 
business: 
- 
Governance: (i) review of internal ESG policies, (ii) expansion of ESG key performance 
indicators integration in management remuneration policies and (iii) appointment of ESG 
Ambassadors in the various corporate departments; 
- 
People: (i) focus on integration and diversity, and in particular on female empowerment, 
with a target to achieve more than 33% of women in managerial positions in 2023 and 
(ii) extension of ESG training pans; 
- 
Risk & Credit: (i) integrate climate-related and environmental topics within the risk and 
lending processes, (ii) development of portfolio transparency exercises to measure 
climate-related risks in key sectors and geographies and (iii) conducting specific climate 
risk stress tests and scenario analyses which also consider the Paris Agreement; 
- 
Customers – Business: (i) supporting the green transition process and (ii) developing 
customer engagement skills on ESG issues; 
- 
Customers – Wealth Management: (i) development of ESG investment product offerings 
and appropriate disclosure to customers, (ii) integration of ESG considerations into 
product selection and advisory activities and (iii) reporting to customers on the effects of 
their investments on sustainability risks and objectives; 
- 
Environment: continue the reduction of environmental impacts in order to achieve carbon 
neutrality (with respect to scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions) in 2023; and 
- 
Stakeholder engagement and measurement: (i) analysis and selection of international 
sustainability initiatives in line with the Group's values, policies and objectives, (ii) 
definition of metrics for measuring the indirect impacts of the Group’s funding and (iii) 
development of disclosure in line with industry best practices; 
Main actions taken by the Group

--- Page 248 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
248 
 
 
 
The main actions taken by the Group with respect to its ESG strategy relate to four main areas: 
(i) customers, (ii) local communities, (iii) human resources and (iv) environment. Such actions 
are linked to specific United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals. 
Customers 
The Group developed the following commercial initiatives to support its customers while 
aiming to protect the environment: 
 
offering of loans to enterprises operating in green and low-risk transition sectors, with 
Euro 10.3 billion in new green disbursements, or 55.6% of disbursements 2022; 
 
offering of green mortgages with the aim of favoring the energy efficiency of buildings, 
with Euro 620 billion in green residential mortgages during 2022; 
 
purchases of tax credits related to energy requalification and seismic risk reduction, with 
Euro 1.52 billion in tax credits purchased; 
Local Communities 
The close relationship with the Group’s communities and territory is one of the most important 
assets and is further developed mainly through: 
 
supporting initiatives in the fields of art and culture, solidarity and social, sports, 
educational and training, research and health, environment and the region fields, 
leveraging on the seven foundations established by the Group; and 
 
offering products and services in favor of non-profit organizations. 
Additionally, in 2022 the Group contributed approximately Euro 5.6 million to trade 
associations, organisations involved in financial activity and training, culture and promotion of 
social responsibility. 
Human Resources 
The Group launched a programme dedicated to women, to encourage the development of 
managers and professionals through training courses, mentoring and coaching, managerial 
activities, shadowing and job rotation, which enable them to gain extensive experience and 
integrate the know-how acquired in their professional career, with personalised paths that 
reflect the individual’s aspirations and potential. 
Environment 
The Group aims to safeguard the environment by reducing the impact of its activities, mainly 
through: 
 
energy management activities: in 2022, ther Group reduced its total energy consumption 
by 12% with respect to 2021 In addition, 100% of the electricity consumed was generated 
from certified renewable sources (Guarantee of Origin GO), avoiding the emission of 
approximately 25,800 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions, resulting in a 
reduction of energy consumption and carbon dioxide emissions; 
 
corporate mobility: the management of the company fleet is based on precise criteria of 
use aimed at promoting environmentally friendly practices (car pooling, replacement of 
the company fleet and improvement of the video-conference system);

--- Page 249 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
249 
 
 
 
 
focus on consumables, waste disposal and recycling: procurement of recycled and Blue 
Angel certified paper (Blue Angel certification guarantees that the materials produced 
are completely free of polluting whitening substances with a PCF Process Chlorine Free 
certified); predominant use of regenerated toner; 
 
prevention of crimes committed in violation of environmental protection legislation: the 
investment properties of the Group are carefully managed in order to avoid the 
commission of crimes in violation of the environmental protection legislation; 
 
Net Zero Banking Alliance: in March 2023 Banco BPM resolved to join the Net Zero 
Banking Alliance (NZBA), thus requiring the aligningment of the Bank’s credit and 
investment portfolio to achieve net zero emissions by 2050, in line with the targets set by 
the Paris Climate Agreement. The decision to join NZBA followed a careful analysis and 
evaluation, which led to the identification of five priority areas for target communication 
within 18 months of membership (namely, oil & gas, power generation, cement, 
automotive and coal).. 
Risk Management 
In line with regulatory requirements, the Banco BPM Group has adopted a unitary system of 
risk measurement and control which will be run centrally by Banco BPM. 
Within the Banco BPM Group, the Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) permits the Group to 
manage risk profiles in a comprehensive and integrated way. The RAF is deemed as a strategic 
tool to define in advance how much risk the Bank is willing to take pursuing its strategic 
objectives. 
The framework of risk appetite is developed taking into account the business model adopted 
by Banco BPM and affects all its main internal processes, playing an important role in 
managing the Bank in a sound and prudent way. 
The RAF sets out, in line with the business model and strategic plan, maximum permissible 
risks, the Bank’s attitude to risk, risk thresholds and limits, risk management policies and the 
relevant processes required to define and implement them in accordance with the requirements 
of applicable prudential banking regulations. 
The “Risk Management” division is responsible for these activities and has responsibility for 
overseeing the processes required to identify, quantify, monitor, manage and report the risks to 
which the Banco BPM Group is or may be exposed, under business as usual and stressed 
conditions, in line with the strategies and policies of the Banco BPM Group’s corporate bodies. 
In pursuance of the main objective of guaranteeing sound and prudent risk management, the 
Banco BPM Group’s risk management strategy is based on organisational oversight, adequate 
risk qualification and management, asset coverage, a comprehensive system of values and 
business incentives and a suitably effective and efficient organisational model, with the aim of 
minimizing the impacts on risk profile also through a risk mitigation and transferring strategy, 
protecting the Issuer’s asset and financial base and preserving the reputation of the Banco BPM 
Group. 
Between the end of the second and the first half of the third quarter of 2022, the process of 
updating Risk Identification was completed. The new elements compared to 2021 include: (i)

--- Page 250 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
250 
 
 
 
the extension of the Risk Identification process to the insurance companies Banco BPM Vita 
and Banco BPM Assicurazioni; (ii) the definition of specific risk factors for ESG issues and 
for the insurance business; (iii) in the ESG area, the breakdown between climate-related issues 
and those of governance and social sustainability. 
Inspection activities and proceedings conducted by the ECB, Bank of Italy and CONSOB 
on Banco BPM S.p.A. 
As regards targeted inspections and proceedings, Banco BPM was subject to a number of 
inspections and proceedings from 2017 to 2022. At the date of this Prospectus, as illustrated in 
detail below, several inspections are still underway or are pending receipt of the “Final follow 
up letters” or the “Final Decision”. 
In particular: 
 
in a letter dated 15 December 2022, the ECB announced the start of an inspection (OSI-
2022-ITBPM-0220761) to assess cybersecurity risk management. The inspection, which 
started on 30 January 2023, is currently ongoing and is being conducted in a hybrid (on-
site/off-site) manner; 
 
in a letter dated 3 October 2022, the Bank of Italy announced the start of an inspection to 
verify the compliance of the automatic cash recirculation devices at some branches in the 
Sicily region. The inspection started on 18 October 2022 and ended on 26 October 2022; 
 
in a communication dated 17 August 2022, the ECB announced an "IMI" on-site 
inspection to assess the material change to the IRC methodology model, for which Banco 
BPM (also for Banca Akros) submitted a request for a material change to the IRC 
(Incremental Risk Charge) market risk parameter calculation methodology model for the 
completion of the IMI_2019_ITBPM_4145 inspection action plan. The inspection 
commenced on 5 September 2022 and was completed on 28 October 2022. On 11 January 
2023, the Bank received the final IMI decision approving the requested change, allowing 
the removal of the add-on to the IRC and requiring two corrective actions of limited 
scope, which are currently underway;  
 
in a letter dated 10 August 2022, the ECB announced the start of an on-site inspection 
(OSI-2022-ITBPM-0198569) on credit and counterparty risk, with the objective of 
assessing the compliance of the framework for the implementation of IFRS9 and 
reviewing the overall credit risk management arrangements (policies, methodologies, 
procedures and governance) with respect to specifically identified asset portfolios subject 
to a credit quality review. The inspection started on 17 October 2022 and ended on 17 
February 2023. The Bank is waiting to receive the inspection report to be followed by 
the ECB’s final decision; 
 
in a letter dated 8 June 2022, the ECB announced the start of an on-site capital adequacy 
inspection (OSI-2022-ITBPM-0197382) to assess the management of the ICAAP. The 
inspection started on 26 September 2022 and ended on 24 November 2022. On 28 March 
2023, the Bank received the inspection report and is waiting to receive the ECB’s final 
decision; 
 
in a letter dated 20 December 2021, ECB announced the beginning of an off-site 
inspection (IMI-2021-ITBPM-0180439) on internal models relating to credit risk for the 
following exposure classes: Corporate - Other; Corporate - SME; Retail - Other non-

--- Page 251 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
251 
 
 
 
SME; Retail - Other SME; Retail - Qualifying revolving; Retail - Secured by real estate 
non-SME; Retail - Secured by real estate SME. The inspection follows an application 
made by Banco BPM to ECB for material changes to the internal models used to calculate 
capital requirements for credit risk, made also following the transposition of the EBA 
Guidelines on the topic, which became effective on 1 January 2022. The above-
mentioned inspection started on 14 February 2022 and ended on 20 May 2022. On 18 
November 2022, the Bank received the inspection report and is waiting to receive the 
ECB’s final decision; 
 
in a letter dated 11 November 2021, Bank of Italy announced the beginning of an off-site 
inspection as regards transparency, with a view to assessing fulfilment of the obligations 
deriving from the implementing provisions of Directive 2014/92/EU, the “Payment 
Accounts Directive”. The off-site inspection started on 11 November 2021, and from 22 
November 2021 it continued as an on-site at several branches and it concluded at the end 
of January 2022. On 27 June 2022, Banco BPM received the results of the inspection, 
which revealed anomalies relating to issues important for the protection of customers and 
requiring corrective action, some of which is restorative in nature. On 21 October 2022, 
Banco BPM submitted its corrective action plan to the Bank of Italy, which is currently 
being implemented; 
 
in a letter dated 1 October 2021, Bank of Italy announced the beginning of an on-site 
inspection regarding the prevention of money laundering, with a view to confirming 
compliance with the obligations envisaged by Legislative Decree no. 231/2007, also 
through an assessment of the legislative, procedural and control structure in a single 
branch (Verona): the inspection phase (initially on-site) which started on 4 October 2021, 
it completed off-site on 21 December 2021. On 18 August 2022, Banco BPM received 
the results of the inspection, which highlighted certain weaknesses in the area of due 
diligence and in the active cooperation process with regard to the management of 
relationships with the cooperative companies under investigation. On 29 December 2022, 
Banco BPM sent the corrective action plan, which is currently being implemented; 
 
in a letter dated 2 September 2021, ECB announced the beginning of an on-site inspection 
(OSI-2021- ITBPM-0177592) to assess the adequacy of the first pillar capital 
requirement calculation, including all accessory aspects; the on-site phase started on 25 
October 2021 and ended on 23 December 2021. On 4 August 2022, Banco BPM received 
the final follow-up letter and on 30 September 2022 submitted the corresponding 
corrective action plan, which is currently being implemented; 
 
in a letter dated 23 March 2021, ECB announced the beginning of an inspection (OSI-
2021- ITBPM-0180228) entitled “Credit and counterparty risk - Credit Quality Review 
of CRE portfolio and assess selected credit risk processes” with the objective of 
reviewing the asset quality of the Commercial Real Estate (CRE) portfolio and assessing 
the credit risk management processes and the control and governance systems. The off-
site phase started on 26 April 2021 and ended on 5 November 2021. The analysis focused 
on how credit risk was managed in relation to the portfolio under review, in particular the 
criteria for granting new loans and forbearance measures for perimeter exposures, the 
identification of specialised loan categories, the quality of appraisals, the process for 
classifying and valuing real estate and foreclosed assets, and the rules in place in this 
regard. On 29 July 2022, Banco BPM received the final report (dated 26 July 2022),

--- Page 252 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
252 
 
 
 
which identified areas for improvement in this respect; on 7 February 2023, the ECB sent 
the draft decision with proposed recommendations and qualitative requirements, 
including in relation to the portfolio under review; The Bank submitted its comments on 
the draft decision on 15 March 2023 and received the final decision on 21 April 2023. 
This final decision contains “requirements” and “recommendations” of a qualitative 
nature, mostly related to organisational measures and concerning the commercial real 
estate lending and monitoring process, the framework for the valuation of commercial 
real estate collateral and the internal control and credit risk management system related 
to commercial real estate lending. 
In particular, with regard to commercial real estate exposures, the ECB requested in the 
final decision that the Bank strengthen its decision-making process for the granting and 
monitoring of loans, ensure appropriate prudential treatment of specialised lending and 
speculative lending exposures, and update its procedures to provide a more complete and 
up-to-date information framework for valuers performing property valuations. In 
addition, the Bank was requested to revise the indicators of probable default for CRE 
counterparties, to strengthen the internal control framework for perimeter portfolios and 
to supplement the internal rules for the management and monitoring of these exposures.  
The plan to implement actions to meet the ECB's requirements, approved by the Bank's 
Board of Directors on 29 May 2023, includes 16 remedial actions with varying timelines 
that have already been planned and/or initiated and, in some cases, completed. The plan 
as a whole will be completed by December 2024; 
 
 
in a letter dated 12 August 2020, ECB announced the beginning of an off-site inspection 
with the purpose to assess the institution’s application for the approval of a new definition 
of prudential classification of default (constituting a material change to the estimate of 
Credit risk under Delegated Regulation (EU) 529/14) (IMI-2020- ITBPM-4738); the off-
site phase started on 14 September 2020 and ended on 13 November 2020. Banco BPM 
received the final decision on 7 May 2021 and on 15 June 2021 sent the corrective action 
plan, which is currently under way; 
 
in a letter dated 26 September 2019, ECB announced the beginning of an on-site 
inspection with the purpose of assessing the “approval of internal model related to Credit 
risk (CCF/EAD; ELBE; LGD for performing assets; LGD for defaulted assets; PD) for 
the following exposure classes: Corporate - Other; Corporate - SME; Retail - Other SME; 
Retail - Secured by real estate non-SME; Retail - Secured by real estate SME” (IMI-
2019-ITBPM-4141). The on-site phase started on 14 October 2019 and ended on 19 
March 2020. In a letter dated 4 March 2021, Banco BPM received the final decision 
which confirms the authorisation to adopt model changes, providing for some qualitative 
measures for the most part aimed at strengthening the internal regulation, as well as 
limitations - regarding the estimation of the margin of conservatism and the method of 
calculation of Loss Given Default (LGD) - in the application of the models, with effect 
on regulatory reporting as of 31 March 2021. The remedial action plan is currently under 
way. Most of the recommendations will be subject to closure as part of the "model 
change" activities included in the request for modification to internal models referred to 
the inspection IMI-2021-ITBPM-0180439;

--- Page 253 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
253 
 
 
 
 
in a letter dated 14 April 2019, CONSOB announced the beginning of an on-site 
inspection with the purpose of assessing the procedures and controls connected to the 
product governance, the provision of investment advice and the adequacy of the clients 
(OSI-Consob-2019). The on-site phase started on 14 April 2019 and ended on 3 
December 2019; on 30 July 2020, Banco BPM received a technical note pursuant to 
which CONSOB, while not launching a sanctioning proceeding, has highlighted certain 
aspects. On October 16, 2020, the Bank submitted to the Authority the relevant corrective 
action plan, which has largely already been implemented; 
 
in a letter dated 13 February 2019, ECB announced the beginning of an on-site inspection 
with the purpose of assessing the “Market Risk Model validation (VAR, sVAR, IRC) for 
debt instruments category – specific risk; Forex risk” (IMI_2019_ITBPM_4145). The 
on-site phase started on 14 May 2019 and ended on 19 July 2019; Banco BPM received 
the final decision on 16 November 2020 (which authorized the adoption of the new 
model) and on 16 December 2020 it submitted the remedial action plan and the related 
activities were completed during 2022; the termination of one of the commitments related 
to the CRI measure resulted in a so-called “material model change”, which required a 
prior application to the supervisor. The relevant application was submitted in January 
2022 and the corresponding on-site verification was conducted by the ECB in September 
of the same year. On 11 January 2023, the bank received the final IMI decision approving 
(also for Banca Akros) the requested change allowing the removal of an add-on to the 
IRC; the two additional corrective measures requested, of limited scope, are currently 
being planned.;  
 
in a letter dated 6 July 2018, ECB announced the beginning of an on-site inspection 
(TRIM-2018-ITBPM-3914) concerning the Europe-wide targeted analysis program of 
internal models relating to credit risk (PD; LGD and CCF) with reference to the 
“Corporate - Other” and “SME” portfolios. The on-site inspection phase started on 17 
September 2018 and ended on 16 November 2018; Banco BPM received the final 
decision on 7 October 2020 which includes binding prudential measures and 
recommendations; on 5 November 2020 Banco BPM submitted the remedial action plan, 
which is currently under way. The recommendations currently in an advanced state of 
finalization will be closed with the request for modification to the internal models set 
forth in Inspection IMI-2021-ITBPM-0180439; 
 
in a letter dated 11 December 2017, ECB announced the beginning of an on-site 
inspection concerning the internal models relating to credit risk (PD and LGD) with 
reference to the “Corporate” and “SME” portfolios. The on-site inspection phase started 
on 19 February 2018 and ended on 20 April 2018 and Banco BPM received the final 
decision on 25 April 2019. The remedial action plan, submitted on 24 May 2019, was 
included in the internal model changes referred to the inspection IMI-2019-ITBPM-4141. 
 
Bank of Italy: on anti-money laundering in the private banking sector of the subsidiary 
Banca Aletti, with particular reference to the services offered to high net worth 
customers. The on-site phase started on 28 February 2022 and ended on 13 April 2022. 
Banca Aletti received the results of the inspection on 14 September 2022, which did not 
reveal any compliance issues. On 14 October 2022, Banca Aletti sent the corrective 
action plan, which was limited to the implementation of measures to strengthen controls, 
some of which were already underway at the time of the inspection.

--- Page 254 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
254 
 
 
 
Legal Proceedings of the Group 
As of 31 December 2022, the provisions allocated against all existing legal and tax disputes, 
including cases associated with enforcement actions, totalled Euro 83.8 million.  
The Group operates in a legal and regulatory context which exposes it to a wide variety of legal 
proceedings, relating, for example, to the conditions applied to its customers, to the nature and 
characteristics of the products and financial services it sells, to administrative irregularities, to 
clawback actions for bankruptcies, and to labour law disputes. 
Ongoing Legal and Administrative Proceedings 
The main legal and administrative proceedings in which the Group is involved as of the date 
hereof are as follows: 
Proceedings related to the diamonds reporting activities 
A criminal investigation is pending with regard to the diamonds sales activity involving IDB 
and the various reporting banks, including Banco BPM. The criminal offences under 
investigation are alleged fraud and related self-laundering, obstacle to the supervisory 
authorities’ functions and corruption among private parties. The inquiry involves also 
managers and former managers of Banco BPM Group (including the former General Manager), 
the Bank itself and its subsidiary Banca Aletti for administrative offence pursuant to Legislative 
Decree 231/2001. In the context of the inquiry, on 19 February 2019, the Milan Public 
Prosecutor’s Office carried out at Banco BPM a precautionary seizure for a total amount of 
approximately Euro 84.6 million. In addition, in September 2020 the Public Prosecutor’s Office 
of Milan served those former managers and several employees of the Group with a notice of 
conclusion of the preliminary investigations as part of proceedings also relating to the 
operations in diamonds referring to the offence of fraud, which does not change the overall 
charges previously communicated by the judicial authorities. 
In February 2021 an indictment against the defendants was filed for the contested crimes, 
including administrative offences pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 231/2001 against Banco 
BPM and Banca Aletti. During the preliminary hearing, which began on 19 July 2021, the 
Judge declared its lack of jurisdiction for proceedings involving the former managers and 
employees of the Group in relation to the crimes of fraud, self-laundering and obstruction of 
the exercise of the functions of public supervisory authorities. The Court of Milan retains 
jurisdiction only for the offence of corruption among private individuals alleged against a 
former manager of the Bank. Moreover, the Judge, accepting the complaints presented by 
Banco BPM and Banca Aletti and at the end of the preliminary hearing of 8 April 2022, 
pronounced a sentence of application of the penalty at the request of the parties in accordance 
with the proposed conditions, thus applying the pecuniary sanction of Euro 240,000 to Banco 
BPM and Euro 56,000 to Banca Aletti, at the same time ordering the confiscation of only the 
profit from the alleged crime of self-laundering, amounting to Euro 293,119, already subject 
to a precautionary constraint. In addition, on 8 April 2022, the Judge ordered the release of the 
sum of Euro 500,000 initially subject to attachment for the alleged crime of bribery among 
private individuals and ordered its restitution to the Bank. 
With regard to the residual amounts involved in the seizure amounting to Euro 83.8 million for 
the crime of aggravated fraud, the Prosecutor’s Office of Verona was identified by the Supreme 
Court as having territorial jurisdiction to proceed as a result of the conflict of territorial 
jurisdiction raised. The Public Prosecutor’s Office of Verona will also have to decide whether 
to initiate a new criminal action, with regard to the cases of aggravated fraud, self-laundering

--- Page 255 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
255 
 
 
 
and obstructing the exercise of the functions of public supervisory authorities. On 16 February 
2023 the Verona Public Prosecutor's Office ordered the release from seizure of Euro 80.3 
million in favour of the Bank. The Public Prosecutor acknowledged the relief activities 
implemented by the Bank, and, on this basis, also agreeing with the legal arguments of the 
Bank, retained the amount of the seizure "clearly excessive" ordering its return. In this stage, 
the Public Prosecutor decided to maintain the seizure of an amount of around Euro 3.5 million. 
These events, with the consequent media coverage, led to a large number of complaints being 
received from the Group's customers involved and the start of civil litigation. In this regard, 
and also with a view to being close to its customers, over the past years the Group has 
implemented a broad customer care initiative with the aim, if necessary, of reaching settlements 
through a free assistance service. Specifically, this support consists of assistance in the process 
of filing claims for the return of diamonds and, ultimately, the return of diamonds held in the 
vaults operated after the bankruptcy of IDB. 
As at 31 December 2022, over 24,000 claims had been received, and over 1,300 disputes 
initiated (partly preceded by a claim) for a total relief sought of around Euro 718.4 million. At 
the same date, due to the previously illustrated management and customer care activities, 
claims and disputes were resolved, through a settlement or the issue of a final ruling, for a total 
remedy sought exceeding Euro 636.8 million (of which approximately Euro 600 million related 
to Banco BPM). Against the claims and disputes, both those not yet defined and therefore still 
pending and those potentially estimated, as of 31 December 2022 the specific provision 
recognised against the above disputes with customers amounts to Euro 41.5 million (of which 
Euro 33.1 million referring to Banco BPM). The total provision made by Banco BPM over the 
years, from 2017, was Euro 390 million, against which drawdowns for refunds to customers of 
Euro 348.5 million were made. 
As at 31 December 2021, the provision amounted to Euro 67.9 million; during 2022, 
drawdowns for refunds of Euro 30.8 million were made, and a further provision of Euro 4.4 
million was added, to take into account the updated estimates relating to the total expected 
remedy and the percentages of compensation. 
Centro Lazio s.c. 
On 28 October 2019, Società Cooperativa Centro Lazio summoned Banco BPM for the 
declaration of its liability alleging that Banco BPM demanded excess guarantees in providing 
several agricultural loans, initiated the repayment of one of the loans granted in advance and 
forced the company to cease operating its own plant. The counterparty also submitted claims 
for damages equal to Euro 40 million relating to the alleged damages incurred due to the 
claimed Banco BPM’s negligent business conduct and requested that the loan contracts and 
related mortgages be declared null and void. In December 2022, proceedings were terminated 
without any economic impact for Banco BPM as a result of a settlement agreement.  
Malenco S.r.l.  
On 4 February 2020, Malenco S.r.l. summoned Banco BPM before the court, together with 
another bank that led the pooled operations, in relation to the granting of loans for the 
construction and completion of a property complex. The company requested that the invalidity 
of the loans be ascertained for allegedly exceeding the usury threshold rate and the invalidity 
of the derivative contracts taken out to hedge the loans granted, with a request to order Banco 
BPM to pay the sum of Euro 31 million, of which Euro 10 million is to be paid jointly with 
the other bank. The Court of Milan, with final ruling of 21 November 2022, rejected the

--- Page 256 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
256 
 
 
 
counterparty’s claims in full. 
Privilege Yard 
On 20 December 2019, Banco BPM was summoned, along with a pool of banks, by the 
receivership of Privilege Yard for alleged unlawful disbursement of a loan which was allegedly 
granted based on a business plan claimed to be improbable, due to the manifest inability to 
repay the loan, and lacking appropriate guarantees. The receivership requested that the liability 
of the banks be declared for collusion in the mismanagement by the directors of Privilege Yard, 
ordering them to jointly pay compensation for the damages of approximately Euro 97 million 
(of which, Banco BPM share would be equal to Euro 27 million). On 11 October 2022, the 
conviction ruling was issued for the banks jointly and severally for the all-inclusive sum of 
Euro 57.1 million; following the injunction served to all the losing parties, Banco BPM paid 
an amount including legal costs of Euro 11.6 million. The Bank, in agreement with all the other 
banks mentioned, challenged the ruling by filing an appeal to the Court of Appeal of Rome on 
6 December 2022. 
CE.DI.SISA Centro Nord S.p.A. (in liquidation) 
On 5 August 2020, the Bank was sued in a liability action against the directors, auditors, 
auditing firm, consultants of the bankrupt company and credit institutions that contributed with 
the administrative body in increasing the liabilities. The bank, which never granted loans but 
operated through advances on invoices, firstly objected to the temporal prescription of the 
claim formulated. The overall petitum, against all the banks, amounts to Euro120 million. The 
hearing for the examination of the court-appointed expert is scheduled for 24 January 2024. 
Presidency of the Council of Ministers/Left-wing Democrats 
Following an injunction requested against Left-wing Democrats (bad loans) and the 
Presidency of the Council of Ministers (guarantors of the Left-wing Democrats by virtue 
of sureties) for 3 pooled loans (of which one leading bank was Banco BPM and a further 
two investees) for a total of Euro 26.5 million, opposition to the injunction was submitted 
in 2015. The courts of the first and second instance rules in favour of the banks, at the 
same time rejecting the challenges of the injunction. The ruling of the appeal was not 
challenged in the Supreme Court by the parties, but for the Barletta section of the Left-
wing Democrats, the decision is still pending, with the next hearing set for 19 January 
2024. 
La Redenta Società Cooperativa Agricola 
On 4 September 2018, Banco BPM received a summons for a liability action, together 
with the directors, auditors and other 6 banks, who were alleged to have acted in complicity 
to increase liabilities in the company “La Redenta Società Cooperativa Agricola”. The 
total remedy sought against all the banks is 20 million. 
The court of the first instance ruled in Banco BPM’s favour, and rejected the claims of the 
plaintiff. The Court of Appeal of Brescia, in a judgment of 22 February 2023, declared the 
plaintiff's appeal inadmissible. 
Compagnia Finanza e Servizi (Co.fi.se.) S.r.l., Tabellini Paolo 
On 8 November 2016, Banco BPM received a summons, together with Alba Leasing, for 
contractual liability, causation and increasing the damages suffered by Compagnia Finanza 
e Servizi (Co.fi.se.) S.r.l., Tabellini Paolo for a total of Euro 15 million. The court of the

--- Page 257 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
257 
 
 
 
first instance and appeal proceedings concluded with rulings in the Bank’s favour, which 
rejected the claims of the plaintiff. The ruling on appeal was challenged by the 
counterparty with an Appeal in the Supreme Court. Banco BPM is waiting for a hearing 
to be scheduled. 
Partecipazioni Italiane (in liquidation) 
The subsidiary Partecipazioni Italiane in liquidation, as the former owner of land located 
in Pavia that was the industrial site of the former Necchi S.p.A., (which ceased business 
operations many years ago), was the subject of an order of the Province of Pavia which 
requested that the subsidiary, as the party “historically” responsible, along with another 
party, carry out the reclamation and containment of that area, which for many years now 
has been owned by third parties outside Banco BPM Group. 
As part of the legal dispute initiated by the subsidiary against that order, on 2 December 
2019 the Lombardy Regional Administrative Court rejected the appeal of Partecipazioni 
Italiane, ordering the company to carry out all the operations necessary to reclaim or secure 
the area. Considering that a more detailed analysis of the overall results of the evidence 
and the examination of the interpretation of the environmental laws and verification of the 
chain of causation could lead to a different classification of the facts, on 7 July 2020 the 
subsidiary submitted an appeal. The Provincial Authorities of Pavia filed an appearance 
on 17 September 2020; the public hearing on the merits has not yet been scheduled. 
Within the parallel environmental proceedings, both some of the current owners of the 
various portions of the former Necchi site and Partecipazioni Italiane submitted 
autonomous area characterisation plans. Considering the various positions of the parties, 
new administrative proceedings arose which are currently pending before the Lombardy 
Regional Administrative Court, with the involvement of the Municipality of Pavia, the 
Province of Pavia and the Lombardy Regional Environmental Protection Agency as well, 
and for which the public hearing on the merits has not yet been scheduled.  
With regard to one of the portions of the site, on 7 March 2022, a settlement agreement 
was finalised with one of the current owners, regarding the reclamation of the portion of 
the former Necchi area it owns. The agreement envisages, inter alia, the contribution of 
Partecipazioni Italiane to bearing the reclamation costs for an amount of Euro 1.4 million 
plus VAT (half of which already paid at the time of finalisation of the agreement and half 
to be paid to the counterparty on announcement of the start of the reclamation activities), 
already accounted for in the financial statements as at 31 December 2021. For the portion 
of the former Necchi area owned by INAIL and currently occupied by the Pavia Police 
Headquarters, through the technical consultant WSP Italia S.r.l. (formerly Golder 
Associates S.r.l.), the subsidiary completed the characterisation activities of the portion of 
the area, as per the Characterisation Plan approved by decision of the Municipality of Pavia 
on 21 March 2022. As a result of the above-mentioned activities, WSP Italia estimated the 
costs for the probable future activities and for the reclamation as Euro 160 thousand plus 
VAT, recognised in the financial statements as at 31 December 2022. For the other two 
areas into which the site is divided, given the uncertainty of the interventions to be carried 
out, it is not possible to reliably estimate any expenses borne by the investee, even within 
a certain range. 
Società Agricola La Meridiana S.r.l.

--- Page 258 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
258 
 
 
 
Società Agricola La Meridiana S.r.l. in liquidation, with sole shareholder Realfin Group 
S.p.A., now bankrupt, summoned Banco BPM before the court on 17 January 2022, 
disputing the alleged unjustified granting of a loan of Euro 14 million in 2006 secured by 
a mortgage. It is argued that the purpose of the loan was to cause the appearance of a 
restructuring of the company for the sole purpose of re-evaluating the value of the 
shareholding of the sole shareholder Realfin Group, so as not to have to write down the 
receivable from the latter. The loan allegedly worsened the financial situation of Società 
Agricola La Meridiana, which seeks the Bank’s sentencing to provide compensation for 
damages of Euro 18 million. The Court of Milan, with final ruling of 13 October 2022, 
rejected the counterparty’s claims in full. 
I.F.I.T. S.r.l. and S.I.R.O. S.r.l. 
On 14 February 2022, I.F.I.T. S.r.l. and S.I.R.O. S.r.l. summoned Banco BPM before the 
court to obtain the revocation of a pledge made by the other two defendants in the case, 
Luigi Servidati and Fabio Planamente, former managers of the group, as a guarantee for a 
loan of Euro 23 million granted to the company Cantiere del Pardo S.p.A. The plaintiffs 
claim damages of approximately Euro 15.2 million, an amount for which they obtained a 
precautionary seizure against the same two former managers (later shareholders), for 
having transferred ownership of Cantiere del Pardo to third parties. The lawsuit is pending 
in the initial stage before the Court of Bologna. 
Società Italiana per Condotte d'Acqua S.p.A. 
On 23 December 2022, the extraordinary receivers of Società Italiana per Condotte 
d'Acqua S.p.A. summoned the members of its Management and Supervisory Boards, the 
auditing firm and the banking class, including Banco BPM, and some factoring companies 
to court, to obtain a joint and several sentence of all defendants to pay the sum of over 
Euro 389 million. The amount is requested by way of compensation for the alleged 
damages also caused by the abusive granting of credit by the banking class, which would 
have allowed the company to continue to operate despite the crisis situation, also causing 
the serious impoverishment of the company’s net assets. 
Litigation with natural persons 
On 10 July 2019 a customer summoned Banco BPM before the court to obtain total 
compensation for damages of approximately Euro 21 million for having allowed a 
proxy/delegate of the customer to carry out a series of allegedly unauthorised transactions on 
various current accounts and securities portfolios. With its ruling of 11 January 2023, the Milan 
Court of Appeal confirmed the decision in favour of the bank handed down by the Court of 
Milan in 2020. The terms for the appeal to the Supreme Court are pending. 
On 18 July 2019, the heirs of a customer summoned Banco BPM before the court to request 
the cancellation of several transactions, mainly financial in nature, which were allegedly 
carried out on accounts held by the customer without authorisation and in violation of the 
MiFID regulations. The counterparties requested that the Bank be ordered to return a total 
amount of approximately Euro 37 million. The lawsuit is pending in the initial stage before the 
Court of Milan. 
Disputes with the Tax Authority 
Banco BPM, the companies that merged to form the Group, the incorporated subsidiary 
companies and the subsidiary companies underwent various inspections by the Tax Authority

--- Page 259 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
259 
 
 
 
in 2022 and in previous years. These activities concerned the taxable income declared for the 
purpose of income tax, VAT, registration tax, and more generally the manner in which the tax 
legislation in force at the time was applied. As a consequence of said inspections, the Banco 
BPM Group is involved in numerous legal proceedings. 
The total claims made by the Tax Authorities as part of the tax disputes initiated involving 
Banco BPM and its subsidiaries amounted to Euro 225.0 million as at 31 December 2022 
(unchanged compared to claims as at 31 December 2021). During the year, no new claims 
arose, nor did any events change the amount of the claims already existing at the beginning of 
the year. 
Details of pending disputes as at 31 December 2022  
 
Banco BPM (former Banca Popolare di Verona e Novara Soc. Coop.) - tax demand 
regarding IRAP tax paid to the Regional Headquarters for Veneto for 2006. The 
claim refers to the application of the ordinary rate of 4.25% to the net value of 
production resulting from business activities performed in Veneto and in Tuscany, 
instead of the higher rate of 5.25% and amounts to a total of 7.1 million. The tax 
demand has been challenged. The Provincial Tax Commission partially accepted the 
appeal, declaring that the fines imposed are not due. The Regional Tax Commission 
confirmed the first instance judgment, also cancelling the tax demand relating to the 
additional IRAP referring to the Tuscany Region. On 18 January 2023, the ruling of 
the Supreme Court was published, which recognised the validity of the appeal filed 
by the Bank for the effective lack of a specific provision of regional law that exempts, 
for tax year 2006, the system suspending the application of the increase in the IRAP 
rate set forth by state law. However, the Court pointed out that following the 
suspension of the effectiveness of the increase in the IRAP rate for 2002 for banks 
and insurance companies, it believes that the rate of 4.75%, already envisaged at 
national level for 2002 by Art. 45, paragraph 2 of Italian Legislative Decree no. 446 
of 1997, should be applied instead of the ordinary rate of 4.25%. The Court therefore 
overturned the decision of the Regional Tax Commission, referring to the second 
instance Tax Court of Veneto, which will have to redetermine the Bank’s tax liability 
by applying the rate of 4.75%. The dispute is therefore still pending due to the referral 
to the Regional Tax Commission. However, the latter will no doubt reduce the 
amount of the claim and order the consequent reimbursement of the taxes and relative 
interest already paid following the ruling overturned. 
 
Banca Akros - formal notification received in December 2021 relating to the alleged 
infringement of the transmission obligations to the Tax Authority envisaged by Article 
1, of Italian Law Decree 167 of 1990 with the application of the minimum sanction 
envisaged by Art. 5, paragraph 1, for the amount of Euro 2.3 million. On 30 November 
2022, the Office served a decision to impose penalties with which it rejected the 
defensive arguments made by the Bank and imposed a penalty of Euro 2.3 million against 
it. Considering the reasons contained in the decision to impose penalties contradictory 
and unfounded, on 30 January 2023, the Bank filed an appeal to the Milan Tax Court of 
first instance. 
 
Banco BPM (former Banca Popolare Italiana Soc. Coop.) - notices of assessment relating 
to tax year 2005 regarding the claimed non-deductibility for IRES and IRAP purposes of 
costs and value adjustments to receivables relating to facts or actions classified as 
offences (regarding offences of false corporate reporting, obstacles to supervision and

--- Page 260 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
260 
 
 
 
market turbulence alleged to have been committed by Banca Popolare Italiana with 
relation to the attempted takeover of Banca Antonveneta). The claims amount to Euro 
199.8 million (including interest and tax collection fees). With separate judgements 
filed on 15 October 2014, the Provincial Tax Commission of Milan fully rejected the 
appeals submitted by the Bank, though not justifying in any way the rationale 
underlying the confirmation of the tax demand. Said judgement was appealed against 
before the Lombardy Regional Tax Commission. However, in 2015 the Commission 
rejected the joint appeals and confirmed the challenged judgements. A further appeal 
was submitted to the Supreme Court, which is still pending.  
The notices discussed above were followed by additional notices of assessment 
served on 22 December 2014 for the tax years 2006-2009. The claims contained in 
these notices also regard the claimed non-deductibility for IRES and IRAP purposes 
of the costs deemed attributable to facts or actions classified as offences. More 
specifically, they regard value adjustments on loans already disputed with reference 
to the fiscal year 2005. Said value adjustments, although recognised by Banca 
Popolare Italiana in its financial statements for 2005, were deductible on a straight-
line basis over the following 18 financial years pursuant to the version in effect at 
the time of Art. 106, paragraph 3 of Italian Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 
December 1986. The notices of assessment served therefore charge the claimed non-
deductibility of the portions of those adjustments to loans deducted in 2006, 2007, 
2008 and 2009. Total claims amount to euro 15.8 million. An appeal has been 
presented to the Provincial Tax Commission. The Commission suspended the 
proceedings until the final judgement of the Supreme Court is passed on the notices 
of assessment relating to 2005, pursuant to the previous point. The claims illustrated, 
which amount to a total of Euro 215.6 million, were carefully assessed by the Bank 
in light of the negative rulings made in the courts of the first two instances. In that 
regard, it must firstly be noted that, in the parallel criminal proceedings initiated 
against the parties that signed the tax returns for the offence of inaccurate tax return 
(offense founded on the same charges contained in the notices of assessment in 
question), the judge issued a judgement of acquittal of the defendants “because there 
is no case to answer”. Even though the criminal proceedings are independent from 
the administrative disputes, which, thus, may conclude with a different result, it is 
noted that, in the operative part of the ruling, the criminal judge justified his decision 
using the arguments analogous to those formulated by the Bank in its defence in the 
appeals submitted in the administrative proceedings illustrated. Furthermore, an 
analysis of the order and the content of the ruling of the Regional Tax Commission 
shows that the Commission’s decision on the merits of the case contains no specific 
justification and is based on a mere reference to the Authority’s claims, with no 
express indication of the reasons for its decision not to accept the precise arguments 
laid out by Banco Popolare in support of its appeal. In the light of these analyses and 
considerations, on the basis that there are grounds to challenge the ruling as, in fact, 
all the defensive arguments regarding aspects of legitimacy not considered by the 
judges in the first and second instances can be submitted again to the court, on 18 
December 2015, the afore-mentioned appeal was lodged with the Supreme Court. 
The in-depth analyses of the situation conducted with the support of the advisors 
assigned to draw up the appeal, as well as the additional opinions requested from 
other authoritative experts on the matter confirmed the belief that the claim of the 
Tax Authority is illegitimate and the possibility to finally see the defensive 
arguments considered and agreed with in the proceedings before the Supreme Court

--- Page 261 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
261 
 
 
 
is unchanged. The same analyses were conducted by the Board of Directors to 
confirm the classification of the claim as a potential liability, as the risk of losing the 
lawsuit is possible but not probable. In light of the evaluations carried out, no 
provision has been recognised for the above contingent liabilities in the financial 
statements as at 31 December 2022.  
 
 
Banco BPM (formerly Banca Popolare di Novara) - receivables from IRPEG/ILOR 
for the 1995 financial year amounting to Euro 94.5 million, the recovery of which 
was refused by the Tax Authority (Agenzia delle Entrate - Direzione Provinciale di 
Novara). In the context of the legal action brought by the former Banca Popolare di 
Novara, both the Provincial and the Regional Tax Commissions had upheld the 
appeals lodged and had also ordered the Tax Authority to pay the legal costs. The 
Tax Authority appealed to the Supreme Court, which recently issued a judgment 
upholding the Tax Authority's appeal, thus sending the case back to the second 
instance judge for a new decision on the case. The Bank will file a new counter-
appeal against the Supreme Court's decision. 
Audits under way as at 31 December 2022 
On 5 December 2019, as part of a wider tax audit of a company external to Banco BPM 
Group, the Italian Tax Police launched an audit for the purposes of direct taxes and VAT 
of Banco BPM for the tax year 2017. The audit was suspended due to the emergency 
situation relating to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
On 2 March 2020, the Italian Tax Authority - Regional Department of Lombardy had 
informed, in compliance with the principles set forth in the taxpayers’ statute, that it 
intends to initiate a tax audit for the purposes of IRES, IRAP, VAT and withholding tax 
obligations for the year 2016 of the subsidiary Banca Aletti. By subsequent 
communication of 6 March, the Authority decided to postpone the opening of the 
verification until a date to be defined in relation to the emergency situation related to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. 
On 21 September 2022, the economic and financial police unit of the Italian Tax Police 
initiated an audit of IRES and IRAP against Banca Akros and in order to verify the application 
of substitute tax pursuant to Presidential Decree 600/1973 for the 2016 tax period. The audit 
was completed on 19 January 2023. In the report on findings drawn up on that date, it was 
indicated that the audit did not lead to any findings. 
Audits commenced in 2023 
On 24 January 2023, the Italian Tax Authority, Lombardy Regional Department, Large 
Taxpayers Office initiated a tax audit of the Parent Company Banco BPM for IRES, IRAP, 
VAT and withholding tax obligations for the 2017 and 2018 tax periods. 
Other provisions – other  
This residual category of provisions amounts to a total of Euro 139.7 million as at 31 December 
2022 and mainly includes allocations against the following liabilities: 
 
risks associated with disputes and claims, both pending and expected, associated with 
operations with customers and possible developments in the interpretation of certain 
regulations governing banking activities (Euro 45.3 million);

--- Page 262 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
262 
 
 
 
 
estimate of probable reimbursements of fees consequent to the possible early termination 
of insurance policies by customers (Euro 21.1 million); 
 
risks associated with commitments undertaken as part of partnership agreements and 
guarantees granted against the disposal of interests or other assets or groups of assets 
(Euro 30.8 million); 
 
risks associated with guarantees given for sales of non-performing loans already finalised 
as at 31 December 2022 (Euro 17.2 million); 
 
charges relating to the restructuring of the distribution network (Euro 8.5 million). 
Corporate Governance System 
The corporate governance of the Issuer is based on a traditional corporate governance system 
with a Board of Directors and a Board of Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the strategic supervision and management of the 
Issuer and carries out all of the ordinary or extraordinary transactions that prove necessary, 
useful or in any way appropriate for achieving the Issuer’s corporate purpose, with the 
assistance of the Intra-Board Committees and the Co-General Managers. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is appointed by the shareholders’ meeting based on a list of 
nominees. The nomination mechanism requires that the Chairman of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors be drawn from the minority list (in accordance with Article 35 of the By-laws). 
Board of Directors 
Pursuant to Article 24.1 of the By-laws, the Board of Directors is responsible for the strategic 
supervision and management of the Issuer. 
The Board of Directors is composed of at least 15 directors, of whom at least eight must meet 
the independence requirements set out under Article 20.1.6 of the By-laws, without prejudice 
to any further requirement provided under applicable law.  
The composition of the Board of Directors ensures, in accordance with applicable laws, 
including regulations, in force, the gender balance. 
The members of the Board of Directors must be suitable for the performance of their duties, in 
accordance with the provisions of the legislation in force at the time and the By-laws and, in 
particular, they must possess the requirements of professionalism, honorability and 
independence and comply with criteria of competence, correctness and commitment of time 
and the specific limits on the accumulation of positions prescribed by the legislation in force 
at the time and by the By-laws. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Article 20.1, persons who fall under the cases of 
ineligibility or cessation from office under Article 2383 of the Italian Civil Code or do not meet 
the honorability and professionalism requirements set out in the applicable laws, including 
applicable regulatory provisions, may not be appointed to the office of Board member, and if 
appointed shall fall from office.

--- Page 263 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
263 
 
 
 
Without prejudice to any other causes of incompatibility provided for by the legislation in force 
at the time, persons who are or become members of administrative bodies or employees of 
companies that perform or belong to groups that perform activities in competition with those 
of the Issuer or its Group may not be appointed to the office, and if appointed, they shall forfeit 
their assignment, unless they are central institutions of the category or companies in which the 
Issuer has direct or indirect holdings. The above prohibition does not apply when participation 
in administrative bodies in other banks is taken on behalf of organizations or trade associations 
of the banking system. 
The Board of Directors is appointed in accordance with the list voting system, in accordance 
with the provisions of Article 20.4 and following of the By-laws. 
The Board of Directors appoints amongst its members a Chief Executive Officer, entrusted 
with certain attributions and powers of the Board of Directors in accordance with Article 2381, 
paragraph 2, of the Italian Civil Code. 
Within the Board of Directors the following committees are also established: the Nomination 
Committee (composed of three members), the Remuneration Committee (composed of three 
members), the Internal Control, Risk and Sustainability Committee (composed of five 
members) and the Related Parties Committee (composed of three members), each comprising 
members entrusted with the necessary functions and roles, in accordance with Supervisory 
Provisions and the Code of Corporate Governance of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
The current members of the Board of Directors of Banco BPM were appointed at the ordinary 
shareholders’ meeting held on 20 April 2023 and will remain in office until the ordinary 
shareholders’ meeting to be called to approve the financial statements of Banco BPM as of and 
for the year ending 31 December 2025:  
 
Name 
Principal Activities outside the Issuer 
Massimo Tononi (*) 
Zambon S.p.A. 
Director 
(Chairman) 
Maurizio Comoli (*) 
Herno S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
(Deputy Chairman) 
Mirato S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors 
MIL MIL 76 S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors 
Vera Assicurazioni S.p.A. 
Chairman 
Vera Protezione S.p.A. 
Chairman 
Montura S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor 
Giuseppe Castagna 
Banca Aletti S.p.A. 
Director 
(Chief Executive 
Officer) 
Mario Anolli (*) 
Vera Vita S.p.A. 
Chairman 
(Director)

--- Page 264 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
264 
 
 
 
Name 
Principal Activities outside the Issuer 
Paolo Bordogna (*) 
Bracca S.p.A. 
Director 
(Director) 
Fonti Pineta S.p.A. 
Director 
Paola Ferretti (*) 
- 
- 
(Director) 
Marina Mantelli (*) 
Banco BPM Vita S.p.A. 
Director 
(Director) 
Banco BPM Assicurazioni S.p.A. 
Director 
Chiara Mio (*) 
OVS S.p.A. 
Director 
(Director) 
Corà Domenico & Figli S.p.A. 
Chairman 
Aquafil S.p.A. 
Chairman 
Alberto Oliveti (*) 
REAM SGR S.p.A. 
Director 
(Director) 
Eugenio Rossetti (*) 
Tinexta S.p.A. 
Director 
(Director) 
Infocert S.p.A. 
Director 
Co.Mark. S.p.A. 
Director 
Manuela Soffientini (*) Electrolux Appliance S.p.A. 
Chairman and Managin
Director 
(Director) 
Electrolux Italia S.p.A. 
Chairman 
Brembo S.p.A. 
Independent Director 
Luigia Tauro (*) 
Prevention For You S.r.l. 
Sole Director 
(Director) 
Mauro Paoloni (*) 
Unione Fiduciaria S.p.A. 
Director 
(Director) 
Banca Akros S.p.A. 
Chairman 
Nadine Farida 
Faruque (*) 
Lottomatica S.p.A. 
Independent Director 
(Director) 
Paolo Boccardelli (*) 
TIM S.p.A. 
Director 
(Director) 
(*) 
Independent member of the Board of Directors pursuant to article 20.1.6 of the by-laws 
and, consequently, pursuant to art. 148, paragraph 3 of the Financial Laws Consolidation 
Act and the Code of Corporate Governance of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors is at the registered office of 
Banco BPM, specifically Piazza Filippo Meda, No. 4, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
Board of Statutory Auditors

--- Page 265 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
265 
 
 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors carries out the tasks and exercises the functions set out in the 
relevant laws and regulations and by the company By-laws. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is composed of 5 standing and 3 alternate auditors who remain 
in office for three financial years. The term of office of the present members of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors is scheduled to expire on the date of the Shareholders’ Meeting convened 
to approve the financial statements relating to the last financial year of their office and they 
may be re-appointed. Statutory Auditors must meet the eligibility, independence, professional 
and integrity requirements established by the laws and regulations in force at any given time. 
The composition of the Board of Statutory Auditors ensures pursuant to applicable law and 
regulations, in force the balance between the genders. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is appointed by the Shareholders’ Meeting based on list 
voting. The nomination mechanism requires that the Chairman of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors be drawn from the minority list. 
The limits on the number of management and control positions held by members of the Board 
of Statutory Auditors, as established by Consob regulations and any other applicable 
provisions, shall apply to the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors. 
Moreover: (i) Statutory Auditors may not hold offices in bodies other than those with control 
functions in other Group companies or in companies in which the Issuer holds, even indirectly, 
a strategic shareholding (even if not belonging to the Group); and (ii) candidates who hold the 
office of Director, manager or officer in companies or entities directly or indirectly engaged in 
banking activities in competition with those of the Issuer or the relative Group may not be 
elected, and if elected, they shall forfeit their assignment, unless they are professional bodies. 
 
The current members of the Board of Statutory Auditors were appointed at the ordinary 
shareholders’ meeting held on 20 April 2023 and will remain in office until the ordinary 
shareholders’ meeting to be called to approve the financial statements of Banco BPM as of and 
for the year ending 31 December 2025: 
Name 
Principal Activities outside the Issuer  
 
 
 
Marcello Priori 
(Chairman of the 
Board of Statutory 
Auditors) 
BPM Vita S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Banca Aletti S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
BPM Assicurazioni S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Primonial Reim Italy S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Corob S.p.A. 
Chairman 
 
F2A S.r.l.  
Chairman 
 
 
 
Maurizio Lauri 
(*) 
(Standing Auditor) 
Officine CST S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors

--- Page 266 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
266 
 
 
 
Name 
Principal Activities outside the Issuer  
 
ACEA S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Tirreno Power S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
 
 
Nadia Valenti (*)  Banca Akros S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
(Standing Auditor)  
 
 
 
 
Silvia Muzi (*) 
(Standing Auditor) 
A2A S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
 
 
 
Banco BPM Assicurazioni S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
RAI WAY S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Esprinet S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
 
 
Elbano de Nuccio 
(*) 
(Standing Auditor) 
Acquedotto Pugliese S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Cestaro & Rossi S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
EOS Private Equity Holding 3 S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Eurofiere S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
 
 
Mario Tagliaferri 
(*) 
(Alternate Auditor)  
Nerpharma S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Nerviano Medical Sciences S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Kilometro Rosso S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Alto Robotics S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Consorzio.it S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Crema Diesel S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Interpump Group S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Accelera S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Fondazione Ferrovie dello Stato 
Standing Auditor 
 
Brembo S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Brembo SGL Carbon Ceramic Brakes 
S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Fine Food & Pharmaceutical N.T.M. 
S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Euro Cosmetic S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Marsilli S.p.A.  
Standing Auditor 
 
Simis S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Trestudi S.r.l. 
Director 
 
GOTHA Advisory S.p.A. 
Director

--- Page 267 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
267 
 
 
 
Name 
Principal Activities outside the Issuer  
 
 
 
Marina 
Scandurra (*) 
ACEA ATO 5 S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
(Alternate Auditor) ASM Terni S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Daimier Truck Financial Service Italia 
S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Fondazione Museo della Shoah - ETS 
Standing Auditor 
 
Edison Next Government Napoli Scarl Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
Italia Trasporto Aereo S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
RAI Pubblicità S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Tecnoservizi S.r.l. 
Sole Auditor 
 
Transmed S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
 
 
Sara Antonelli (*) 
(Alternate Auditor) 
PTS Group S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
ENVENT Italia SIM S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors 
 
ADR Mobility S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor 
 
PTS Credit Management mediazione 
creditizia S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
BIG S.B. S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Elgea S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
M.O.F. S.c.p.A. 
Sole Auditor 
 
Free To X S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Logista Retail Italia S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Tecne Gruppo Autostrade Per l’Italia 
S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
 
Tecne Speri Bridge Designers S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor 
 
 
 
(*) Independent member of the Board of Statutory Auditors pursuant to articles 33.4 and 20.1.6 of the by-laws 
and, consequently, pursuant to art. 148, paragraph 3 of the Financial Laws Consolidation Act and the Code of 
Corporate Governance of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
 
 
The business address of each member of the Board of Statutory Auditors is at the registered 
office of Banco BPM, specifically Piazza Filippo Meda, No. 4, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
Directorate General 
At its meeting of 20 December 2022, Banco BPM’s Board of Directors defined the new 
structure of its General Management and top management. More specifically, the Chief 
Financial Officer (CFO) Co-General Management was established, the scope of the Chief 
Business Officer (CBO) Co-General Management was redefined, the new Corporate & 
Investment Banking (CIB) function was established and the position of Chief Risk Officer 
(CRO) was established. The new structure - which came into force on 1 January 2023 - 
promotes better coordination of the Group’s activities with respect to the path outlined in the

--- Page 268 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
268 
 
 
 
2021-2024 Strategic Plan and facilitates the governance of more complex areas in line with the 
evolution of the external scenario. 
Currently, the two Co-General Managers, appointed by the Board of Directors are Mr. 
Domenico De Angelis and Mr. Edoardo Maria Ginevra. 
 
Name 
Principal Activities outside the Issuer  
 
 
 
Domenico De 
Angelis 
(Co-General 
Manager) 
- 
- 
 
 
 
Edoardo Maria 
Ginevra 
(Co-General 
Manager) 
Agos Ducato S.p.A. 
Gardant Liberty Servicing S.p.A. 
Director 
Chairman 
The business address of the Co-General Managers is at the registered office of Banco BPM, 
specifically Piazza Filippo Meda, No. 4, 20121, Milan, Italy. 
Conflicts of Interest 
As of the date of this Prospectus, and to the knowledge of the Issuer, with regard to the members 
of the Board of Directors, Board of Statutory Auditors and the Co-General Managers of Banco 
BPM there are no conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer and their private interests 
and or other duties. 
In the ordinary course of business, the members of the Board of Directors, Board of Statutory 
Auditors and the Co-General Managers of Banco BPM may hold positions in other companies 
of the Banco BPM Group as well as in companies which are not part of the Banco BPM Group, 
subject to the limitations set out in Article 36 of Legislative Decree no. 201 of 6 December 
2011 (converted with amendments into Law no. 214 of 22 December 2011) on “Protection of 
competition and personal cross holdings” (Prohibition of Interlocking Directorates). As such, 
they may have interests that are in conflict with the tasks arising from their position at Banco 
BPM.  
Members of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies of Banco BPM must 
comply with the following rules to regulate cases where there is a potential specific conflict of 
interest concerning the completion of a transaction: 
 
Article 136 of the Consolidated Banking Act requires an authorisation procedure (a 
unanimous decision by the Board of Directors, excluding the vote of the interested 
member, and the favourable vote of all members of the Board of Statutory Auditors, 
without prejudice to the obligations provided for by the Italian Civil Code with regard 
to conflicts of interest of directors and transactions with related parties) to be followed 
in cases where the person performing administration, management and control 
functions enters into obligations of any nature or carries out acts of sale, directly or 
indirectly, with the bank that it administers, directs or controls;

--- Page 269 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
269 
 
 
 
 
Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code provides that directors must inform the other 
directors and the board of statutory auditors of any interest they may have, either on 
their own behalf or on behalf of third parties, in a specific Company transaction. If the 
director is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, he must refrain from carrying 
out the transaction in question by submitting the matter to the Board of Directors; 
 
Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code and the Consob Regulation implementing 
Resolution no. 17221 of 12 March 2010 and no. 17389 of 23 June 2010 require 
companies whose shares are listed or widely distributed to adopt special procedures to 
ensure the transparency and substantive and procedural fairness of transactions with 
related parties. In addition, on 12 December 2011, the Bank of Italy, in its role as 
Banking Supervisory Authority, issued special rules on risk activities and conflicts of 
interest with entities related to the implementation of resolution no. 277 of 29 July 2008 
of the CICR (Comitato Interministeriale per il Credito ed il Risparmio). In accordance 
with these rules and international accounting standards, the Issuer has adopted specific 
“Rules for related parties” such as: 
 
define the criteria for identifying related parties of Gruppo Banco BPM (the “related 
parties”); 
 
define the quantitative limits for the Banco BPM Group’s assumption of- risk-weighted 
assets- of related parties and determine the calculation methods; 
 
establish the manner in which transactions with related parties are approved, 
distinguishing between transactions that are significant or not and define in this context, 
the role and tasks of an independent member of the Management Board, with the 
assistance of an independent expert; 
 
cases of exclusion and exemption for certain types of transactions with related parties;  
 
establish disclosure (and accounting) requirements in relation to related party 
transactions; 
 
Article 150 of the Italian Finance Act requires directors to report to the Board of 
Statutory Auditors promptly and at least quarterly on their activities and any other 
significant transactions carried out with the bank or its subsidiaries; in particular, 
directors are required to report on transactions in which they have an interest, either on 
their own behalf or on behalf of third parties, or which are influenced by the person 
exercising the activity of management and coordination; 
 
in compliance with the provisions of the Code of Corporate Governance of Borsa 
Italiana, Banco BPM has adopted measures aimed at ensuring that transactions in which 
an Exponent has an interest, on his own behalf or on behalf of third parties, and those 
carried out with Related Parties are carried out in a transparent manner and in 
compliance with criteria of substantial and procedural correctness. 
Principal Shareholders 
Pursuant to Article 120 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the Financial Laws Consolidation Act), shareholders who hold more than 3% of the share

--- Page 270 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
270 
 
 
 
capital of a listed company are obliged to notify that company and the Italian regulator Consob 
of their holding. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, there is no entity which controls the Issuer. 
As at the date of this Prospectus the significant shareholders of Banco BPM are the following 
(source Consob): 
 
% of 
Ordinary 
Shares 
Crédit Agricole SA ...................................................................................  
9.178 
Capital Research and Management Company ...........................................  
4.988 
Norges Bank………………………………………………………………. 
3.051 
Independent Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. has been appointed by the shareholders’ meetings of Banco 
Popolare and BPM held on 15 October 2016 as independent auditor of the consolidated and 
non-consolidated annual financial statements of Banco BPM for the period established by the 
law in force and for the review of its interim consolidated financial statements, pursuant to 
Article 13, first paragraph and Article 17, first paragraph, of Legislative Decree No. 39/2010. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is registered in the Register of the Statutory Auditors, in 
compliance with the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 39/2010 as implemented by the MEF 
(Decree No. 144 of 20 June 2012). The registered office of PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is 
in Piazza Tre Torri, 2, 20145 Milan, Italy. 
 
Recent Developments  
Approval by the shareholders’ meeting of Banco BPM of, inter alia, the 2022 Annual 
Financial Statements, the payment of a dividend of Euro 0.23 per share, the appointment of 
the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors for the years 2023-2024-2025 
and the purchase and disposal of own shares in service of the Banco BPM share-based 
payment plans 
 
On 20 April 2023, the shareholders’ meeting of Banco BPM approved, inter alia, (i) the 2022 
Annual Financial Statements; (ii) the distribution of a total dividend of Euro 348,491,888.98 
equal to Euro 0.23 per share; and (iii) the appointment of the Board of Directors and the Board 
of Statutory Auditors for the years 2023-2024-2025.  
In this context, the shareholders’ meeting of Banco BPM also approved the purchase and 
disposal of Banco BPM shares for a maximum total amount of Euro 5 million. 
Launching of a project to enhance the payment business 
On 18 April 2023 the Board of Directors of Banco BPM has resolved to proceed with a project 
to enhance the payments business aimed at defining a potential partnership with a leading 
market operator that shall focus on both Merchant Acquiring and POS management as well as 
on the Issuing and distribution of payment cards. 
The guidelines for the partnership are expected to be as follows:  
 
signing of a long-term exclusive distribution agreement encompassing both the issuing 
and the merchant acquiring business;

--- Page 271 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
271 
 
 
 
 
preservation of running commission levels;  
 
collection of an upfront component involving benefits also in terms of capital;  
 
introduction of mechanisms enabling the Bank to further extract value from prospective 
growth;  
The Board of Directors has mandated the Chief Executive Officer to continue the ongoing 
interlocutions with the aim of identifying, by the first half of this year, the potential partner and 
to define a binding Term Sheet. 
Recognition of financial conglomerate status  
With its communication dated 7 March 2023, the European Central Bank recognised Banco 
BPM Group's status as a financial conglomerate pursuant to Directive 2002/87/EC, on the same 
basis as the main Italian and European financial groups operating in both the 
banking/investment services and insurance sectors. The ECB's decision grants the request 
submitted by Banco BPM following the acquisition of full control over the insurance 
companies Banco BPM Vita S.p.A. and Banco BPM Assicurazioni S.p.A., which took place in 
July 2022, and also involves the alignment of the supervisory activity performed by the 
Supervisory Authority to the overall activity carried out by the Group as a financial 
conglomerate. 
Programme to purchase own shares  
In implementing the resolution of the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of 7 April 2022 and by 
virtue of the authorisation issued by the European Central Bank, in February 2023, the Parent 
Company launched an additional programme for the purchase of own shares to support existing 
short- and long-term incentive plans. The programme was carried out in the period 28 February 
- 6 March 2023 with the purchase of 2,418,855 own shares (equal to 0.16% of outstanding 
ordinary shares) at the average unit price of 4.13 euro, for a total equivalent value of Euro 10 
million. As a result of the above transactions, Banco BPM, taking into account the other own 
shares already in the portfolio, directly holds 8,578,335 own shares, equal to 0.56% of the share 
capital. 
 
Exercise of the call option versus Cattolica Assicurazioni on 65% of the capital of Vera Vita 
and Vera Assicurazioni 
 
On 29 May 2023, Banco BPM announced it has exercised the call option (the Call Option), 
provided for in the agreements signed in 2021 with Cattolica Assicurazioni, on 65% of the 
share capital of Vera Vita S.p.A. and Vera Assicurazioni S.p.A., respectively operating in the 
life and non-life businesses, in which Banco BPM already holds a 35% stake. Vera Vita, in 
turn, holds the entire share capital of Vera Financial DAC, an insurance company under Irish 
law, while Vera Assicurazioni holds 100% of the share capital of Vera Protezione S.p.A. 
The transaction is part of the strategy to strengthen the Banco BPM Group’s business model, 
which - in line with the Strategic Plan 2021-2024 - envisages the internalisation of the “Life” 
insurance business, already initiated with the acquisition of the entire share capital of the 
company Banco BPM Vita from Covéa, and the activation of a strategic partnership with Crédit 
Agricole Assurances S.A. (CAA), a Crédit Agricole Group company, in the bancassurance, 
non-life/protection sectors. 
The exercise price of the Call Option was defined, in accordance with the agreements with 
Cattolica Assicurazioni, based on the sum of the following:

--- Page 272 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
272 
 
 
 
 
65% of the companies’ own funds as of 31 December 2022, net of T2 instruments, 
totaling Euro 332.5 million; and 
 
a fixed component of Euro 60 million. 
These elements lead to valuing the exercise price of the Call Option for the repurchase of both 
shareholdings at a total of Euro 392.5 million, to which must be added 65% of the companies’ 
operating income accrued from 1 January 2023 until the date of the closing. 
The closing of the transaction with Cattolica Assicurazioni for the purchase of the 65% of Vera 
Vita and Vera Assicurazioni covered by the Call Option, to be finalized at the same time as the 
execution of the described agreements with CAA in the Non-Life/Protection sector, is 
indicatively expected during the last quarter of 2023, subject to the issuance of the prescribed 
legal authorizations by the competent Authorities.

--- Page 273 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
273 
 
 
 
REGULATORY 
The Banco BPM Group is subject to extensive regulations and to the supervision (being for 
regulatory, information or inspection purposes, as the case may be) by the Bank of Italy, 
CONSOB and IVASS with respect to its bancassurance operations. 
Capital and Liquidity Requirements 
Following the crisis of the financial markets in the last several years, the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision approved a number of capital adequacy and liquidity requirements (Basel 
III), aimed at strengthening the existing capital rules, including raising the quality of CET1 
capital in a harmonised manner, introducing also requirements for Additional Tier 1 (AT1) and 
Tier 2 capital instruments.  
At a European level, the Basel III rules have been implemented through two separate legislative 
instruments: Directive 2013/36/EU of 26 June 2013 (the CRD IV) and Regulation (EU) No. 
575 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements 
for credit institutions and investment firms (the CRR and, together with the CRD IV, the CRD 
IV Package), whose provisions are directly binding and applicable in each member state. The 
CRD IV and the CRR were approved by the European Council on 20 July 2013 and entered 
into force on 1 January 2014. Furthermore, on 14 March 2016 the ECB adopted Regulation 
(EU) No. 2016/445 on the exercise of options and discretions available in Union law, published 
on 24 March 2016 and the ECB Guide on options and discretions available in Union law (the 
ECB Guide). This regulation specifies certain of the options and discretions conferred on 
competent authorities under Union law concerning prudential requirements for credit 
institutions that the ECB is exercising. It shall apply exclusively with regard to those credit 
institutions classified as “significant” in accordance with Article 6(4) of Regulation (EU) No 
1024/2013, and Part IV and Article 147(1) of Regulation (EU) No 468/2014. Depending on the 
manner in which these options or discretions were so far exercised by the national competent 
authorities and on the manner in which the SSM will exercise such options or discretions in the 
future, additional or lower capital requirements may be required. Moreover, on 10 August 
2016, the ECB published an addendum to the ECB Guide which addresses eight options and 
discretions and complements the existing ECB Guide and Regulation (EU) No. 2016/445.  
In addition, on 13 April 2017, the ECB published a guideline and a recommendation addressed 
to national competent authorities (the NCAs) concerning the exercise of options and national 
discretions available in European Union law that affect banks directly supervised by NCAs (i.e. 
the so called “less significant institutions”). Both documents are intended to further harmonise 
the way banks are supervised by the NCAs. The aim is to ensure a level playing field and the 
smooth functioning of the Euro area banking system as a whole.  
In Italy, implementation of CRD IV package implied amendments to Legislative Decree No. 
385 of 1 September 1993 (the Consolidated Banking Act) and to the supervisory regulations 
on banks with circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (Circular No. 285), which came into 
force on 1 January 2014, setting out also additional local prudential rules addressed to Italian 
banks. The Government implemented the CRD IV with Legislative Decree No. 72 of 12 May 
2015, which entered into force on 27 June 2015. 
With respect to “Pillar 1” minimum capital requirements, Italian banks are currently required 
to comply with: (a) a CET1 capital ratio of 4.5%; (b) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0%; and (c) a 
Total Capital Ratio of 8.0%. The Basel III framework also provides for the creation of 
additional capital buffers in excess of the minimum requirements in order to provide banks

--- Page 274 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
274 
 
 
 
with high quality capital resources to be used in times of market stress, to prevent any 
malfunctioning of the banking system and to avoid disruptions in the credit granting process, 
as well as to address the risks posed by systemically important banks at the global or domestic 
level. More specifically, the capital buffers applicable under the CRD IV (to be met with CET1 
capital) are the following: 
1. 
capital conservation buffer: the capital conservation buffer applies to the Issuer pursuant 
to Circular No. 285 and, starting from 1 January 2019, is equal to 2.5% of risk-weighted 
assets (RWAs); 
2. 
counter-cyclical capital buffer: set by the relevant competent authority between 0% and 
2.5% (but may be set higher than 2.5% where the competent authority considers that the 
conditions in the Member State justify it), with gradual introduction from 1 January 2016 
and applying temporarily in the periods when the relevant national authorities judge the 
credit growth excessive. The counter-cyclical capital buffer for 2022 and for the first 
quarter of 2023 was set by the Bank of Italy at 0%; 
3. 
capital buffers for global systemically important institutions (G-SIIs): set as an 
“additional loss absorbency” buffer ranging from 1.0% to 3.5% determined according to 
specific indicators (e.g. size, interconnectedness, substitutability of the services 
provided, global cross-border activity and complexity), and has become fully effective 
starting from 1 January 2019, which does not apply to the Banco BPM Group; and 
4. 
capital buffers for other systemically important institutions at domestic level (O-SIIs): 
up to 2.0% as set by the relevant competent authority and must be reviewed at least 
annually, to compensate for the higher risk that such banks represent to the domestic 
financial system. On 30 November 2017 the Bank of Italy identified the Banco BPM 
Group as an O-SII. Banco BPM Group is required to respect a reserve equal to 0.25%. 
In addition, to the above-listed capital buffers, under Article 133 of the CRD IV, each Member 
State may introduce a Systemic Risk Buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital for the financial 
sector or one or more subsets of that sector in order to prevent and mitigate long-term non-
cyclical systemic or macroprudential risks not otherwise covered by the CRD IV Package, in 
the sense of a risk of disruption in the financial system with the potential of having serious 
negative consequences on the financial system and the real economy in a specific Member 
State. As at the date of this Prospectus, no provision has been taken on the systemic risk buffer 
in Italy. 
Failure to comply with such combined buffer requirements triggers restrictions on distributions 
and the need for the bank to adopt a capital conservation plan on necessary remedial actions 
(Articles 140, 141 and 141(b) of CRD IV, as amended and integrated by the EU Banking 
Reform referred to below). 
In addition, supervisors, pursuant to the CRD IV Package, may require institutions to maintain 
capital to cover other risks (so called Pillar 2 capital requirements). The combined buffer 
represents an additional layer of capital which banks need to hold to counter systemic, macro-
prudential and other risks not covered by idiosyncratic Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 minimum capital 
requirements.  
On 14 December 2022, the ECB notified Banco BPM of its final decision on the minimum 
capital ratios to be complied with by Banco BPM on an ongoing basis, based on the outcome 
of the annual SREP, conducted in compliance with Article 4(1)(f) of Regulation (EU) No. 
1024/2013. The SREP is aimed at ensuring that institutions have in place adequate

--- Page 275 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
275 
 
 
 
arrangements, strategies, processes and mechanisms to maintain the amounts, types and 
distribution of internal capital commensurate to their risk profile, as well as robust governance 
and internal control arrangements. Therefore, in compliance with Article 16(2)(a) of 
Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 which confers on the ECB the power to require supervised 
banks to hold own funds in excess of the minimum capital requirements laid down by current 
regulations, a requirement of 2.50% was introduced to be added to the minimum capital 
requirements. Such SREP requirement must be maintained by Banco BPM with 56.25% as 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) and 75% as Tier 1 Capital (Tier 1). Taking into account this 
additional capital requirement, the Banco BPM Group is required to meet, for 2023, the 
following capital ratios at consolidated level, in accordance with the transitional criteria in 
place: (i) CET1 ratio of 8.70%; (ii) Tier 1 ratio of 10.68%; (iii) Total Capital ratio of 13.32%; 
and (iv) Total SREP Capital requirement of 10.25%. Following the update of the 
countercyclical capital buffer as at 31 December 2022, which amounts to 0.011%, the 
minimum ratios that Banco BPM will have to comply with in 2023 are now equal to: (i) CET1 
ratio of 8.71%; (ii) Tier 1 ratio of 10.69%; and (iii) Total Capital ratio of 13.33%. However, 
there can be no assurance that the total capital requirements imposed on the Issuer or the Banco 
BPM Group from time to time may not be higher than the levels of capital available at such 
time. Also, there can be no assurance as to the result of any future SREP carried out by the 
ECB and whether this will impose any further own funds requirements on the Issuer or the 
Banco BPM Group. 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio and Net Stable Funding Ratio 
Further, the Basel III agreements provided for (i) the introduction of a Liquidity Coverage 
Ratio or (LCR), which expresses the ratio between the amount of available assets readily 
monetizable, in order to establish and maintain a liquidity buffer which will permit the bank to 
survive for 30 days in the event of serious stress (as of 1 January 2018, the indicator is subject 
to a minimum regulatory requirement of 100 per cent) and (ii) a Net Stable Funding Ratio 
(NSFR), with a time period of more than one year, introduced to ensure that the assets and 
liabilities have a sustainable expiry structure. The Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 
2015/61, adopted on 10 October 2014 and published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union in January 2015, specifies the calculation rules of the LCR, while the relevant provisions 
concerning NSFR are included in the amendments to the CRR comprised in the EU Banking 
Reform referred to below. With reference to the LCR, on 12 March 2020, the ECB, taking into 
account the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, announced that banks were allowed 
to operate temporarily below the minimum LCR. On 17 December 2021, the ECB stated its 
intention not to extend beyond December 2021 the liquidity relief measure that allowed banks 
to operate with a LCR below 100%. Therefore, as of 1 January 2022 all banks are required to 
maintain a LCR of above 100%. 
The EU Banking Reform 
In November 2016, the European Commission announced a comprehensive package of reforms 
to further strengthen the resilience of EU banks, resulting in the amendment of the CRD IV, 
the CRR, the BRRD and the SRM by the following:  
• 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 (CRD V) amending the Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted 
entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures;

--- Page 276 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
276 
 
 
 
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 (CRR II) amending the Capital Requirements Regulation as regards the leverage 
ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to 
collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements; 
• 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 (BRRD II) amending the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the 
loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms 
and Directive 98/26/EC; and  
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 (SRM II) amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss absorbing 
and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and entered into force 
20 days thereafter, on 27 June 2019 (the EU Banking Reform). 
Many of the changes to the CRR by CRR II, are directly applicable to the Banco BPM Group 
from that date.  
The EU Banking Reform includes, among other things, a binding 3% leverage ratio and a 
binding 100% NSFR (which will require credit institutions and systemic investment firms to 
finance their long-term activities (assets and off-balance sheet items) with stable sources of 
funding (liabilities) in order to increase banks’ resilience to funding constraints. In particular, 
the binding 3% leverage ratio is added to the own funds requirements set forth in Article 92(1) 
of the CRR. The leverage ratio requirement is a parallel requirement to the risk-based own 
funds requirements, and will apply - from June 2021 - to all credit institutions and investment 
firms that fall under the scope of the CRR, subject to selected adjustments. Institutions should 
be able to use any Tier 1 capital that they use to meet their leverage-related requirements to 
also meet their risk-based own funds requirements, including the combined buffer requirement. 
In addition, under the new Article 92(a) to the CRR, each institution that is a G-SII is expected 
to be required to comply with, commencing 1 January 2022, a leverage ratio buffer requirement 
(equal to 50% of the G-SII buffer referred to above) above the minimum leverage ratio. Failure 
by a G-SII to meet this leverage ratio buffer requirement will result in application of the 
restrictions on distribution provisions by reference to the Leverage ratio related Maximum 
Distributable Amount (L-MDA). The EU Banking Reform furthermore amends Article 131(5) 
of the CRD IV by increasing, based on a decision of the relevant supervisor, the O-SII buffer 
to up to 3% of the total risk exposure amount, and requires the Commission to investigate 
whether a leverage ratio buffer is appropriate also for O-SII. The 3% leverage ratio, the G-SII 
leverage ratio buffer requirement and the NSFR introduced by the EU Banking Reform are 
consistent with the corresponding requirements agreed upon at international level by the Basel 
Committee. 
From time to time, in line with the amendments made to the EU legislative framework, the 
Consolidated Banking Act and Circular No. 285 have been updated to reflect the relevant 
changes to the provisions of the CRR.

--- Page 277 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
277 
 
 
 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/59/EU, providing for the establishment of an EU-wide 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive or BRRD) entered into force. 
The BRRD provides the competent authorities with a set of tools to intervene sufficiently early 
and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so that it can ensure the continuity of the 
institution’s critical financial and economic functions, whilst minimising the impact of an 
institution’s failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in 
combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that: (a) an institution is failing 
or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures 
would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution 
action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to 
direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge 
institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the 
firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in 
public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets to 
one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a 
view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used 
together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which gives resolution authorities 
the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to 
convert certain unsecured debt claims into shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. shares, 
other instruments that confer ownership, instruments that are convertible into or give the right 
to acquire shares or other instruments of ownership, and instruments representing interests in 
shares or other instruments of ownership) (the General Bail-In Tool), which equity could also 
be subject to any future application of the General Bail-In Tool.  
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and made 
use of the above resolution tools (including the General Bail-In Tool) to the maximum extent 
practicable whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public 
financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public 
equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support 
must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirement of the EU state aid 
framework and the BRRD. In particular, a single resolution fund financed by bank 
contributions at a national level is being established and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 
establishes the modalities for the use of the fund and the general criteria to determine 
contributions to the fund. 
An institution will be considered to be failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near 
future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are 
likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or it requires extraordinary public financial support 
(except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the General Bail-In Tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have 
the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments at the

--- Page 278 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
278 
 
 
 
point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken (non-viability loss 
absorption).  
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of 
non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the 
institution and/or its group meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet 
been taken) or that the institution and/or its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant 
capital instruments are written-down/converted or extraordinary public support is to be 
provided and the appropriate authority determines that without such support the institution 
would no longer be viable.  
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities also have the power  with 
reference to subordinated debt instruments and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution 
under resolution – to amend or alter the maturity of such debt instruments and other eligible 
liabilities or amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments and other eligible 
liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment 
for a temporary period, except for those secured liabilities which are subject to Article 44(2) of 
the BRRD. 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by 
the Italian Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 of 16 November 2015 and 
181/2015 (together, the BRRD Decrees), both of which were published in the Italian Official 
Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 November 2015, and amended and supplemented by 
Legislative Decree No. 183 of 8 November 2021, implementing BRRD II provisions in Italy. 
In addition, because (i) Article 44(2) of the BRRD excludes certain liabilities from the 
application of the General Bail-In Tool, and (ii) the BRRD provides, at Article 44(3), that the 
resolution authority may partially or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application 
of the General Bail-In Tool, the BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu ranking 
liabilities may be treated unequally.  
With respect to the BRRD Decrees, Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015 sets 
forth provisions regulating resolution plans, the commencement and closing of resolution 
procedures, the adoption of resolution measures, crisis management related to cross-border 
groups, powers and functions of the national resolution authority and also the regulation of the 
national resolution fund. On the other hand, Legislative Decree No. 181 of 16 November 2015 
introduces certain amendments to the Consolidated Banking Act and the Financial Services 
Act, by introducing provisions regulating recovery plans, intra-group financial support, early 
intervention measures and changes to creditor hierarchy. Moreover, this decree also amends 
certain provisions regulating the extraordinary administration procedure (amministrazione 
straordinaria), in order to make them compliant with the European regulation. The regulation 
on the liquidation procedures applied to banks (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) are also 
amended in compliance with the new regulatory framework and certain new market standard 
practices. 
On 1 June 2016, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2016/860 of 4 February 2016 
(Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860) specifying further the circumstances where exclusion 
from the application of write-down or conversion powers is necessary under Article 44(3) of 
BRRD was published on the Official Journal of the European Union. In particular this 
regulation lays down rules specifying further the exceptional circumstances provided for in

--- Page 279 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
279 
 
 
 
Article 44(3) of BRRD, where the resolution authority may exclude, or partially exclude, 
certain liabilities from the application of the write down or conversion powers where the 
General Bail-In Tool is applied. The Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2016/860 entered into 
force on 21 June 2016. 
Pursuant to Article 44 (2) of the BRRD, as implemented by Article 49 of Legislative Decree 
No. 180 of 16 November 2015, resolution authorities shall not exercise the write down or 
conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their related 
hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any 
part of a secured liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments), that 
exceeds the value of the assets, pledges, lien or collateral against which it is secured. In 
addition, because (i) Article 44(2) of the BRRD excludes certain liabilities from the application 
of the General Bail-In Tool, and (ii) the BRRD provides, in Article 44(3), that the resolution 
authority may partially or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the 
General Bail-In Tool, the BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu ranking liabilities 
may be treated unequally. Accordingly, holders of the Covered Bonds may be subject to write-
down or conversion upon application of the General Bail-In Tool while other pari passu 
ranking liabilities are partially or fully excluded from such application of the General Bail-In 
Tool. The safeguard set out in Article 75 of the BRRD would not provide any protection since 
Article 75 of the BRRD only seeks to achieve compensation for losses incurred by creditors 
which are in excess of those which would have been incurred in a winding-up under normal 
insolvency proceedings rather than to address any such possible unequal treatment. 
Also, Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency 
regimes such that deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises 
in excess of the coverage level contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to 
the Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive have a ranking in normal insolvency proceedings 
which is higher than the ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred 
creditors. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including Italy, from 
amending national insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in 
insolvency higher than ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 
181 of 16 November 2015 has amended the bail-in creditor hierarchy in the case of admission 
of Italian banks and investment firms to resolution, by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, 
all deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of 
individuals and SMEs benefit from a preference in respect of senior unsecured liabilities, 
though with a ranking which is lower than that provided for individual/SME deposits exceeding 
the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme. This means that, as from 1 January 2019, 
significant amounts of liabilities in the form of large corporate and interbank deposits which 
rank pari passu with any unsecured liability owed to the Bondholders under the national 
insolvency regime currently in force in Italy, will rank higher than such unsecured liabilities in 
normal insolvency proceedings. Therefore, on application of the General Bail-In Tool, such 
creditors will be written-down/converted into equity capital instruments only after such 
unsecured liabilities. The safeguard set out in Article 75 of the BRRD (referred to above) would 
not provide any protection since, as noted above, Article 75 of the BRRD only seeks to achieve 
compensation for losses incurred by creditors which are in excess of those which would have 
been incurred in a winding-up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
Legislative Decree No. 181 of 16 November 2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the 
exercise of the statutory rights of set-off which are normally available under insolvency laws,

--- Page 280 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
280 
 
 
 
in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in the absence of an express agreement to the 
contrary.  
Therefore under the BRRD the liabilities in relation to the Covered Bonds that exceed the value 
of the Cover Pool may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity capital instruments 
or any application of the General Bail-In Tool, which may result in such holders losing some 
or all of their investment. The legislative decree intended to implement the revised Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive in Italy – namely, Legislative Decree No. 30 of 15 February 2016 
– has been published in the Italian Official Gazette No. 56 of 8 March 2016. The Decree came 
into force on 9 March 2016, except for Article 1 paragraph 3, let. A), which came into force on 
1 July 2018. Amongst other things, the Decree amends the Consolidated Banking Act and: (i) 
establishes that the maximum amount of reimbursement to depositors is EUR 100,000 (this 
level of coverage has been harmonised by the Directive and is applicable to all deposit 
guarantee schemes); (ii) lays down the minimum financial budget that national guarantee 
schemes should have; (iii) details intervention methods of the national deposit guarantee 
scheme; and (iv) harmonises the methods of reimbursement to depositors in case of insolvency 
of a credit institution. 
In addition to the capital requirements under the CRD IV Package, the BRRD introduces 
requirements for banks to maintain at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (the MREL). The aim is that the minimum 
amount should be proportionate and adapted for each category of bank on the basis of their risk 
or the composition of their sources of funding and to ensure adequate capitalisation to continue 
exercising critical functions post resolution. 
The BRRD, as amended by the EU Banking Reform, introduces a minimum harmonised MREL 
requirement (also referred to as a Pillar 1 MREL requirement) applicable to G-SIIs, to be 
satisfied only with own funds and eligible liabilities subordinated to excluded liabilities (even 
if, under specific conditions, part of the requirement may be satisfied with non subordinated 
liabilities). In addition, all EU banks will be required to comply with a bank specific (in terms 
of calibration) MREL requirement (a Pillar 2 MREL requirement), which can be satisfied 
also through the use of non subordinated liabilities, for the amount exceeding a minimum 
subordination level equal to 8% of TLOF (total liabilities and own funds) and applicable to G-
SIBs and “Top Tier” banks (banks with assets exceeding Euro 100 billion) only. However, if a 
bank is identified among the “riskiest” EU institutions, the Resolution Authority can decide to 
discretionally raise the applicable subordination requirement beyond the minimum level, in any 
case subject to the resolution authority assessment and determination. 
The Financial Stability Board published the “Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity (TLAC) Term 
Sheet” on 9 November 2015, applicable to G-SIBs (referred to as G-SIIs in the European Union 
framework). The EU Banking Reform has introduced amendments aimed at implementing and 
integrating the TLAC requirements into the general MREL rules, thereby avoiding duplication 
from the application of two parallel requirements and ensuring that both the TLAC and MREL 
requirements are met with largely similar instruments. The resolution authorities will also be 
able, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that G-SIIs comply with an 
institution-specific supplementary MREL requirement (a ‘Pillar 2’ add-on requirement). The 
TLAC requirement is at the moment applied only to the G-SIBs and consequently not 
applicable to the Banco BPM Group.

--- Page 281 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
281 
 
 
 
Under the BRRD, where an entity fails to meet its combined buffer requirement when 
considered in addition to its minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
resolution authorities have the power to prohibit certain distributions in accordance with the 
restrictions on distributions provisions by reference to the Maximum Distributable Amount. 
The Relevant Authority may furthermore exercise its supervisory powers under Article 104 of 
the CRD IV in case of breach of the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities. 
 
Financial conglomerates 
Legislative Decree No. 142 of May 30, 2005 (implementing Directive 2002/87/EC) provides 
for additional supervision (“supplementary supervision”) of banks, insurance companies and 
investment firms that are part of a “financial conglomerate”. 
The supplementary supervision rules seek to safeguard the stability of financial conglomerates 
as well as the stability of the single entities within financial conglomerates, regardless of 
whether they are regulated entities. These rules seek to prevent destabilizing effects on the 
financial system that can arise from problems with individual entities within a financial 
conglomerate. 
On November 16, 2005, the Bank of Italy entered into an agreement with IVASS to regulate, 
in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 142/2005, the capital adequacy requirements of 
financial conglomerates. In accordance with such agreement, the Bank of Italy is primarily 
responsible for supervising financial conglomerates (like our Group) that have a bank as the 
parent company. 
On 
November 16, 
2011 
the 
EU 
adopted 
Directive 2011/89/EU 
which 
amends 
Directives 98/78/EC, 
2002/87/EC, 
2006/48/EC 
and 
2009/138/EC, 
regarding 
the 
supplementary supervision of financial entities in a financial conglomerate. The Directive, inter 
alia, (i) includes asset management companies in the threshold tests for identifying a financial 
conglomerate, (ii) allows for both sector-specific (banking and insurance) supervision and 
supplementary supervision of a financial conglomerate’s parent entity, (iii) introduces a waiver 
for smaller groups if the relevant supervisor deems the group’s risks to be negligible and (iv) 
allows for risk-based assessments, in addition to existing definitions relating to size, in 
identifying financial conglomerates. Directive 2011/89/EU has been implemented by 
Legislative Decree No. 53 of March 4, 2014. 
The Legislative Decree No. 53/2014 amended the definition of “financial conglomerate” 
provided under the Legislative Decree No. 142/2005. In line with the definition set out under 
the relevant EU framework, the definition of financial conglomerate set forth in Legislative 
Decree No. 142/2005 includes any group or subgroup, which meets the following conditions:  
(a) there is a regulated entity at the head of the group or subgroup: (i) such entity is a parent 
undertaking of an entity in the financial sector, an entity which holds a participation in an entity 
in the financial sector, or an entity linked with an entity in the financial sector by a relationship 
resulting in such entities being subject to the direction of the same entity by virtue of 
agreements or by-laws’ provisions or where the majority of the members of the management, 
supervisory and control bodies of such entities are the same; (ii) at least one of the entities in 
the group or subgroup is within the insurance sector and at least one is within the banking or 
investment services sector; and (iii) the consolidated or aggregated activities of the entities in 
the group or subgroup within the insurance sector and of the entities within the banking and 
investment services sector are both significant; or (b) where there is no regulated entity at the 
head of the group or subgroup: (i) the group’s or subgroup’s activities occur mainly in the

--- Page 282 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
282 
 
 
 
financial sector; (ii) at least one of the entities in the group or subgroup is within the insurance 
sector and at least one is within the banking or investment services sector; and (iii) the 
consolidated or aggregated activities of the entities in the group or subgroup within the 
insurance sector and of the entities within the banking and investment services sector are both 
significant. 
Regulatory measures on NPLs 
Article n. 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (Capital Requirements Regulation – CRR) 
specifies the definition of default of an obligor. In this regard, Article 178 of the CRR mandates 
the EBA to detail guidelines on the application of the definition of “default”. Consequently the 
“Guidelines on the application of the definition of default under Article 178 of Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013” (the Guidelines or New DoD) ruled all provisions related to the application of 
the definition of default of an obligor. The EBA has identified different practices used by 
institutions as regards to the definition of default and provided detailed clarifications on the 
application of the definition of default, which includes aspects such as the days past due 
criterion, indications of unlikeliness to pay, conditions for a return to non-defaulted status, 
application of the default definition in a banking group and specific aspects related to particular 
exposures (e.g., public exposures, factoring exposures). 
The Bank of Italy subsequently incorporated the guidelines into national regulatory provisions 
framework (in particular Circular no. 272 of 30 July 2008 and subsequent amendments – 
“Matrice dei Conti”), applicable from 1 of January 2021, as well as having issued some 
clarifications on the matter. 
Moreover, on 14 March 2018, the European Commission published certain legislative 
proposals aimed at addressing the issues connected with the existing stock of NPLs held by 
European banks – namely (i) a proposal for a Regulation amending the CRR as regards 
minimum loss coverage for NPLs, which was later enacted through Regulation (EU) 2019/630 
of 17 April 2019, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2020/873 (the Prudential Backstop 
Regulation) (also known as calendar provisioning); (ii) a proposal for a directive on credit 
servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral; and (iii) a blueprint on asset 
management companies, accompanying the EC’s “Second Progress Report” on NPLs.  
In parallel with the above proposals, on 15 March 2018 the ECB issued an addendum, 
“Addendum to the Guidance on non-performing loans” (the ECB Addendum) to its “Guidance 
to banks on NPLs of March 2017” (the NPLs Guidance). The ECB Addendum details the 
ECB supervisory expectations as regards the minimum levels of NPLs provisioning by 
significant credit institutions. These Guidelines (based on a Pillar 2 approach, to be 
incorporated into SREP decisions) are to be applied to all new non performing exposures (i.e. 
Past Due, Unlikely to Pay, Bad Loans) classified as such since 1 April 2018. The ECB 
Addendum sets out an expectation that, as of 1 April 2018, new unsecured NPLs must be fully 
covered after a period of two years from the date of their classification as NPLs. For example, 
the supervisor would expect a loan that is classified as an unsecured NPL on 1 May 2018 to be 
fully provisioned for by May 2020. For new secured NPLs, a certain level of provisioning is 
expected after three years of classification as an NPL, or “NPL vintage, which then increases 
over time until year seven. In this case, if a secured loan was classified as an NPL on 1 May 
2018, the supervisor would expect these NPLs to be at least 40 per cent. provisioned for by 
May 2021, and totally provisioned by May 2025. The potential gap between the coverage 
envisaged by the new rules and the provisions applied at the reference date can be addressed 
through a Core Tier 1 deduction or an increase of provisions.

--- Page 283 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
283 
 
 
 
The Prudential Backstop Regulation imposes a “Pillar 1” minimum regulatory backstop for the 
provisioning of NPLs by EU banks. The minimum provisioning level is calculated by 
multiplying the value of the relevant NPLs within the portfolio by the factors indicated in the 
Prudential Backstop Regulation, which differ depending on (i) the number of years after the 
date on which the exposure was classified as non-performing, and (ii) whether the NPL is 
classified as “secured” or “unsecured” exposure (and if secured, whether the exposure is 
secured by immovable collateral or residential loan guaranteed by an eligible protection 
provider or is secured by other funded or unfunded credit protection) in accordance with the 
criteria set forth in the Prudential Backstop Regulation. In particular, under the Prudential 
Backstop Regulation the Issuer is required to apply a minimum provisioning level for NPLs 
equal to 100% after ten years (in case of exposures secured by immovable property or 
residential loan) eight years (in case of exposures secured by other funded or unfunded credit 
protection) or four years (in case of unsecured exposures) from the date when the exposure was 
classified as non-performing. If the aggregate amount of provisions and other eligible items is 
lower than such minimum provisioning level, any shortfall (so-called “insufficient coverage 
amount”) shall be fully deducted from CET1 items.  
The statutory prudential backstop applies only to exposures originated after the date of entry 
into force of the regulation and not to prior legacy exposures. However, the Prudential 
Backstop Regulation specifies that where the terms and conditions of an exposure which was 
incurred prior to the date of entry into force of the regulation are modified by the institution in 
a way that increases the institution’s exposure to the obligor, the exposure shall be considered 
as having been incurred on the date of the modification so that such exposure becomes subject 
to the new regime including the statutory prudential backstop. 
On 22 August 2019 the ECB published a revised version of its supervisory expectations for 
prudential provisioning for NPLs, as set forth in the ECB Addendum, with a view to align such 
expectations to the regulatory approach followed under the Prudential Backstop Regulation. 
The main changes introduced by the ECB relate to: (i) the scope of the supervisory expectations 
for new NPLs, which is now limited to NPLs arising from loans originated before 26 April 
2019 (which are not subject to the Pillar 1 treatment provided under the Prudential Backstop 
Regulation); and (ii) the time frames for the relevant prudential provisioning, the progressive 
path to full implementation and the split of secured exposures and other guaranteed exposures, 
which have been aligned to the Prudential Backstop Regulation. 
 
In the context of the actions taken by the supervisory authorities to mitigate the effect of the 
COVID-19 pandemic on the EU banks’ capital requirements, the European Central Bank and 
the European Banking Authority have issued statements in March 2020 aimed at providing 
clarity on aspects related to (i) the classification of loans in default, (ii) the identification of 
forborne exposures and (iii) the accounting treatment, with the ultimate goal to support 
government actions addressing the adverse systemic economic impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic, which have mostly taken the form of general moratoria and payment holidays. In 
this respect, in April 2020 the European Commission has also published (i) a proposal to amend 
the CRR in order to mitigate the negative effects of the COVID-19 pandemic by adapting the 
timeline of the application of international accounting standards on EU banks’ capital, treating 
more favourably public guarantees granted during this crisis, postponing the date of application 
of the leverage ratio buffer and excluding certain exposures from the calculation of the leverage 
ratio; and (ii) an interpretative communication confirming the flexibility available to EU banks 
with respect to the classification of loans in connection with public and private moratoria.

--- Page 284 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
284 
 
 
 
Also at a country level, the Italian Government has acted to introduce two reforms that might 
have impact on the forthcoming NPLs market. In particular: 
- 
the reform of the Italian Bankruptcy Law, published on February 2019, introduced new 
requirements for business in order to timely identify and prevent financial crisis, with 
a specific timeline; 
- 
the Decree for Growth (Decreto Crescita), published on April 2019, introduced new 
measures that could be easily applicable to still active borrowers, such as public 
guarantees on lending to SMEs, public aid on new financing and new securitization 
rules. 
Payment Services Directive 
On 13 November 2007, the European Parliament and the Council adopted Directive 
2007/64/EC (PSD1) to harmonize the payment services market and remove legal barriers for 
payments throughout the EU. PSD1 has, among others, introduced a licensing system for 
market access by payment service providers and regulated the relationship between payment 
service providers and consumers. PSD1 was intended to improve competition by opening up 
payment markets to new entrants, thereby encouraging greater efficiency and cost reduction, 
and, at the same time, to support the creation of a Single European Market for Retail Payment 
Services (SEPA). 
On 25 November 2015, PSD1 was repealed by Directive (EU) No 2015/2366 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council (PSD2), in light of the progress made in the integration of the 
payments market in the EU and the considerable technical innovations that have occurred since 
the adoption of PSD1. PSD2 seeks to address the evolution of the payments market and respond 
to certain shortcomings of the previous regime, including, in particular: (i) the uneven 
application of the relevant rules in the different EU Member States; (ii) the existence of 
numerous exemptions from the scope of PSD1; and (iii) the regulatory vacuum in which many 
operators in the sector have operated under PSD1. 
To this end, PSD2 has: (i) broadened the scope of application of the provisions on payment 
services; (ii) introduced new payment services to cover services previously seen as merely 
complementary, such as the provision of payment orders and account information; and (iii) 
strengthened safeguards against operational and security risks related to payment services. 
The framework outlined by PSD2 supplemented by the implementing regulations of the 
European Commission that are directly applicable to recipients and by the guidelines 
established by the EBA (EBA). 
Within the framework set out in PSD2, it is envisaged, among others, that: 
- 
unless the payment service user has acted fraudulently, in the case of an unauthorized 
payment transaction resulting from the use or misappropriation of a lost or stolen 
payment instrument, the payment service provider7 shall reimburse the amount of the 
unauthorized payment transaction that was executed after the loss, theft or 
misappropriation was reported to it. Notwithstanding the above, the payer may be obliged 
to bear the loss relating to unauthorized payment transactions resulting from the use of a 
lost or stolen payment instrument or from its misappropriation up to a maximum of 
                                                   
7 Banks fall within the definition of “payment services providers”.

--- Page 285 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
285 
 
 
 
€50,000; and 
- 
in relation to information security, payment service providers are called upon to establish 
a framework of mitigation measures and appropriate control mechanisms to manage 
operational and security risks, relating to the payment services they provide, establish 
and manage effective incident management procedures, including for the identification 
and classification of serious operational and security incidents. Payment service 
providers are also required to initiate a process of archiving, monitoring and controlling 
access to sensitive payment data and are required to implement Strong Customer 
Authentication (SCA) when a payment service user accesses his payment account online, 
or makes an online payment, or carries out any action which may imply a risk of payment 
fraud or other abuse. 
In Italy, the fundamental principles governing the provision of payment services are contained 
in Legislative Decree no. 11 of January 27, 2010 (Decree on Payment Services), which 
implemented PSD1 and the Consolidated Banking Act. Legislative Decree no. 218 of 15 
December 2017 (Decree no. 218) implemented PSD2 in Italy, making significant changes to 
both the Consolidated Banking Act and the Decree on Payment Services. SCA is regulated in 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/389 of 27 November 2017 supplementing 
Directive (EU) 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to 
regulatory technical standards for strong customer authentication, and common and secure 
open standards of communication. 
 
Anti-money laundering 
The Banco BPM Group is subject to the provisions of law and regulations aimed at preventing 
money laundering and terrorist financing. These provisions are mainly contained in: 
 
Legislative Decree no. 231/07, as amended by: 
- 
Legislative Decree no. 90 of 25 May 2017, which amended Legislative Decree no. 
231 of 21 November 2007 (Decree 231/2007), implementing Directive (EU) 
2015/849 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purpose of 
money laundering and terrorist financing, and amending Directives 2005/60/EC and 
2006/70/EC and implementing Regulation (EU) no. 2015/847 on information 
accompanying transfers of funds that repeals Regulation (EC) no. 1781/2006; and 
- 
Legislative Decree no. 125 of 4 October 2019, which amended, inter alia, Legislative 
Decree no. 90 of 25 May 2017, implementing Directive (EU) 2018/843, amending 
Directive (EU) 2015/849 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the 
purpose of money laundering and terrorist financing and that amends Directives 
2009/138/EC and 2013/36/EU; 
 
the provisions adopted by the Bank of Italy, pursuant to Article 7, paragraph 1, letter a) 
of Decree 231/2007: 
- 
the provisions adopted on 26 March 2019, regarding the organisation, procedures 
and internal controls aimed at preventing the use of intermediaries for the purposes 
of money laundering and terrorist financing; and 
- 
the provisions adopted on 30 July 2019, regarding the adequate verification of clients 
and for the fight against money laundering and terrorist financing;

--- Page 286 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
286 
 
 
 
 
the provisions adopted by the Bank of Italy on 24 March 2020, pursuant to Articles 31, 
32 and 34 paragraph 3, regarding the storage and making available of documents, data 
and information for the fight against money laundering and terrorist financing; and 
 
the provision regarding instructions on objective communications, adopted by the UIF 
(the Italian Financial Intelligence Unit) on 28 March 2019, pursuant to Article 47 of 
Decree 231/2007. 
The abovementioned regulatory framework determines the requirement for the Issuer and the 
Banco BPM Group to, among other things, comply with the obligations on: (i) the adequate 
verification of customers; (ii) retention of data; (iii) reporting of suspicious transactions to the 
Financial Intelligence Unit set up at the Bank of Italy; (iv) adequate training of personnel; (v) 
sending aggregate anti-money laundering reports; and (vi) the implementation of provisions on 
the limitation of the use of cash and bearer securities; and (vii) carrying out a periodical 
assessment of the group’s exposure to the risk of money laundering and terrorist financing. 
MiFID II – Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments 
In relation to the investment services carried out by the Issuer, the latter is subject to EU 
Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments (MiFID II) and Regulation EU 
600/2014 (MIFIR). It is a cornerstone of the EU’s regulation of financial markets seeking to 
improve their competitiveness by creating a single market for investment services and activities 
and to ensure a high degree of harmonised protection for investors in financial instruments. 
MiFID II sets out: 
 
conduct of business and organisational requirements; 
 
obligation to provide information; 
 
regulatory reporting; 
 
trade transparency obligation; 
record keeping obligation. 
Covered Bond Legislative Package  
On 18 December 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 amending 
the CRR have been published in the Official Journal of the European Union. They will apply 
from 8 July 2022. 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 (the CB Directive) lays down rules on the issuance requirements, 
structural features, public supervision and publication obligations for covered bonds. 
Compared with the UCITS, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 provides for a number of more complex 
structural requirements, such as the dual recourse and the bankruptcy remoteness tools. The 
Directive at hand also establishes specific requirements for a liquidity reserve and introduces 
the possibility of joint funding and intragroup pooled covered bond structures in order to 
facilitate the issuance of covered bonds by small credit institutions. Moreover, the Directive 
provides the authorities of the Member States with the task of monitoring compliance of 
covered bond issuances with the abovementioned requirements and regulates the conditions 
for obtaining the authorisation to carry out the activity of issuance of covered bonds in the 
context of a covered bond programme.

--- Page 287 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
287 
 
 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 introduces some amendments to Article 129 of the CRR, providing 
for additional requirements for covered bonds to be eligible for the relevant preferential 
treatment. In particular, the Regulation introduces a rule allowing exposures to credit 
institutions rated in credit quality step 2 up to a maximum of 10% of the total exposure of the 
nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the issuing institution, without the need to 
consult the EBA. The Regulation also requires a minimum level of overcollateralization in 
order to mitigate the most relevant risks arising in the case of the issuer’s insolvency or 
resolution.  
Moreover, several additional changes to the LCR Delegated Regulation are proposed in order 
to align the LCR Delegated Regulation with Article 129 of the CRR, as amended by Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2160. The consultation remained opened until 24 November 2020. 
On 8 May 2021, the European Delegation Law 2019 has entered into force. It delegated the 
Italian Government to implement – inter alia – Directive (EU) 2019/2162. According to the 
European Delegation Law 2019: 
 
the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by 
Article 17 of Directive (EU) 2019/2162, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with 
extendable maturity structures; and 
 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise 
the option to set for covered bonds a minimum level of overcollateralization lower 
than the thresholds set out under Article 1 of Regulation (EU) 2019/2162 (i.e. 2% or 
5% depending on the assets included in the cover pool). 
The CB Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of Legislative 
Decree 5 November 2021, n. 190 which modifies Law 30 April 1999, n. 130 which was 
published in the Official Gazzette No. 285 of 30 November 2021 (the Decree 190/2021) and 
entered into force on 1 December 2021. In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the national 
legislator chose to exercise the following options provided by Directive (EU) 2019/2162: (i) 
the possibility not to apply the liquidity requirement of the cover pool limited to the period 
covered by the liquidity requirement provided for in Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) 
the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered bonds with extendable maturity structures; 
(iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity requirement of the cover pool in 
case of programmes with extendable maturity by taking as a reference the extended final 
maturity date for the payment of principal, as opposed to the scheduled maturity date. 
Moreover, the Decree 190/2021 designates the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the 
public supervision of the covered bonds, which is entrusted with the issuing of the 
implementing regulations by 8 July 2022. Bank of Italy issued such implementing regulations 
on 30 March 2023 by publishing an amendment to Section 3, paragraph 3 of the Bank of Italy 
Regulations.

--- Page 288 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
288 
 
 
 
CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICY 
 
Credit policies 
Mortgage Loans are entered into by the Originator as mutui fondiari and mutui ordinari 
ipotecari. 
The Borrowers pay either a monthly, quarterly and semi-annually loan instalment by direct 
debit from their accounts, or by cash payment or by MAV. 
The decision to enter into and advance a Mortgage Loan is taken at the appropriate decision-
making level in the Originator in according with limits defined in the Credit Policy  
The analysis and credit-decision process is supported by a preliminary investigation of the loan 
which takes into account multiple risk factors and fully covers the grant from the “request” to 
the fund “allocation”. The main criteria adopted are as follows: 
1. 
The credit worthiness of each single debtor is ascertained through an internal rating 
process to be attributed to the debtor, automatically updated from time to time upon 
occurrence of certain circumstances. 
2. 
In addition to the internal rating process, in determining the credit worthiness of a debtor, 
evaluations are being made as to the past performance of such debtor and any of its 
related entities and/or guarantors. 
3. 
Loan to value ratios do not exceed 80%.  
4. 
Mortgage over real estate properties (which is first ranking in an economic sense) is 
150% than the loan amount. 
The main documents the customer has to provide for a loan procedure are: 
1. 
Certificates from the registry office regarding the applicant and the other parties involved 
in the signature of the loan agreement; 
2. 
income documentation and any other documentation proving the ability to repay; 
3. 
technical documentation for the assets offered as guarantee (e.g. title deeds and land 
registry certificates); and 
4. 
a Notary's report. 
The same documentation described in points 1 and 2 is requested also for the guarantors. 
Moreover, apart from the above documentation, additional documentation shall be requested, 
depending on the type of debtor: 
- 
if the applicant is the owner of an individual firm or is an independent professional: 
a) 
registration in the Professional Register and/or Chamber of Commerce; 
b) 
accounts and tax documentation linked to the business in question; 
c) 
useful information on the business in question (e.g. sector performance, corporate 
development programme, etc.).

--- Page 289 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
289 
 
 
 
- 
if the applicant is a company: 
a) 
articles of Association and last available copy of these for the company; 
b) 
updated Chamber of Commerce certificate, from which can be proved, for the 
company and its directors, the non-existence of bankruptcy proceedings and the 
validity of the appointments; 
c) 
statement on the assignment of proxy powers (if necessary); 
d) 
balance sheet with income statement for the current financial period; 
e) 
financial statements for the last two financial periods (if belonging to a group with 
consolidated financial statements and financial statements for the most important 
companies in the group); 
f) 
updated report on bank guarantees and how they are used. 
After the approval, the preparation of the documentation and the conclusion of the Mortgage 
Loans are delegated to the Back Offices Department (BO) which: 
- 
enter the transaction in the internal mortgage procedure; 
- 
appoint a surveyor to evaluate the property; 
- 
verify that the property insurance is in favour of the Originator; 
- 
prepare the minutes of the mortgage loan; 
- 
check property documentation received by the notary; and 
- 
upon successful completion of the previous activity checks, update the mortgage loan 
status to “payable”; 
- 
upon request of the agency send the minutes to the notary for the mortgage contract 
signature. 
Once the bank and the customer stipuled the contract and the notary registered the mortgage, 
relevant documents are sent to the Back Office that stores them. 
The Back Office Department, based on the necessary feasibility analyses and in compliance 
with the applicable credit/authorization decision, is also responsible for: 
- 
on economic conditions: verifying the coherence between the single operation and the 
internal credit decision and the internal regulations and verifying the mortgage validity; 
- 
issuance of specific certifications requested by the borrowers, in particular the 
certifications concerning the amount of interest to be paid/expenses sustained; 
- 
pre-payment of the Mortgage Loans, which involves the reduction to nil of the 
outstanding balance of the loan and is often accompanied by a request for the release of 
the Mortgage;

--- Page 290 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
290 
 
 
 
- 
preparation of amendments and other acts ancillary to the Mortgage Loans Agreements, 
such as: 
• 
the extension of the Mortgage Loan, following a restructuring of the transaction or 
an extension of payments; 
• 
the taking over (accollo) of the loan, customarily requested by the purchaser of the 
Real Estate Asset, as a method to pay part of the purchase price; 
• 
the reduction/cancellation of the Mortgage, or the partial or total release of the 
Mortgage; and 
• 
any request made to the insurance companies for the release of the vincolo on the 
insurance policies.

--- Page 291 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
291 
 
 
 
Collection policies 
The monitoring of credit risk is carried out also by defining processes for monitoring and 
managing performing loans as well as loans included in the watch list and non-performing 
loans.  
For each of these processes, Banco BPM Group uses IT procedures in support of the activities 
of the Managers.  
The Collection Policies described below are consistent with the credit status of each borrower 
position.  
Monitoring and managing loans classified as performing  
The Customer Relationship Manager, who is the responsible for managing the relationship with 
customers included in his portfolio, plays a crucial role in the monitoring process. 
The Customer Relationship Manager is responsible for handling relationships with customers 
as well as acting in order to maintain and improve credit quality by closely monitoring the 
evolution of relationships.  
The process of monitoring and managing performing loans consists of a set of activities carried 
out by the Customer Relationship Manager and by other internal departments which are 
responsible for credit monitoring and controls in order to guarantee that the credit relationship 
with the counterparty remains in performing status and to promptly detect any signs of delay 
and/or irregularity. 
In particular, with reference to mortgages, the systematic examination of the evidences reported 
by the automatic performance assessment tools and the monitoring of compliance with the 
commitments allow the rapid activation of the Customer Relationship Manager for a concrete 
solution of the problems detected, facilitating the timely recruitment of measures to maintain 
the relationship performing (alias “in bonis”). 
Referring to the latter, an IT system of “credit warnings” is put in place, within which, in the 
section “detection of overruns”, all the daily overrides on credit lines and overdue installments 
are reported every day. In these situations, the Relationship Manager contacts the customer to 
verify the reasons for the failure or partial payment and, consequently, to propose the most 
appropriate actions (accept the overrun because the payment will take place in a short period 
of time, propose a renegotiation to decrease the installment amount, propose a suspension of 
payments for a specific period of time, etc.). A specific IT system called “ELISE” (), dedicated 
to the management of loans and used both by the Back Office department and by the entire 
Branch network, sends communications to debtors on regular basis, at each unpaid instalment 
at due date. The automatic alerts are sent on the last working day of the month in which the 
instalment is due when the due date is at least three working days before the end of the month. 
Otherwise, the alerts are sent on the last working day of the following month. 
For performing positions (“in bonis”), the Bank grants a few days within which the payment 
can be made without any consequences. For all payments made in this period, default interests 
are not applied and the value date of the payment of the instalment is the original due date. 
After that date, default interests contractually agreed start to be applied up to the maximum 
limit set by provisions on usury. The “usurious” interest rate is defined by a decree of the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance on quarterly basis (the current legislation envisages that the 
verification of non-usury of default rates is carried out, as for the corresponding interest 
payments, at the agreement and not at the payment).

--- Page 292 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
292 
 
 
 
Irrespectively of the Relationship Manager’s behavior, the IT system automatically intercepts 
(i.e. in a way which is independent from elements of discretion of the Relationship Manager) 
the positions that show the first signals of anomaly. Thus, the IT system will insert these 
positions in a specific “watch list”. 
Monitoring and managing “watch list loans” 
For all the positions classified as performing, where anomalies are detected through trend risk 
indicators - the valuation is expressed by the counterparty’s internal rating and other 
particularly serious events concerning the credit quality - are included in a “watch list” properly 
supported by an IT procedure. 
The “Monitoring of performing credit” process consists of a set of activities carried out by the 
Relationship Manager along with other people responsible for credit monitoring and control; 
these activities are aimed at promptly identify any signals of tensions and/or irregularity as well 
as to carry out any interventions required to restore the position to a performing status or, when 
this is not possible, to take the necessary actions to protect the Bank’s credit claims. 
According to the process, the Relationship Manager maintains the responsibility to manage the 
customers belonging to his own portfolio with the aim to put in place the necessary 
management actions to bring the relationship back to regular conditions. Assessment 
objectivity is ensured through a system of rules aimed at guaranteeing, both during the internal 
classification and during the identification of the related management actions, the put into place 
of adequate mechanisms of organizational interaction between the roles responsible for the 
relationship management (Relationship Manager) and the credit quality control roles 
(“Monitoring and default prevention” structure and “Credit governance” of the parent 
company). 
The phases of the abovementioned process, with the support of the PMG IT procedure, involve: 
- 
on daily basis, the automatic identification of positions with irregularities that requires 
the adoption of dedicated management interventions; 
- 
the Relationship Manager’s analysis in order to properly evaluate the risk, considering 
any participation in Groups of linked borrowers as well as relationships in place with 
other companies within the Banking Group; 
- 
analysis of consistency of the calculated rating and assessment of the need to activate a 
potential rating override process; 
- 
classification, within the process, in an “management category” consistent with the type 
of irregularity found and with the timing of recovery of regular operations; 
- 
the definition of behavior and actions, within the pre-determined period of time, whose 
outcome is subject to measurement; 
- 
the maintenance of the performing classification and the automatic exclusion from the 
watch list either when the interception causes are no longer verified or through a specific 
decision taken by the decision making bodies (Organi della Banca) when it has been 
verified the absence of the financial difficulty of the customer and there are no exposures 
that benefit from an active measure of tolerance; 
- 
the classification with a higher level of risk is realized automatically either when all the 
conditions for the classification under Past Due or Unlikely to Pay have been found or

--- Page 293 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
293 
 
 
 
through an automatic or manual request and then approved by the decision making bodies 
defined in the “Regulations of the limits of autonomy and powers for loan granting and 
management”. 
To support the recovery of exposures against “Private” and “Business” customers up to 300k 
of exposure, the “watch list loan reminder” process has been put in place and it is triggered 
when the first delay occurs in the payment of the loan periodical installment or for negative 
bank account balance . 
This process pursues the objective of promptly implementing the actions necessary to collect 
exposure of the the position, avoiding customer’s default and simultaneously maintaining the 
relationship with the customer. 
The process is supported by the IT procedure named “Recupera” integrated into the PMG 
system, which governs a series of actions, starting from the written reminder to the borrower, 
to the telephone contact and the assignment of debt recovery to different external recovery 
companies according the persistence of the unpaid positions. 
The management of the positions within the “watch list loan reminder” process is highlighted 
to the Relationship Manager to avoid any overlap of the actions taken by the external recovery 
companies with those taken internally by the Bank. Furthermore, the IT procedure permits to 
identify in any moment the list of the position under management along with their level of 
insolvency, updated accounting data, the plaintiff and the action underway as well as the results 
of solicit actions that have been already carried out. 
Exposures with unpaid amounts are in any case subject to monitoring activities set by another 
IT procedure Definition of Default (DOD) with the aim to verify the achievement of time and 
materiality thresholds for the automatic classification as non-performing loan (Past due) 
defined by art 178 of L. 675/2013 . 
Monitoring and managing “Forbearance positions” 
Banco BPM has defined the criteria for the identification and management of “Forbearance” 
or “Forborne loan”. 
The renegotiation of contractual agreements of a loan, granted to the customer in order to allow 
him to meet his requirements despite the situation of financial difficulty that he is going 
through, constitutes a measure of forbearance by the Bank. 
The Decision-making Bodies of the performing or non-performing loan chain are liable for 
certifying, when deciding on the loan proposal, the consistency or inconsistency, with respect 
to the elements examined, of the valuation made by the “Proposer” (Relationship manager) 
regarding the situation of financial difficulty of the borrower and to the identification of the 
concession as a forbearance measure in relation to each granted credit facility. 
Once classified as “forborne”, exposures are managed as part of the referred processes 
(“Monitoring and managing non-performing loans” for “Impaired forbearance exposures” and 
“Performing loan monitoring and management” for “Other forborne exposures”). 
Following the concession of forbearance, the exposure is monitored in order to: 
a) 
ensure the regular performance of the relationships with customers and the persistence 
of conditions for (i) the ceasing of the forborne status with reference to customers 
classified as performing (“in bonis”) or for (ii) the reclassification as performing, by 
maintaining the forbearance measure (under probation) for customers that have been 
already classified as “Impaired forbearance exposures”;

--- Page 294 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
294 
 
 
 
b) 
identify and evaluate the events that may anticipate the ineffectiveness of the forbearance 
concession, referable to (i) the failure to comply with any new deadlines agreed, (ii) to 
the onset of an overdraft or (iii) to the downgrade of creditworthiness consequently to 
events that may compromise the full recovery of the exposure. 
With reference to points a) and b), the following two cases are observed: 
1. The position respects the forbearance agreements  
Termination of the forborne loan condition for performing positions  
The Customer Relationship Manager verifies the persistence of the following conditions in 
order to declare the end of the condition of forborne loan and consequently activates the process 
of reclassification as performing (“in bonis”) of the exposure already identified as “Other 
forborne exposures”:  
- 
at least 24 months must have elapsed from the granting of forbearance as part of the 
classification of the position as performing;  
- 
the debtor must not have positions about to become past due (considering the tangible 
thresholds currently into force) for more than 30 days;  
- 
the payment of the amount due, as indicated by the forbearance concession, must have 
been made on a regular basis in the past 12 months and must have involved a “more than 
insignificant” portion of the principal or interest;  
- 
no elements should lead to classify the position as non-performing loans.  
The decision concerning the end of the forborne loan condition and the subsequent 
reclassification as performing of the exposure already identified as “Other forborne exposures” 
is made by the “Monitoring and Prevention Default department” of the BBPM through a 
process procedurally verified, which allows to check the objective elements of regularity of the 
position as well as the Monitoring Manager’s declaration about the absence of subjective 
elements (including any valuation of “non insignificance” of the repaid loan).  
Reclassification as performing of “Impaired forbearance exposures” maintaining the condition 
of forborne loan  
Positions classified as Unlikely to Pay, which are beneficiaries of a forbearance measure, for 
which (i) at least 12 months have elapsed from the granting of forbearance or the end of 
payment holidays schema and (ii) do not show any past due or overdraft, are automatically 
recognized on daily basis. 
To initiate the proposal for the classification as “performing”, the Manager of the non-
performing position verifies the absence of concerns regarding the full payment of the due 
amount when one of the following conditions is met: 
- 
the amount of the exposure, that at the time of the forbearance concession was classified 
as past due or overdraft, has been fully paid; 
- 
the amount paid is equal to the credit that may have been written off as part of the credit 
restructuring agreement or; 
- 
the customer’s ability to comply with terms and conditions indicated by the forbearance 
concession has been demonstrated.

--- Page 295 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
295 
 
 
 
Following a valuation of the financial situation of the borrower, the decision concerning the 
reclassification as performing (“in bonis”) of the “Impaired forbearance exposures” (non-
performing positions) is taken through the approval of the authorized Body as defined by the 
“Regulations of the limits of autonomy and powers for loan granting and management”. 
Following the resolution of reclassification as performing, the position maintains the 
forbearance condition (forbearance under probation) and the identification as “Other forborne 
exposures”. This condition can be declared as terminated only when all the above mentioned 
conditions exist with reference to the “termination of the forborne loan condition for 
performing positions”. 
2. The position doesn’t respects the forbearance agreements 
If the position has registered a default after the grant of the forbearance status, the process 
provides the immediate solicitation to the customer in order to settle the position. 
Once the necessary time for the solicitation to the client and for the verification of the causes 
that determined the default has expired, the Customer Relationship Manager for the position 
identified as “Other forborne exposures” or the Manager responsible for the non-performing 
position for “Impaired forbearance exposures” will evaluate whether the events, that may also 
be independent of the granted forbearance, require the consideration of a more precautionary 
measure to protect the loan. Furthermore, this valuation takes into consideration the proposal 
to attribute a higher risk to the position and, in particular: 
- 
as “Unlikely to Pay”, for positions classified as “performing”; 
- 
as “Unlikely to Pay” with management class “revoked”, with closure of credit lines and 
immediate notice to pay sent to the borrower for the positions classified as “Past Due” or 
already classified as “Unlikely to Pay”. 
The decision on the classification as “Unlikely to Pay” is taken through resolution of the 
authorized Body, on the proposal of a proponent (see the section “Classification of positions in 
non-performing loans categories”). 
If an exposure, already reclassified from “non-performing” (“Impaired forbearance 
exposures”) to “performing loans” or “in bonis” (“Other forborne exposures”), has had 
positions that are about to be classified as Past Due (considering the tangible thresholds 
currently into force) for more than 30 days or benefits from a further forbearance concession, 
it is automatically classified as unlikely to pay. 
Classification in non-performing loans categories 
The process of “Classification of positions in non-performing loans categories” lays down the 
rules and responsibilities of the Relationship Manager and those of the Manager of the Non-
performing Position aimed at ensuring the consistency of the operational status of the position 
with the deterioration of the risk profile of the customer and compliance with the Supervisory 
provisions.  
Futhermore, the process is designed to ensure the return of the position to a performing status 
when the causes that determined the classification within the non-performing loans categories 
no longer exist, coherently with the rules established by the European Banking Authority 
(EBA) on forbearance and non-performing exposures, by art. 178 of the European Regulation 
675/15 and by the Bank of Italy on the new “classification in non-performing loans categories” 
(see update of Circular n.272 “Accounts Matrix”, Chap. II “Credit Quality”).

--- Page 296 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
296 
 
 
 
The expected classifications are: “Past due and/or overdue non-performing exposures” (Past 
Due), “Unlikely to Pay” and “Bad Loans”. 
The classification as Past Due is carried out automatically for the positions that reach the 
thresholds envisaged by the ECB Default Guidelines. 
Exposures to parties experiencing temporary financial hardship are defined Unlikely to Pay 
whereby the debtor is assessed by the Bank as unlikely to pay its credit obligations in full (for 
the principal and interest) without collateral enforcement. 
This valuation is carried out by the Manager regardless of the presence of any overdue or 
installments past due and not paid. Therefore, it is not necessary to wait for any explicit sign 
of irregularity (failure to repay or non-redemption) if there are elements or indicators that may 
imply the risk of default of the borrower (for example, even a crisis of the industrial sector in 
which the debtor operates). 
In order to guarantee the promptness of the credit recovery process, some automatic methods 
for the classification as Unlikely to Pay have been provided for those positions that: 
- 
persist as non-performing Past Due for more than 180 days; 
- 
are in performing or past due non-performing status with credit facilities or overdrafts 
exceeding 1,500.00 euro, which are classified as “Sofferenze” by Centrale dei Rischi; 
- 
showing one of the following states: bankruptcy, “concordato preventivo”, “liquidazione 
coatta amministrativa” or “pregiudizievoli gravi” (in case of banckrupcy events and 
similia there’s an automatic classification to UTP); 
- 
following a forbearance concession, have undergone a loss of more than 1% (in this case, 
there’s an automatic classification); 
- 
have received one forbearance measure and the loss is equal or less than 1%; 
- 
if the positon is part of a group of connected companies and a) the head company is 
classified into bad loans (sofferenze) or b) the total exposure of the group is more of 70%  
defaulted. 
These events require an UTP assessment by the competent Customer Relationship Manager a) 
autonomously if the position exposure is <=100k€, b) with the support of Default Preventing 
office for exposure > 100k. 
The UTP assessment is then subject to an approval process, managed through IT system 
LAWEB, which requires the review of intermediate Bodies (“parere intermedio”) responsible 
for providing a non binding opinion, and the final decision by decision-making Body based on 
the amount of the exposure to be classified. 
Finally, exposures to insolvent customers (even if they have not yet been legally acknowledged 
as such) or customers in similar positions, regardless of any anticipated loss formulated by the 
Bank, are to be classified as Bad Loans. In this cases the existence of any (real or personal) 
personal guarantee to protect the loans is not considered. 
The classification to bad loans is managed through IT system LAWEB, requires the review of 
intermediate Bodies (“parere intermedio”) responsible for providing a non binding opinion, 
and the final decision by decision-making Body based on the amount of the exposure to be 
classified.

--- Page 297 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
297 
 
 
 
If a position is defined OMR (Relevant) or OS (significant) according to internal policy, the 
classification process could be subject to a mandatory review of a Risk Management structure. 
Monitoring and managing non-performing loans 
The management of non-performing loans in Banco BPM Group is primarily based on a model 
that assigns the management of a defined non-performing portfolio to specialized managers 
(Non-performing loan managers). 
Positions are assigned to individual Managers using an automatic process based on the 
geographic location of the loan, identified according to the Branch, Business Area and Area 
Office to which the customer is associated and on the total exposure of the position. However, 
it is possible to manage exceptions, through a controlled process, to assign a position to a 
different Manager from the one identified automatically, as well as for temporary situations. 
Processes for monitoring and managing non-performing loans are differentiated based on: 
- 
the exposure’s classification status, which distinguishes between customers with Bad 
Loans positions and customers with other non-performing loan statuses: 
- 
the amount of the exposure, based on its size (at the customer’s Economic Group level); 
- 
the product, distinguishing between “leasing” exposures and other types of exposure; 
Past Due and Unlikely to pay: 
With reference to the amount of the exposure and the type of the counterparty, the responsibility 
for the management of positions, at the time of classification:  
- 
up to euro 30,000, remains attributed to the Head of the Branch (Branches), 
- 
over euro 30,000 and up to 5 million, is assigned to specialized personnel of the “UTP 
Retail” unit 
- 
over 5 million is assigned to “Strategic Positions and restructuring” office; 
With reference to smaller positions, which remain under the responsibility of the Branches, the 
management is supported by a very detailed and guided process, with time limits defined 
beforehand and with minimal discretion.  
The process of monitoring and managing larger positions, which is always assigned to 
specialized managers, allows more flexible and customized solutions.  
The processes are designed to govern the actions of the manager and to detect any inaction. 
For positions classified as Past Due or Unlikely to Pay, the non-performing loan Managers are 
responsible for management decisions regarding the positions assigned to their respective 
portfolios, in compliance with established decision-making powers, but they are supported in 
administrative management by the managers (Client Relationship Manager) of the Network in 
which portfolio the relationship as well as the economic results achieved are still attributed. 
For legal requirements, the Managers of non-performing loans receive support from an internal 
legal structure, which belongs to the Legal Department and Regulatory Affairs. It is structured 
in order to carry out in the best way possible its advisory activities to the central office 
structures and the Branch Network.

--- Page 298 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
298 
 
 
 
To ensure an efficient loan management, powers are assigned to the Decision-Making bodies 
of the Branch and to the Headquarter competent units in proportion with the above-mentioned 
operational limits and with the associated operational needs  
The system of levels of autonomy and operational powers is structured to protect the Bank 
from conflicts of interest through the attribution of decision-making responsibilities in the 
matter of classification to higher or lower risk classes, value adjustments (provisioning) or the 
waiver of loans, to Bodies higher than those that manage the positions. 
The bank has in place a servicing agreement with external specialized companies for “Non 
performing portfolio” who manage the process of solicitation of unpaid amount and or negative 
exposure. Servicing activity is supported by a specific workflow integrated into LAWEB 
procedure.   
All positions classified as Unlikely to Pay in exceeding 30,000 euro are subject to a six-monthly 
review by the Manager of the non-performing position in order to verify the progress of the 
relationship with the customer and his financial position, as well as to define the consistency 
of expected losses with respect to such assessments. The review may be required in advance if 
the IT system automatically detects the occurrence of certain pre-codified detrimental 
conditions.   
Within the review activities, as regards the determination of the expected losses, we distinguish 
two cases: 
- 
within the relevant threshold of euro 1,000,000 the loss provisions are automatically set 
by the IT procedure (collective approach); 
- 
beyond the relevant threshold: the manager of the non-performing position must perform 
an analytical assessment within 30 days from the classification of the position as Unlikely 
to Pay, meanwhile (and as a precautionary measure) the loss forecasts automatically 
assigned to the position are calculated as for positions under threshold. In the assessment, 
the Manager must explicitly specify the methodology adopted for the identification of 
the cash flows (Going or Gone Concern). 
In case of real estate collateral, the Manager of the non-performing position must consider the 
market value “with assumption” of the guarantee in the assessment. The value is determined 
taking into consideration the fire sale value1 (SRV) of the asset. In case of individual guarantee 
positions, with gross exposure: 
- 
greater than the relevant threshold of euro 300,000: the value of the asset must be certified 
by an appraisal. Considering this valuation, the Manager of the non-performing position 
must renew the appraisal during the classification of the exposure as Unlikely to Pay and, 
subsequently, every 12 months. If the value of the real estate collateral of the individual 
position has already been estimated and it is lower than euro 300,000, the update of the 
appraisal is evaluated on the basis of the incidence of the value of the real estate collateral 
on the gross exposure; 
- 
lower than the relevant threshold of euro 300,000: the value of the real estate property is 
automatically updated every six months through the use of price changes provided by a 
specialized third party company that uses methodologies based on the revision of the data 
provided by the Italian Internal Revenue Agency (Real Estate Market Observatory).

--- Page 299 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
299 
 
 
 
In order to prudently consider any depreciation of real estate properties provided as collateral 
and to correctly quantify the effective value, the Manager must use “fire sale value” and, when 
the position is classified as back-to-bonis the market value with assumption. 
- 
In the credit analytical assessment, if the value of the real estate collateral refers to an 
out-of-date appraisal, a reduction (haircut) is applied based on the age and the type of 
debtor. If the market value with assumption is not available, the non-performing loan 
Manager must use the market value applying specific reductions (haircuts). 
The non-performing loan Manager may propose additional provisions against the perception 
of an increase in the perceived risk. These proposals to revise provisions are automatically 
subject to a resolution procedure, managed through the LAWEB procedure. It requires the 
intervention of intermediary Bodies that must express a non binding opinion and of the 
competent deliberating body as defined in the “Regulations of the limits of autonomy and 
powers for loan granting and management”. 
Furthermore, the LAWEB procedure historicizes all the information and evaluation expressed 
on the position for decision tracking purposes. 
Bad loans (Sofferenze) 
The Bad Loans management model is based on the specialization of management competences 
between internal structures of Banco BPM and external ones, envisaging that positions with 
higher relevance and complexity are internally managed. This model envisages: 
• 
the assignment to the “NPE Management” unit of the coordination of all the activities for 
the recovery or sale of Bad Loans and the direct management of customers who are not 
assigned to the external management mandate in terms of size and reputational impact; 
• 
the assignment to an external Servicer of the direct management – through a specific 
mandate and with predefined limits – of clients classified as non-performing not 
internally managed; 
• 
the possibility, in particular circumstances, to call back from the Servicer any positions 
previously assigned.  
The Servicer's activity is always monitored by the unit “Performance Management NPE”. 
The internal management responsibility is assigned to specialized managers, all of whom report 
directly to the NPE management unit. They are identified among the resources with legal skills. 
For internally managed positions, the Manager, after a first attempt to contact the borrower and 
guarantors, defines, on a case by case basis, whether it is possible to collect the debt out of 
court, or to activate legal actions, such as the registration of a lien on real estate assets of the 
borrower or guarantors. 
In case of legal actions, the process involves external law firms for executive activities; they 
are contacted by internal managers. They coordinate actions relating to the borrower and 
guarantors and send proposals to the competent decision-making Bodies. 
- 
Bad Loans with exposure within the relevant threshold of Euro 1,000,000 are 
automatically assigned loss forecasts. 
- 
Bad Loans with exposure exceeding the relevant threshold must be subject to a periodic 
review by the Manager of the Bad Loan in order to verify the consistency of loss 
forecasts. When analytically assessing bad loans, the Manager of the Bad Loan must 
apply – consistently with the Guidelines regarding management of loans classified as bad

--- Page 300 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
300 
 
 
 
loans– the “gone concern” approach which envisages, as the main source of repayment, 
the amount obtained from the sale of the assets subject to any secured guarantee (pledge 
or appraisal). In addition to this source of repayment, potential repayment flows from the 
asset of the debtor or guarantors must be assessed as well as any liquidity or other sources 
of income, other than real estate assets of the debtor or guarantors. 
- 
With secured guarantees on real estate assets, the Manager of the Bad Loan must consider 
the effective value of the guarantee in the appraisal, as specified below. 
- 
To quantify the coverage of the exposure provided by the real estate asset, “market value 
with assumption (MVWA)”8 – must be acquired. The MVWA must be certified through 
a monitoring appraisal, drawn down according to the method-related indications 
approved by the Bank. The value of the technical consultancy (CTU) or the value 
formulated at the auction by the competent Court if there are active judicial procedures 
are considered like a MVWA. 
- 
For individual guaranteed positions, with gross exposure: 
• 
greater than euro 300,000: the market value and the MVWA of the asset must 
be certified by an appraisal that must be renewed once the position is classified 
as Bad Loan and, subsequently, every 12 months. If the value of the asset of the 
single position has already been estimated and it is lower than the threshold of 
euro 300,000, the update of the appraisal is evaluated on the basis of the 
incidence of the value of the real estate collateral on the gross exposure; 
• 
lower than euro 300,000: the value of the real estate property is automatically 
updated every six months through the use of price changes provided by a 
specialized third party company that uses methodologies based on the revision 
of the data provided by the Italian Internal Revenue Agency (Real Estate Market 
Observatory; 
- 
for secured positions where the sum of the gross exposure is higher than the euro 300,000 
euro threshold, the market value and the MVWA of the asset must refer to the value of 
the asset as reported by an expert appraisal. The appraisal must be renewed once the 
position is classified as Bad Loans and, then, every 12 months; 
 
- 
in order to prudently taken into account the depreciation of properties provided as 
collateral and to quantify their expected value, the Bad Loan Manager must use the 
MVWA. If the value of the real estate collateral refers to an out-of-date appraisal, a 
reduction (haircut) is applied based on the vintage and the type of debtor in relation to 
specific tables indicated in the internal Guidelines for the management of Bad Loans. 
The Manager of the Bad Loan must periodically review the provisions of positions over the 
relevant threshold according to the frequency criteria set out in the internal “Guidelines for the 
management of bad loans”. 
In particular, the receivables valuation must be continuously updated and when any new 
elements that may generate a significant change either in recoverable cash flows or in the 
expected loss arise. 
                                                   
8 “The market value with assumption” is determined according to the definition set out in Regulation (EU) 575/2013 article 4 paragraph 1 
point 76, considering that all the conditions set out in the explanation cannot be satisfied. For further information on the concept of 
'assumption', please refer to the ABI 2018 (3.1), TEGoVA (EVS 2016 - EVS.1) and RICS 2017 (VPS 4.8) guidelines.

--- Page 301 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
301 
 
 
 
The minimum revision frequency shall be differentiated according to (i) the size of the 
estimated recovery forecasts, (ii) the presence of real guarantees that are supporting the loan 
and (iii) the expected loss. 
The 12 months periodical review is required for position with an exposure > 1 million euro 
with the exception for those with a predicted recovery lower or equal to the 5% of the total 
exposure. 
If necessary, the expected loss may also be revised before the periodical review of the position. 
For positions with an exposure over the relevant threshold, the expected loss review must be 
anticipated with respect to the periodical review in case there has been an automatic detection 
of a relevant reduction of the market value of the guarantees, (ii) in case of a new bidding for 
the collateral or (iii) in case of serious adverse events.  
The above rules also apply to Bad Loans under external management. 
Proposals to revise provisions are automatically subject to a decision-making process managed 
through the IT Procedure LAWEB, which requires the intervention of intermediary Bodies, 
responsible for providing an opinion, and the competent decision-making body as defined in 
the “Regulations of the limits of autonomy and powers for loan granting and management”. 
Furthermore, the LAWEB procedure historicizes all the information and evaluation expressed 
on the position for decision tracking purposes. 
Structure of the control system 
The general structure of the control system includes:  
• 
line controls (level I) 
• 
controls on risks and on compliance (level II).  
Line controls (level I)  
First-level line controls are aimed at ensuring proper execution of transactions and are carried 
out directly by operating structures because they are first in charge of the process of risk 
management.  
In compliance with this responsibility, during daily operations, operating structures must 
identify, measure or evaluate, monitor and mitigate the risks deriving from the normal course 
of the business in compliance with the risk management process.  
First-level line controls can be either “automatic” controls, i.e. carried out directly by 
application procedures, or hierarchical controls, implemented as part of the same chain of 
responsibility.  
The second-level line controls include those carried out by the “Monitoring and Default 
Prevention” and “Credit Governance” departments “, or by other structures that carry out the 
operations.  
Through the second-level line controls, the above departments exercise their overall 
responsibility on the results of the loan processes, preserving the autonomous ability to guide 
and control them. In particular, these checks envisage the intervention on the operational 
structures to press for corrective actions, either directly or by means of the central structures of 
the Area Offices and of the Companies of the Banking Group.  
The line controls (of first and second level) can be implemented either systematically or by 
sampling.

--- Page 302 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
302 
 
 
 
These controls are defined in the regulations on loans issued with reference to each process, 
according to criteria and methods able to guarantee that all exposures arising from irregularities 
or inaction are highlighted and examined. 
Controls on risks and on compliance (level II)  
Controls on risks and on compliance are aimed at ensuring the correct implementation of the 
risk management processes put in place by the operational structures, the compliance with the 
operating limits assigned to various functions and the compliance of business operations with 
regulations, including self-regulation.  
The essential element which characterizes the level II controls concerns the fact that they are 
carried out by a risk control unit separate from the production one. Consequently, the level II 
controls include the goal to ensure that level I controls are effectively performed as well. 
The level II controls regarding loans are assigned to the Risks unit through the “2nd Level 
Controls” unit. 
This unit is responsible for the verification of the correct implementation of the lending 
processes by the business units, respecting the already established rules and, more specifically, 
with reference to: 
• 
the monitoring of the performance of exposures classified as performing; 
• 
the monitoring of the performance of exposures classified as non-performing loans; 
• 
the consistency of the classification in the operational statuses of the “Loan 
management and monitoring: watch list” process, among the exposures subject to concessions 
of “tolerance” (forbearance), in the statuses of the non-performing loan; 
• 
the appropriateness of the provisions; 
• 
the suitability of the debt recovery process. 
Level II controls efficiency is ensured through the identification and definition of a “basic” 
series of controls. They are defined without affecting the autonomy of the “Loan control and 
monitoring function” in identifying and carrying out other controls activities deemed functional 
for the assigned role. 
The controls envisage the systematic application of indicators of anomaly to the loan portfolio, 
the assessment of the deviations detected from time to time, the in-depth analysis of the 
individual positions and, if necessary, adaptation measures on the same to time.

--- Page 303 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
303 
 
 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
Introduction 
The Guarantor was incorporated in the Republic of Italy on 26 March 2015 pursuant to the 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law as a limited liability company (società a responsabilità 
limitata) under the name BPM Covered Bond 2 S.r.l. The Guarantor is registered at the 
Companies’ Registry of Rome under registration number 13317131004. The registered office 
of the Guarantor is at Via Curtatone 3, 00185, Rome, Italy and its telephone number is +39 
068091531. The Guarantor has no employees and no subsidiaries. The Guarantor’s by-laws 
provides for the termination of the same in 31 December 2100 subject to one or more extensions 
to be resolved, in accordance with the by-laws, by a Quoteholders’ resolution. 
The legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Guarantor is 815600682594F6CE0043. 
The Guarantor performs Covered Bond activities in accordance with the Securitisation and 
Covered Bonds Law and, in compliance with Bank of Italy’s instructions of 14 February 2006, 
(updated on 16 December 2009) has recognised the acquired loans, the issued notes and the 
other transactions accomplished during the course of the securitisation in the explanatory notes 
to the financial statements and not in the balance sheet. As disclosed by the Guarantor’s 
management, the recognition of financial assets and liabilities in the explanatory notes of the 
financial statements is done in conformity with the administrative dispositions issued by the 
Bank of Italy based on article 9 of legislative decree 38/2005, in accordance with the 
international accounting standards. 
Banco BPM Group 
On 7 August 2015, the Issuer has purchased 80% of the quota capital of the Guarantor. The 
Guarantor is consolidated in the Banco BPM Group as it is reported in the financial statements 
of the Issuer. For further information on the Banco BPM Group, please refer to paragraph 
“Business Description of the Issuer and the Group” above. 
Principal Activities 
The sole purpose of the Guarantor under the objects clause in its by-laws is the ownership of 
the Covered Pool and the granting to Bondholders of the Guarantee. From the date of its 
incorporation the Guarantor has not carried out any business activities nor has incurred in any 
financial indebtedness other than those incurred in the context of the Programme. 
Share Capital 
The outstanding capital of the Guarantor is €10,000.00 divided into quotas as described below. 
The quotaholders of the Guarantor are as follows: 
 
Quotaholder 
Quota 
Banco BPM 
€8,000.00 (80% of capital) 
Stichting Bapoburg* 
€2,000.00 (20% of capital) 
*Stichting Bapoburg is a Dutch foundation whose director is IQ EQ Structured Finance B.V.

--- Page 304 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
304 
 
 
 
Banco BPM S.p.A., holding 80 per cent. of the quota capital of the Guarantor, controls the 
Guarantor which belongs to the Banco BPM Group. In order to avoid any abuse, the 
Quotaholders’ Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of the Guarantor will approve the 
payments of any dividends or any repayment or return of capital by the Guarantor prior to the 
date on which all amounts of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds and any amount due 
to the Other Guarantor Creditors have been paid in full. 
Management 
Board of Directors 
The following table sets out certain information regarding the current members of the Board of 
Directors of the Guarantor. 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal 
activities 
performed 
outside 
the 
Guarantor 
Massimo Labonia 
Director 
Financial Consultant - Auditor 
Giorgio Pellagatti 
Director 
Head of Finance and Planning, Control Department of 
Banco BPM 
Angelo Zanzi 
Director 
Head of Financial Reporting of Banco BPM 
The business address of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor is Via Curtatone, 3, 00185 
Roma, Italy. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Under the Quotaholders’ Agreement the Guarantor Quotaholders have undertaken that, if, at 
any time, a Board of Statutory Auditors shall be appointed, it shall be composed of three 
members which shall appointed as follows: one by Stichting Bapoburg and two by Banco BPM 
S.p.A. 
Conflict of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and their private 
interests or other duties. 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Quotaholders’ Agreement entered into on or about the First Issue 
Date, between Banco BPM, and Stichting Bapoburg, as quotaholders of the Guarantor, and the 
Representative of the Bondholders, the Quotaholders have agreed, inter alia, not to amend the 
by-laws (statuto) of the Guarantor and not to pledge, charge or dispose of the quotas (save as 
set out below) of the Guarantor without the prior written consent of the Representative of the 
Bondholders. The Quotaholders’ Agreement is governed by, and will be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 305 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
305 
 
 
 
Financial Statements 
The financial year of the Guarantor ends on 31 December of each calendar year. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is registered in the Register of the Statutory Auditors, in 
compliance with the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 39/2010 as implemented by MEF 
(Decree n. 144 of 20 June 2012). The registered office of PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is at 
Piazza Tre Torri, 2, 20145 Milan, Italy. PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. audited the financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
Copies of the financial statements of the Guarantor for each financial year may be inspected 
and obtained free of charge during usual business hours at the specified offices of the Principal 
Paying Agent and of the Representative of the Bondholders. 
The Guarantor has not, from the date of its incorporation, carried out any business activities 
nor has incurred in any financial indebtedness (other than those incurred in the context of the 
Programme). 
The following table shows the summary figures of the Guarantor’s financial statements as at 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 as approved by the meeting of the quotaholders of 
the Guarantor, respectively, on 6 April 2022 and 6 April 2023. 
Balance sheet as at 31 December 2022 
Assets 
Euro
Due from banks 
10,000
Other assets 
64,278
Tax assets 
Total Assets 
69
74,347
Liabilities and Quotaholders’ Equity 
Tax liabilities 
0
Other liabilities 
64,347
Quotaholders’ Equity 
Authorised, issued and outstanding capital 
Euro 10,000 (2 quotas of Euro 8.000 and Euro 2.000) 
10,000
Total Quotaholders’ Equity 
10,000
Reserves 
-136
Net profit (loss) for the year 
136
Total Liabilities and Quotaholders’ Equity 
10,000
Income Statement as at 31 December 2022 
Income Statement 
Euro
Administrative Expenses 
-121,803
Other operating income and expenses 
121,872
Operating costs 
69
Profit (loss) before tax from continuing operations 
69
Income tax for the year on continuing operations 
67
Net profit (loss) for the year 
136
Balance sheet as at 31 December 2021 
Assets 
Euro

--- Page 306 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
306 
 
 
 
Due from banks 
10,000
Other assets 
4,165
Tax assets 
Total Assets 
-
14,165
Liabilities and Quotaholders’ Equity 
Tax liabilities 
136
Other liabilities 
4,165
Quotaholders’ Equity 
Authorised, issued and outstanding capital 
Euro 10,000 (2 quotas of Euro 8.000 and Euro 2.000) 
10,000
Total Quotaholders’ Equity 
10,000
Net profit (loss) for the year 
-136
Total Liabilities and Quotaholders’ Equity 
14,165
Income Statement as at 31 December 2021 
Income Statement 
Euro
Administrative Expenses 
-78,443
Other operating income and expenses 
78,443
Operating costs 
-
Profit (loss) before tax from continuing operations 
-
Income tax for the year on continuing operations 
-136
Net profit (loss) for the year 
-136

--- Page 307 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
307 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
GUARANTEE 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders 
entered into the Guarantee pursuant to which the Guarantor issued, for the benefit of the 
Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors, a first demand, unconditional, irrevocable and 
autonomous guarantee to support payments of interest and principal under the Covered Bonds 
issued by Banco BPM S.p.A. under the Programme and of the amounts due to the Other 
Guarantor Creditors. Under the Guarantee the Guarantor has agreed to pay an amount equal to 
the Guaranteed Amounts when the same shall become Due for Payment but which would 
otherwise be unpaid by the Issuer. The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee 
constitute direct and (following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the service of an 
Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor or, if earlier, the service on the Issuer 
and the Guarantor of a Guarantor Default Notice) unconditional, unsubordinated and limited 
recourse obligations of the Guarantor, backed by the Cover Pool as provided under the Title I-
bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. Pursuant 
to the terms of the Guarantee, the recourse of the Bondholders to the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee will be limited to the assets of the Cover Pool. Payments made by the Guarantor 
under the Guarantee will be made subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of 
Payments, as applicable. 
Under the Guarantee the parties thereof have agreed that as of the date of compulsory 
liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or, to the greatest extent permissible by law 
and without prejudice to Condition 11.2(iv), resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer or following 
the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor shall 
fulfil, within the limits of the Cover Pool, the Issuer’s obligations towards the Bondholders 
upon the terms and conditions originally agreed. The Guarantor (or the Representative of the 
Bondholders pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis and 
in compliance with the provisions of article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3, of the Securitisation 
and Covered Bonds Law, the rights of the Bondholders against the Issuer and any amount 
recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Guarantor Available Funds. 
The Guarantor, pursuant to the Guarantee, shall pay or procure to be paid to the Bondholders: 
(a) 
without prejudice to the effects of a suspension of payments by the Issuer pursuant to 
article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act, following the service of an Issuer Default 
Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor (but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default), 
on each Guarantor Payment Date that falls on an Interest Payment Date, an amount 
equal to those Guaranteed Amounts which shall become Due for Payment, but which 
have not been paid by the Issuer to the relevant Bondholders on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date; or 
(b) 
following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor in respect of the 
Covered Bonds of each Series (which shall have become immediately due and 
repayable), the Guaranteed Amounts. 
In case of an Article 74 Event, the notice shall specify that such Issuer Event of Default may 
be temporary. If, following the service of an Issuer Default Notice consisting of an Article 74 
Event, such event is cured and no other Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default 
has occurred, then the Representative of the Bondholders (to the extent it has knowledge

--- Page 308 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
308 
 
 
 
thereof, pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement) will deliver to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor the Article 74 Event Cure Notice informing such parties 
that the Article 74 Event has been revoked and the Guarantor’s obligation to make payment of 
the Guaranteed Amounts in accordance with this Clause shall cease to apply until this 
Guarantee is newly enforced by the Representative of the Bondholders in accordance with the 
provisions hereof and therefore the Issuer shall resume responsibility for meeting the payment 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the Guarantor shall be made without 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or other governmental charges of whatever nature unless such withholding or deduction of such 
taxes, assessments or other governmental charges is required by law or regulation or 
administrative practice of any jurisdiction. If any such withholding or deduction is required, 
the Guarantor shall pay the Guaranteed Amounts net of such withholding or deduction and 
shall account to the appropriate tax authority for the amount required to be withheld or 
deducted. The Guarantor shall not be obliged to pay any amount to any Bondholder in respect 
of the amount of such withholding or deduction. 
To the extent that the Guarantor makes, or there is made on its behalf, a payment of any amount 
under the Guarantee, the Guarantor will be fully and automatically subrogated to the 
Bondholders’ rights against the Issuer for the payment of an amount corresponding to the 
payments made by the Guarantor with respect to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds under 
this Guarantee, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 
Governing law 
The Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by Italian law. 
SUBORDINATED LOAN AGREEMENT 
On 26 August 2015 the Seller entered into with the Guarantor a Subordinated Loan Agreement, 
as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, in accordance with Title I-bis of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law under which Banco BPM S.p.A. granted to the 
Guarantor a term loan facility in an aggregate amount equal to the relevant Total Commitment, 
for the purposes of (a) funding the purchase price of Eligible Assets pursuant to the terms of 
the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and/or (b) funding the purchase of Eligible Assets, 
Substitution Assets (if transferred for the purpose of ensuring the compliance of the Cover Pool 
with the Tests) and/or Liquid Assets pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement. 
Each Term Loan granted pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement shall be advanced for 
the purpose of purchasing Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets (if transferred for the purpose of 
ensuring the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests) and/or Liquid Assets to be sold in 
accordance with the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and/or the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement (as applicable). 
Should a Term Loan be advanced for the purpose of purchasing Eligible Assets to serve the 
Cover Pool for a future issuance of a Corresponding Series of Covered Bonds, upon the 
issuance of the relevant Corresponding Series of Covered Bonds (the Conversion Date), it 
shall be converted into a Converted Loan.

--- Page 309 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
309 
 
 
 
Each Converted Loan shall accrue interest on its principal amount outstanding at a rate 
calculated on the same basis as the interest computed under the Corresponding Series of 
Covered Bonds (the Base Interest) and shall be payable on each Guarantor Payment Date 
falling on any Interest Payment Date following the relevant Conversion Date in accordance 
with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
In respect of each Term Loan a Premium may be payable on each Guarantor Payment Date 
following the relevant Drawdown Date, subject to the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Each Converted Loan shall be due for final repayment on the date that matches the Maturity 
Date (or, as applicable, Extended Maturity Date) of the Corresponding Series of Covered 
Bonds, and shall be payable within the limits of the Guarantor Available Funds and in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments, provided that, if on such date the relevant 
Converted Loan has not been repaid in full, any amount outstanding thereunder shall be deemed 
as a Term Loan and the provisions of the Subordinated Loan Agreement regulating the 
repayment of a Term Loan shall apply. 
Each Term Loan shall be repaid on each Guarantor Payment Date prior to an Issuer Event of 
Default according to the relevant Priority of Payments and within the limits of the then 
Guarantor Available Funds, provided that such repayment does not result in a breach of any of 
the Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Requirement and provided that, unless repaid in full prior to 
such date, it shall be due for repayment on the Programme Maturity Date or the Extended 
Programme Maturity Date, again within the limits of the then Guarantor Available Funds and 
in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Amounts owed by the Guarantor under the Subordinated Loan Agreement will be subordinated 
to amounts owed by the Guarantor under the Guarantee. 
To the extent that the Guarantor makes a payment under the Guarantee, Banco BPM S.p.A. 
will become indebted to the Guarantor for an amount equal to the relevant payment. Any 
amounts owing by Banco BPM S.p.A. to the Guarantor in respect of amounts paid by the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee shall be set-off automatically against any amounts repayable 
by the Guarantor under the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement granted by Banco BPM 
S.p.A., as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreement each Term Loan that has been repaid in 
accordance with the terms thereof will be available to the Guarantor for redrawing during the 
Availability Period within the limits of the relevant Total Commitment. 
Payments by the Issuer of amounts due to the Bondholders under the Guarantee are not 
conditional upon receipt by the Issuer of payments from the Guarantor pursuant to the relevant 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Subordinated Loan Agreements and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by Italian law. 
MASTER RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
On 26 August 2015 the Seller entered into with the Guarantor a Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, in accordance with the

--- Page 310 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
310 
 
 
 
combined provisions of articles 4 and 7-octies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, 
pursuant to which the Seller assigned and transferred, without recourse (pro soluto), to the 
Guarantor and the Guarantor purchased, without recourse (pro soluto), the Receivables 
comprised in the Initial Portfolio. 
Under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Seller shall transfer to the Guarantor, 
and the Guarantor shall purchase from the Seller (i) Subsequent Portfolios of Eligible Assets, 
Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets, if such transfer is required under the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement in order to ensure the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests, 
or (ii) Subsequent Portfolios of Liquid Assets only, if such transfer is required under the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement in order to ensure the compliance of the Cover Pool with the 
Liquidity Buffer Requirement.  
In addition, the Seller may: (i) transfer to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor shall purchase from 
the Seller, Subsequent Portfolios of Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
in order to ensure the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Integration Limits; (ii) transfer to 
the Guarantor, and the Guarantor shall purchase from the Seller, Subsequent Portfolios of 
Eligible Assets in order to supplement the Cover Pool in connection with the issuance by the 
Seller of further Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement; and (iii) transfer to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor shall purchase 
from the Seller, Subsequent Portfolios of Eligible Assets in order to supplement the Cover Pool 
in connection with the issuance by the Seller of further Series of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, Portfolios may only be offered or 
purchased if the following conditions are satisfied: 
(a) 
a Guarantor Default Notice has not been served on the Guarantor; 
(b) 
such transfer will not result in a breach of any requirements of law (including, but not 
limited to, the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Italy 
Regulations). 
The Initial Portfolio Purchase Price payable pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement is equal to the aggregate Individual Purchase Price of all the Receivables included 
in the Initial Portfolio. The Individual Purchase Price for each Receivable included in the 
relevant Initial Portfolio is equal to (I) (a) the book value (ultimo valore di iscrizione in 
bilancio) as of the audited balance sheet of 31 December 2016 in respect of those Receivables 
included in the Initial Portfolio originated prior to such date and (b) for those Receivables 
originated after 31 December 2016, the value certified by the auditors of the Issuer in 
accordance with the provisions of the Bank of Italy Regulations; plus (II) any Accrued Interest; 
less (III) any principal Collections received by Banco BPM S.p.A. from the Business Day 
following the date on which the most recent book value (ultimo valore di iscrizione bilancio) 
is calculated (included) to the relevant Valuation Date (included). Under the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement the parties thereof have acknowledged that the Initial 
Portfolio Purchase Price shall be funded through the proceeds of the first Term Loan under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
The Receivables comprised in the Initial Portfolio and Subsequent Portfolio meet the Common 
Criteria (described in detail in the section headed “Description of the Cover Pool”). Eligible 
Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets comprised in any Subsequent Portfolio to be

--- Page 311 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
311 
 
 
 
transferred under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement shall meet, in addition to the 
Common Criteria, the relevant Additional Criteria and/or any Further Criteria (both as defined 
below). 
As consideration for the transfer of any Subsequent Portfolios, pursuant to the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreements, the Guarantor will pay to the relevant Seller an amount 
equal to the aggregate of the Individual Purchase Price of all the relevant Eligible Assets, 
Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets as at the relevant Valuation Date. The Individual 
Purchase Price for each Eligible Asset, Substitution Asset and/or Liquid Asset included in each 
Subsequent Portfolio will be equal to (I)(a) the book value as of the most recent audited balance 
sheet (ultimo valore di iscrizione in bilancio) of all the Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets included in the relevant Subsequent Portfolio and (II) for those 
Receivables originated after such audited balance sheet, the value certified by the auditors of 
Banco BPM in accordance with the provisions of the Bank of Italy Regulations plus (III) any 
Accrued Interest; less (IV) any principal Collections received by Banco BPM from the 
Business Day following the date on which the most recent book value (ultimo valore di 
iscrizione bilancio) is calculated (included) to the relevant Valuation Date (included), provided 
that the relevant Seller and the Guarantor may agree to use different criteria for the calculation 
of the purchase price of any Subsequent Portfolio in accordance with any relevant law, 
regulation or interpretation of any authority (including, for the avoidance of doubts, the Bank 
of Italy or the Minister of Economy and Finance) which may be enacted with respect to the 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Italy Regulation. 
Pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, prior to the service of an Issuer 
Default Notice, the Seller will have the right to repurchase Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets, in accordance with articles 1260 and following of the Civil Code or in 
accordance with article 58 of the Consolidated Banking Act, as the case may be, transferred to 
the Guarantor under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement in the following 
circumstances: 
(a) 
to repurchase Excess Receivables (to be selected on a random basis); 
(b) 
to repurchase any Non-Performing Receivables; 
(c) 
to repurchase Receivables arising from Mortgage Loans which have become non-
eligible in accordance with the Bank of Italy Regulations;  
(d) 
to repurchase Affected Receivables; or  
(e) 
to repurchase any other Eligible Asset, Substitution Asset and/or Liquid Asset provided 
that, as a consequence of such repurchase, the Tests and the Liquidity Buffer 
Requirement are met. 
After the service of a Breach of Tests Notice or of an Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor, 
but prior to service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor may or, following an Issuer 
Default Notice, shall sell Selected Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement and the Seller, pursuant to the relevant Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement, has the right of pre-emption to buy such Selected Assets. 
The transfer of the Initial Portfolio and each Subsequent Portfolios by the Seller were and will 
be made in accordance with article 58, subsections 2, 3 and 4 of the Consolidated Banking Act

--- Page 312 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
312 
 
 
 
(as provided by article 4 of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law). Notice of the relevant 
assignments were and will be published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy 
(Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) and filed for publication in the companies 
register of Rome. 
For further details about the Cover Pool, see section headed “Description of the Cover Pool”. 
Governing law 
The Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them are governed by Italian law. 
WARRANTY AND INDEMNITY AGREEMENT 
On 26 August 2015 the Seller entered into with the Guarantor a Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, pursuant to which the 
Seller has given certain representations and warranties in favour of the Guarantor in respect of, 
inter alia, itself, the relevant Receivables, the Real Estate Assets and certain other matters in 
relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds and has agreed to indemnify the Guarantor in respect 
of certain liabilities of the Guarantor that may be incurred, inter alia, in connection with the 
purchase and ownership of the relevant Receivables. 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement contains representations and warranties given by the 
Seller as to matters of law and fact affecting the Seller including, without limitation, that the 
Seller validly exists as a legal entity, has the corporate authority and power to enter into the 
Transaction Documents to which it is party and assume the obligations contemplated therein 
and has all the necessary authorisations for such purpose. 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement sets out standard representations and warranties in 
respect of the Receivables including, inter alia, that, as of the date of execution of the relevant 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement: 
(a) 
the Receivables comprised in the relevant Initial Portfolio are valid, in existence and in 
compliance with the Criteria; 
(b) 
each relevant Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented 
even pursuant to a burden deed (atto di accollo) has been entered into, executed and 
performed and the advance of each Residential Mortgage Loan has been made in 
compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including, without 
limitation, all laws, rules and regulations relating to credito fondiario, usury, personal 
data protection and disclosure in force at the time, as well as in accordance with 
commercial practice, including origination guidelines and lending policies and 
procedures adopted from time to time by the Banco BPM; 
(c) 
each authorisation, approval, consent, license, registration, recording, filing, 
presentation, or notarisation or other action which is required to ensure the validity, 
legality, or effectiveness of the rights and obligations of the relevant parties to each 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement, Mortgage, Collateral Security or of any other 
agreement, deed or document relating thereto, has been duly and unconditionally 
obtained, made or taken by the time of execution of each Residential Mortgage Loan

--- Page 313 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
313 
 
 
 
Agreement, Mortgage and Collateral Security and other agreement, deed or document 
relating thereto, or by such other time as is required by any applicable law; 
(d) 
each Residential Mortgage Loan has been fully and timely advanced and drawn down 
by the relevant Debtor, as evidenced by the relevant disbursement agreements and the 
relevant receipts, and there is no obligation on the part of Banco BPM to advance or 
disburse further amounts in connection with the relevant Residential Mortgage Loan; 
(e) 
each Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement has been entered into substantially in the 
form of Banco BPM’s standard form agreement as adopted from time to time. No 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement has been substantially amended with respect to 
the relevant Banco BPM’s standard form agreement from the date of its execution; 
(f) 
all Residential Mortgage Loans were granted in accordance with the criteria set out in 
Banco BPM’s origination and underwriting procedures applicable from time to time or, 
in relation to Residential Mortgage Loans purchased by Banco BPM from different 
banks, in accordance with the criteria of the relevant originator, substantially in line 
with Banco BPM’s criteria. For any Residential Mortgage Loan granted on the basis of 
an appraisal carried out by an external appraiser, i.e. not a in-house Banco BPM 
appraiser, such appraiser’s fee was not conditional or subordinated to the approval of 
such Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement and, to the best of Banco BPM’s 
knowledge, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, such 
appraiser at no time had any direct or indirect interest in the related Real Estate Asset 
and Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements;; 
(g) 
each Mortgage is economically a first ranking mortgage (ipoteca di primo grado), i.e. 
(i) a first ranking priority mortgage (ipoteca di primo grado), (ii) (A) a second or 
subsequent ranking priority mortgage in respect of which the lender secured by the first 
ranking priority mortgage is Banco BPM and with respect to which the obligations 
secured by the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or subsequent mortgage have 
been fully satisfied, or (B) a second or subsequent ranking priority mortgage in respect 
of which the obligations secured by the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or 
subsequent mortgage have been fully satisfied and the relevant lender has formally 
consented to the cancellation of the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such subsequent 
mortgage. There are no other mortgages in relation to the Real Estate Assets in favour 
of third parties which rank pari passu with or in priority to the Mortgages; 
(h) 
each Receivable is fully and unconditionally owned by, and available to, Banco BPM 
and is not subject to any lien (pignoramento), seizure (sequestro) or other charges in 
favour of any third party and is freely transferable to the Guarantor. Banco BPM holds 
sole and unencumbered legal title to each of the Residential Mortgage Loan 
Agreements and it has not assigned (whether absolutely or by way of security), charged, 
transferred or otherwise disposed of any of the Residential Mortgage Loan Agreements, 
the Residential Mortgage Loans and/or the Receivables or otherwise created, allowed 
creation of, or constitution of any lien, pledge, encumbrance, or any other right, claim 
or beneficial interest of any third party on any of the Residential Mortgage Loan 
Agreements, the Residential Mortgage Loans and/or the Receivables; 
(i) 
as of the Valuation Date, each Residential Mortgage Loan is classified as performing 
(in bonis) and at least one Instalment has been paid;

--- Page 314 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
314 
 
 
 
(j) 
as of the Valuation Date, no Residential Mortgage Loan falls within the definition of a 
defaulted debt (credito in sofferenza), unlikely to pay debt (inadempienze probabili) or 
a debt that is in the process of being restructured (credito in corso di ristrutturazione) 
(as subsequently replaced by the definition of “sofferenza”, “inadempienza probabile” 
o “esposizione scaduta e/o sconfinante deteriorata”) under the Bank of Italy 
supervisory regulations (Istruzioni di Vigilanza) or under the Credit and Collection 
Policy; 
(k) 
the books, the records, data and the documents relating to the Residential Mortgage 
Loan Agreements and the Receivables, all instalments and any other amounts paid or 
repaid thereunder are in all material respects complete, proper and up to date, and all 
such books, records, data and documents are kept by and available to Banco BPM; 
(l) 
all the Real Estate Assets were existing and fully owned by the relevant Mortgagors at 
the time the Mortgage was perfected; 
(m) 
the Insurance Policies are in full force, valid and regulated by Italian law. Banco BPM 
has the right to require that all payments to be made pursuant to the Insurance Policies 
are made directly to Banco BPM or any of its assignees different from the relevant 
Debtor and that all the interests and rights in favour of the relevant Debtor arising from 
the Insurance Policies can be assigned to the Guarantor without affecting the validity 
of each Insurance Policy; 
(n) 
pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, the rights arising from the 
Insurance Policies have been duly transferred to the Guarantor. Such transfer is valid 
and opposable to Banco BPM and any other third party; 
(o) 
each Real Estate Asset is located in Italy; 
(p) 
the value of the relevant Real Estate Asset is at least equal 150% of the Principal 
Balance of the relevant Residential Mortgage Loan as of the date of the origination;  
(q) 
in relation to the Mortgage Loans originated by Banco BPM, Banco BPM has complied 
with the provisions of First Part, Title IV, Chapter 3, Schedule A of the Bank of Italy 
Regulations; 
(r) 
in relation to the Mortgage Loans originated by Banco BPM, in order to comply with 
the requirements provided for by article 7-novies, paragraph 2, letter a), of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, Banco BPM applies the procedures, processes 
and evaluation criteria it adopts for the recognition of collateral for prudential purposes 
as a credit risk mitigation technique; 
(s) 
for the valuation of the market value of the Real Estate Assets, without prejudice to 
compliance with the provisions of the prudential rules referred to in paragraph (r) 
above, Banco BPM also applies in particular the provisions of paragraph 2.2 
“Valutazione degli immobili posti a garanzia delle esposizioni” (Valuation of properties 
used as collateral for exposures) of Part I, Title IV, Chapter 3, Annex A of the Bank of 
Italy Regulations. 
Pursuant to the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Seller has agreed to indemnify and 
hold harmless the Guarantor, its officers or agents or any of its permitted assigns from and

--- Page 315 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
315 
 
 
 
against any and all damages, losses, claims, costs and expenses awarded against, or incurred 
by such parties which arise out of or result from, inter alia, (a) a default by Banco BPM in the 
performance of any of its obligations under any Transaction Document to which it is a party; 
(b) any representation and warranty given by Banco BPM under or pursuant to the Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement being false, incomplete or incorrect; (c) any alleged liability and/or 
claim raised by any third party against the Guarantor, as owner of the Receivables, which arises 
out of any negligent act or omission by the Seller in relation to the relevant Receivables, the 
servicing and collection thereof or from any failure by the Seller to perform its obligations 
under any of the Transaction Documents to which it is, or will become, a party; (d) the non 
compliance of the terms and conditions of any Mortgage Loan with the provisions of article 
1283 of the Civil Code; (e) the fact that the validity or effectiveness of any security, pledge, 
collateral or other security interest, relating to the Mortgage Loans, has been challenged by 
way of claw-back (azione revocatoria) or otherwise, including, without limitation, pursuant to 
article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code; (f) the fact that Banco BPM has (in whole or in part) 
cancelled, released, reduced or waived any Mortgage or Collateral Security existing as of the 
Effective Date other than in compliance with the Consolidated Banking Act or any other laws 
and regulations in forcefrom time to time; (g) any amount of any Receivable not being collected 
or recovered by the Guarantor as a consequence of the proper and legal exercise by any Debtor 
and/or insolvency receiver of a Debtor of any grounded right to termination, annullability or 
withdrawal, or other claims and/or counterclaims, including set off, against the relevant Seller 
in relation to each relevant Mortgage Loan Agreement, Mortgage Loan, Mortgage, Collateral 
Security and any other connected act or document, including, without limitation, any claim 
and/or counterclaim deriving from non compliance with the Usury Law provisions in the 
granting of the Mortgage Loan. 
Governing law 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreements and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them are governed by Italian law. 
SERVICING AGREEMENT 
On 26 August 2015, the Servicer and the Guarantor entered into the Servicing Agreement, as 
amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, pursuant to which the Guarantor has 
appointed Banco BPM (formerly Banca Popolare di Milano S.c. a r.l.) as Servicer of the 
Receivables. The receipt of the Collections is the responsibility of the Servicer acting as agent 
(mandatario) of the Guarantor. The Servicer will also act as the soggetto incaricato della 
riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e di pagamento pursuant to the Securitisation 
and Covered Bonds Law. In such capacity, the Servicer shall also be responsible for ensuring 
that such operations comply with the provisions of articles 2.3, letter (c), and 2.6 of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law.  
In case of accession of Additional Seller(s) to the Programme, the Servicer may sub-delegate 
each Additional Seller(s), in its capacity as Sub-Servicer in the management, administration, 
collection and recovery of the Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
comprised in each relevant Portfolio which will be assigned and transferred in the context of 
the Programme pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, subject to the 
limitations set out in the supervisory regulations and with the prior written notice to the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Asset Monitor and the Rating Agency, 
provided that such sub-delegation does not prejudice the compliance by the Servicer with its 
obligations under the Servicing Agreement. The Servicer will be responsible for the fulfilment

--- Page 316 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
316 
 
 
 
of the obligations undertaken by it under the Servicing Agreement and will not be responsible, 
in express derogation of the provisions of article 1717, second paragraph, of the Italian Civil 
Code, for the actions undertaken by the Sub-Servicers, which will, on their part, be responsible 
for the fulfilment of the obligations undertaken by them under the Servicing Agreement. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Servicer undertakes to remedy any breach of the provisions of 
the Servicing Agreement resulting from an action by, or a failure to act on the part of, such 
Sub-Servicers, in performing any of the activities sub-delegated to them by the Servicer within 
30 Business Days from the discovery of such breach. 
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer and the Sub-Servicer(s) (if any), as the case may 
be, shall credit to the relevant Collection Account any amounts collected from the Eligible 
Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets (i) within the same Business Day upon receipt 
if such sums are received by the Servicer or the relevant Sub-Servicers before 15.00 p.m. or 
(ii) within the following Business Day if such sums are received by the Servicer or the relevant 
Sub-Servicers after 15.00 p.m. 
Each of the Servicer and the Sub-Servicer(s) (if any), each in respect of the Receivables, has 
been authorised to reach with the Debtors any settlement agreements or payment extensions or 
moratorium or similar arrangements (including any renegotiation in relation to the margin), in 
accordance with the provisions of the Credit and Collection Policy, however, following the 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice the Servicer and the Sub-Servicer(s) will not be authorised, 
with respect to the performing Receivables (in bonis), to reach with any Debtors thereof any 
extension of the maturity or any modification of the margin originally agreed in the relevant 
Mortgage Loan Agreement. 
The Servicer and the Sub-Servicer(s) (if any), each in relation to its servicing activities pursuant 
to the Servicing Agreement, has confirmed its willingness to be the autonomous holder (titolare 
autonomo del trattamento dei dati personali) together with the Guarantor, for the processing 
of personal data in relation to the Receivables, pursuant to the Privacy Law and to be 
responsible, in such capacity, for processing such data. 
Each of the Servicer and the Sub-Servicer(s) has represented to the Guarantor that it has all 
skills, software, hardware, information technology and human resources necessary to comply 
with the efficiency standards required by the Servicing Agreement. 
The Servicer has undertaken to prepare and deliver to, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Asset 
Monitor, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Principal Paying Agent and the Guarantor 
Corporate Servicer, the Quarterly Servicer’s Report (the latter will be delivered, in addition to 
the above entities, to the Rating Agency). 
Each Sub-Servicer has undertaken to prepare and deliver to the Servicer the quarterly Sub-
Servicer’s report, substantially in the form of the Quarterly Servicer’s Report. 
The Guarantor has agreed that the Servicer may sub-delegate the administration, management, 
collection and recovery of the Non Performing Receivables to third parties. 
If the long term counterparty risk assessment rating of the Servicer falls below “Ba3(cr)” by 
Moody’s and provided that no Potential Commingling Amount is deducted in the Asset 
Coverage Test in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Servicer (i) 
shall immediately give notice of such event to the Representative of the Bondholders, the 
Calculation Agent, the Sub-Servicer and the Guarantor; and (ii) shall, alternatively:

--- Page 317 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
317 
 
 
 
(a) 
notify in writing the Debtors and any other interested parties with the details of the new 
account opened in name of the Guarantor with an Eligible Institution where any 
payments in respect of the Receivables and any other Eligible Assets, Substitution 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets shall be made; or 
(b) 
procure and maintain a first demand and irrevocable guarantee granted by an Eligible 
Institution to the Guarantor in order to guarantee the due and timely performance of the 
obligations of the Servicer and the Sub-Servicer to transfer the Collections under the 
Servicing Agreement. 
The Guarantor may terminate the Servicer’s appointment and appoint a successor servicer (the 
Substitute Servicer) if certain events occur (each a Servicer Termination Event). The 
Servicer Termination Events include the following events: 
(a) 
failure (not attributable to force majeure) on the part of the Servicer to deposit or pay 
any amount required to be paid or deposited which failure continues for a period of 5 
Business Days following receipt by the Servicer of a written notice from the Guarantor 
requiring the relevant amount to be paid or deposited; 
(b) 
failure on the part of the Servicer to observe or perform any other term, condition, 
covenant or agreement provided for under the Servicing Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the continuation of such failure for a 
period of 5 Business Days following receipt by the Servicer of written notice from the 
Guarantor, provided that a failure ascribable to any entities delegated by the Servicer 
in accordance with the Servicing Agreement shall not constitute a Servicer Termination 
Event; 
(c) 
an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Servicer; 
(d) 
it becomes unlawful for the Servicer to perform or comply with any of its obligations 
under the Servicing Agreement or the other Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party; 
(e) 
the Servicer is or will be unable to meet the current or future legal requirements and the 
Bank of Italy’s regulations for entities acting as servicers in the context of a 
securitisation/covered bonds transaction. 
Notice of any termination of the Servicer’s appointment shall be given in writing, in accordance 
with the provisions of the Servicing Agreement, by the Guarantor to the Servicer with the prior 
agreement of the Representative of the Bondholders and shall be effective from the date of 
such termination or, if later, when the appointment of a Substitute Servicer becomes effective. 
Upon occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event the Back-up Servicer (if any) will 
automatically succeed to the Servicer. 
The Parties to the Servicing Agreement agreed that, upon the long term counterparty risk 
assessment of the Servicer’s becoming equal or higher than “Ba3 (cr)” by Moody’s, the 
Guarantor may revoke the appointment of the Back-up Servicer, provided that in the event that 
the rating of the Servicer’s long term counterparty risk assessment falls below “Ba3 (cr)” by 
Moody’s the Guarantor, subject to prior consultation with the Representative of the

--- Page 318 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
318 
 
 
 
Bondholders and the Servicer, shall, within 30 days from the abovementioned events, appoint 
a new back-up servicer being any person: 
(a) 
who meets the requirements of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law and the Bank 
of Italy to act as Servicer; 
(b) 
who has a significant track record (whether directly or through subsidiaries) in the 
administration of mortgage loans in Italy; 
(c) 
who has available and is able to use software for the administration of mortgages 
compatible with that of the Servicer; 
(d) 
who is able to ensure, directly or indirectly, the efficient and professional maintenance 
of a computerised archive system (Archivio Unico Informatico) as required by Italian 
money-laundering legislation and, if such legislation requires, the production of such 
information as is necessary to meet the information requirements of the Bank of Italy; 
and 
(e) 
has sufficient assets to ensure the continuous and effective performance of its duties. 
In accordance with the provisions summarised above, on 16 June 2017, Zenith Service S.p.A. 
has been revoked from its role of Back-up Servicer under the Servicing Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement the Servicer shall not be entitled to resign from its 
appointment as Servicer prior to the expiry date of the Servicing Agreement. 
The Guarantor may terminate each Sub-Servicer, and thereafter the Servicer will succeed to 
the terminated Sub-Servicer, if certain events occur (each, a Sub-Servicer’s Termination 
Event): 
(a) 
failure to observe or perform duties under specified clauses of the Servicing Agreement 
and the continuation of such failure for a period of 5 (five) Business Days following 
receipt of written notice from the Guarantor; 
(b) 
an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Sub-Servicer; 
(c) 
it becomes unlawful for the Sub-Servicer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under the Servicing Agreement. 
Notice of any termination of each Sub-Servicer’s appointment shall be given in writing by the 
Guarantor to the relevant Sub-Servicer, to the Servicer and to the Issuer with the prior written 
notice to the Representative of the Bondholders and shall be effective from the date of such 
termination or, if later, when the Servicer succeeds the relevant Sub-Servicer’s obligations 
pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. The Sub-Servicer must continue to act as such and meet 
its obligations under the Servicing Agreement unless and until the Servicer succeeds to the 
Sub-Servicer’s obligations. 
Governing law 
The Servicing Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it are governed by Italian law.

--- Page 319 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
319 
 
 
 
CASH ALLOCATION, MANAGEMENT AND PAYMENT AGREEMENT 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Seller, the Account 
Bank, the Collection Account Bank, the Investment Manager, the Guarantor Corporate 
Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Back-up Account Bank and 
the Representative of the Bondholders entered into the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payment Agreement, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
On 31 October 2017 Banco BPM acceded to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
Under the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement: 
(a) 
the Account Bank has established in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, the BNPP 
Transaction Account, the BNPP Reserve Account and the BNPP Securities Account 
and to provide the Guarantor with certain reporting services together with account 
handling services in relation to monies from time to time standing to the credit of such 
accounts. In addition the Account Bank has agreed to provide the Guarantor with 
certain payment services pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payment Agreement. 
(b) 
the Collection Account Bank has established in the name and on behalf of the 
Guarantor, the Collection Account, the Quota Capital Account and the Expenses 
Account to provide the Guarantor with certain reporting services together with account 
handling services in relation to monies from time to time standing to the credit of such 
accounts. In addition the Collection Account Bank has agreed to provide the Guarantor 
with certain payment services pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payment Agreement. 
(c) 
The Guarantor Administrative Servicer has agreed to operate the Expenses Account in 
order to make certain payments as set out in the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payment Agreement. 
(d) 
The Principal Paying Agent has agreed to provide the Issuer and the Guarantor with 
certain payment services together with certain calculation services pursuant to the terms 
of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
(e) 
The Calculation Agent has agreed to provide the Guarantor with calculation services 
with respect to the Accounts and the Guarantor Available Funds and calculation 
services with respect to the Floating Rate Provisions. 
(f) 
The Investment Manager has agreed to invest on behalf of the Guarantor any funds 
standing to the credit of the Transaction Account and Reserve Account in Eligible 
Investments having a rate of return not less than a specified margin linked to Euribor. 
Pursuant to Clause 10 (Transfers to BNPP Transaction Account, BNPP Reserve Account and 
BNPP Securities Account) of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement, in 
the event that in the event that Banco BPM loses the status of Eligible Institution, the Guarantor 
shall, within the following 30 (thirty) days, transfer the balance of the Banco BPM Transaction 
Account, the Banco BPM Reserve Account and the Banco BPM Securities Account to,

--- Page 320 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
320 
 
 
 
respectively, the BNPP Transaction Account, the BNPP Reserve Account and the BNPP 
Securities Account. 
The Guarantor may (with the prior approval of the Representative of the Bondholders) revoke 
its appointment of any Agent by giving not less than three months’ (or less, in the event of a 
breach of warranties and covenants) written notice to the relevant Agent (with a copy to the 
Representative of the Bondholders), regardless of whether an Issuer Event of Default or a 
Guarantor Event of Default has occurred. Prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the 
Issuer may revoke its appointment of the Principal Paying Agent, by giving not less than three 
months’ (or less in the event of a breach of warranties and covenants) written notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent (with a copy to the Representative of the Bondholders). Any Agent 
may resign from its appointment under the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment 
Agreement, upon giving not less than three months’ (or such shorter period as the 
Representative of the Bondholders may agree) prior written notice of termination to the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders subject to and conditional upon certain 
conditions set out in the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement, provided that 
a valid substitute has been appointed. 
Governing law 
The Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by Italian law. 
THE SWAP AGREEMENTS 
Cover Pool Swap Agreement 
The Guarantor may or may not enter into the Cover Pool Swap Agreement with the Cover Pool 
Swap Provider to ensure that it has sufficient funds to meet from time to time its quarterly 
payment obligations. The aggregate notional amount of such swap shall be the value of the 
Cover Pool. 
Interest Rate Swap Agreements 
The Guarantor may or may not enter into one or more Interest Rate Swap Agreements with one 
or more Interest Rate Swap Providers to mitigate certain interest rate, and other risks in respect 
of (a) amounts received by the Guarantor under the Cover Pool (and the Cover Pool Swap 
Agreement (if any)) and (b) amounts payable by the Guarantor under the Term Loans and 
Converted Loans prior to the service of an Issuer Default Notice and under the Covered Bonds 
following an Issuer Default Notice. The Interest Rate Swap Provider(s) will be required to 
obtain a guarantee of its/their obligations from an appropriately rated guarantor, find an 
appropriately rated replacement or put in place other appropriate credit support arrangements 
in the event that its/their ratings fall below a specified ratings level. 
Rating Downgrade Event 
Under the terms of each Swap Agreement, in the event that the rating(s) of the Swap Provider 
is downgraded by a Rating Agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Swap 
Agreement (in accordance with the requirements of the Rating Agency) for that Swap Provider, 
the Swap Provider will, in accordance with the relevant Swap Agreement, be required to take 
certain remedial measures which may include:

--- Page 321 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
321 
 
 
 
(a) 
providing collateral for its obligations under the Swap Agreement, or 
(b) 
arranging for its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement to be transferred to an 
entity with the ratings required by the relevant Rating Agency, or 
(c) 
procuring another entity with the ratings required by the relevant Rating Agency to 
become co obligor or guarantor in respect of its obligations under the Swap Agreement, 
or 
(d) 
taking such other action or putting in place such alternative hedging (provided that the 
Rating Agencies confirm that it will not adversely affect the ratings of the then 
outstanding Series of Covered Bonds). 
A failure to take such steps within the time periods specified in the Swap Agreement will allow 
the Guarantor to terminate the relevant Swap Agreement(s). 
Governing law 
The Swap Agreements any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them shall be governed by English Law. 
MANDATE AGREEMENT 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders 
entered into the Mandate Agreement, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, 
under which, subject to a Guarantor Default Notice being served or upon failure by the 
Guarantor to exercise its rights under the Transaction Documents and fulfilment of certain 
conditions, the Representative of the Bondholders, acting in such capacity, shall be authorised 
to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, all the Guarantor’s non-monetary rights 
arising out of the Transaction Documents to which the Guarantor is a party. 
Governing law 
The Mandate Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it are governed by Italian law. 
INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Guarantor and the Other Guarantor Creditors entered into 
the Intercreditor Agreement, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. Under 
the Intercreditor Agreement provision is made as to the application of the proceeds from 
Collections in respect of the Cover Pool and as to the circumstances in which the 
Representative of the Bondholders will be entitled, in the interest of the Bondholders, to 
exercise certain of the Guarantor’s rights in respect of the Cover Pool and the Transaction 
Documents. 
In the Intercreditor Agreement the Other Guarantor Creditors have agreed, inter alia: (i) to the 
order of priority of payments to be made out of the Guarantor Available Funds; (ii) that the 
obligations owed by the Guarantor to the Bondholders and, in general, to the Other Guarantor 
Creditors are limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor; and (iii) that the Bondholders and 
the Other Guarantor Creditors have a claim against the Guarantor only to the extent of the 
Guarantor Available Funds.

--- Page 322 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
322 
 
 
 
On 31 October 2017 Banco BPM acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantor has undertaken, following the 
service of a Guarantor Default Notice, to comply with all directions of the Representative of 
the Bondholders, acting pursuant to the Terms and Conditions, in relation to the management 
and administration of the Cover Pool. 
Each of the Other Guarantor Creditors has agreed in the Intercreditor Agreement that in the 
exercise of its powers, authorities, duties and discretions the Representative of the Bondholders 
shall have regard to the interests of both the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors 
but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders, there is a conflict between their 
interests the Representative of the Bondholders will have regard solely to the interests of the 
Bondholders. The actions of the Representative of the Bondholders will be binding on each of 
the Other Guarantor Creditors. 
Under the Intercreditor Agreement, each of the Other Guarantor Creditors has appointed the 
Representative of the Bondholders, as their agent (mandatario con rappresentanza), so that the 
Representative of the Bondholders may, in their name and behalf and also in the interests of 
and for the benefit of the Bondholders (who make a similar appointment pursuant to the 
Programme Agreement and the Conditions), inter alia, enter into the Deed of Charge. In such 
capacity, the Representative of the Bondholders, with effect from the date when the Covered 
Bonds have become due and payable (following a claim to the Guarantor or a demand under 
the Guarantee in the case of an Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default or the 
enforcement of the Guarantee if so instructed by the Bondholders or the exercise any other 
rights of enforcement conferred to the Representative of the Bondholders), may exercise all of 
the Bondholders and Other Guarantor Creditors’ right, title and interest in and to and in respect 
of the assets charged under the Deed of Charge and do any act, matter or thing which the 
Representative of the Bondholders considers necessary for the protection of the Bondholders 
and Other Guarantor Creditors’ rights under any of the Transaction Documents including the 
power to receive from the Issuer or the Guarantor any and all moneys payable by the Issuer or 
the Guarantor to any Bondholder or Other Guarantor Creditors. In any event, the 
Representative of the Bondholders shall not be bound to take any of the above steps unless it 
has been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all actions, proceedings, claims 
and demands to which it may thereby render itself liable and all costs, charges, damages and 
expenses which it may incur by so doing. 
Governing law 
The Intercreditor Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it are governed by Italian law. 
CORPORATE SERVICES AGREEMENT 
On 26 August 2015 the Guarantor Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor entered into the 
Corporate Services Agreement, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, 
pursuant to which the Guarantor Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide certain corporate 
and administrative services to the Guarantor.

--- Page 323 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
323 
 
 
 
Governing law 
The Corporate Services Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it are governed by Italian law. 
ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES AGREEMENT 
On 14 October 2021, the Guarantor Administrative Servicer and the Guarantor entered into the 
Administrative Services Agreement, , as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, 
pursuant to which the Guarantor Administrative Servicer has agreed to provide certain 
administrative services to the Guarantor. 
Governing law 
The Administrative Services Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with it are governed by Italian law. 
PROGRAMME AGREEMENT 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Bondholders and the Dealer(s), entered into the Programme Agreement, as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time, pursuant to which the parties thereof have recorded 
the arrangements agreed between them in relation to the issue by the Issuer and the subscription 
by the Dealer(s) from time to time of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
On 31 October 2017 Banco BPM acceded to the Programme Agreement. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Dealer(s) have agreed that any Covered 
Bonds of any Series which may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer and any 
Dealer(s) to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed for by such Dealer(s) shall be issued and 
subscribed for on the basis of, and in reliance upon, the representations, warranties, 
undertakings and indemnities made or given or provided to be made or given pursuant to the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed, neither the Issuer nor any 
Dealer(s) is, are or shall be, in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement, under 
any obligation to issue or subscribe for any Covered Bonds of any Series. In case of N Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree that one or more N Covered Bonds shall 
be issued by the Issuer directly to a third party determined by the relevant Dealer without prior 
subscription of the N Covered Bonds by the Dealer.  
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, before the Issuer reaches its first agreement with any 
Dealer for the issue and purchase of the first Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme, 
each Dealer shall have received, and found satisfactory (in its reasonable opinion), all of the 
documents and confirmations described in schedule 1 (Initial Conditions Precedent) of the 
Programme Agreement constituting the initial conditions precedent and the conditions 
precedent set out under Clause 3.2 (Conditions precedent to the issue of any Series of Covered 
Bonds) of the Programme Agreement, as applicable to the first Series, shall have been satisfied. 
According to the terms of the Programme Agreement, the Issuer may nominate any institution 
as a new Dealer in respect of the Programme or nominate any institution as a new Dealer only 
in relation to a particular Series of Covered Bonds upon satisfaction of certain conditions set 
out in the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 324 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
324 
 
 
 
In addition, under the Programme Agreement, the parties thereof have agreed to certain terms 
regulating, inter alia, the performance of any stabilisation action which may be carried out in 
connection with the issue of any Series of Covered Bonds. 
Governing law 
The Programme Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it are governed by Italian law. 
COVER POOL MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and the 
Representative of the Bondholders entered into the Cover Pool Management Agreement, as 
amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, pursuant to which they have agreed 
certain terms regulating, inter alia, the performance of the Tests and the purchase and sale by 
the Guarantor of the Eligible Assets and Substitution Assets included in the Cover Pool. 
On 31 October 2017 Banco BPM acceded to the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Under the Cover Pool Management Agreement the Issuer has undertaken to procure that on 
any Calculation Date each of the Mandatory Tests and the Amortisation Test (as described in 
detail in section “Credit Structure - Tests” below) is met with respect to the Cover Pool. In 
addition, starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds and until the earlier 
of (i) the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme 
have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Terms and Conditions, and 
(ii) the date on which an Issuer Default Notice is served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the 
Issuer has undertaken to procure that on any Calculation Date, the Asset Coverage Test (as 
described in detail in section “Credit Structure - Tests” below) are met with respect to the 
Eligible Cover Pool. 
For the purposes of article 129 of the CRR, the aggregate amount of the Substitution Assets 
and the Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool shall not be in excess of the Integration Limits 
set out in the Cover Pool Management Agreement. Any Substitution Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets in excess of the Integration Limits would not be computed for the purposes of the 
calculation of the Tests. 
For so long as any Series of Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer shall ensure that, 
on a continuing basis, the amount of Liquid Assets comprised in the Cover Pool is equal to or 
higher than the Liquidity Buffer Requirement. The Liquid Assets comprised in the Cover Pool 
shall be considered to contribute to the Eligible Cover Pool, provided that such assets satisfy 
the requirements to qualify as eligible assets set forth in article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter a), 
of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law. 
The Calculation Agent has agreed to prepare and deliver to the Issuer, any Additional Seller(s) 
(if any), the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Asset 
Monitor, a report setting out the calculations carried out by it with respect of the Mandatory 
Tests and the Amortisation Test and, prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the Asset 
Coverage Test (the Test Performance Report). Such report shall specify the occurrence of a 
breach of the Mandatory Tests and/or the Amortisation Test and/or of the Asset Coverage Test.

--- Page 325 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
325 
 
 
 
Following the notification by the Calculation Agent, in the relevant Test Performance Report, 
of a breach of any Test, the Guarantor will purchase (with the proceeds of any appropriate 
Term Loan advanced by the Issuer (and/or any Additional Seller, if any) in accordance with 
the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement) Subsequent Portfolios from the Seller (and/or any 
Additional Seller, if any) in accordance with the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement 
and/or purchase, or invest in, Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets, in order 
to ensure that, within the Test Grace Period, all Tests are satisfied with respect to the Cover 
Pool. 
If the relevant breach has not been remedied prior to the end of the applicable Test Grace 
Period, in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Representative of the 
Bondholders shall deliver: 
(a) 
a Breach of Tests Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor; or 
(b) 
a Guarantor Default Notice, if an Issuer Default Notice has already been served and is 
outstanding. 
Under the Cover Pool Management Agreement the parties thereof have also agreed the 
conditions that the Guarantor shall comply with in the selection of the assets to be purchased. 
For such purpose the Guarantor will: 
(a) 
give priority to the purchase of Subsequent Portfolios of Eligible Assets, Substitution 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets from the Seller (and/or any Additional Seller, if any) and 
(b) 
to the extent that the Seller (and/or any Additional Sellers) inform the Guarantor that 
the Receivables available for sale to the Guarantor prior to the expiry of the relevant 
Test Grace Period are not sufficient for the purpose of allowing the Tests to be met as 
of the following Calculation Date, the Guarantor will: 
(i) 
purchase other Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets from 
the Seller (and/or any Additional Sellers) (as the case may be); and 
(ii) 
to the extent the Substitution Assets purchased in accordance with item (i) above 
are insufficient, purchase Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets from other 
entities. 
After the service of a Breach of Tests Notice or of an Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor, 
but prior to service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor (or the Servicer on behalf of 
the Guarantor) may, or following an Issuer Default Notice, shall sell, provided that the 
Representative of the Bondholders has been duly informed, the Eligible Assets, Substitution 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement, subject to the rights of pre-emption in favour of the Seller to buy 
such Eligible Assets and Substitution Assets pursuant to, respectively, the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
The Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets to be sold will be selected from 
the Cover Pool on a random basis by the Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor (any such Eligible 
Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets, the Selected Assets) and the proceeds from 
any sale of Selected Assets shall be credited to the Transaction Account and applied as set out 
in the applicable Priority of Payments.

--- Page 326 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
326 
 
 
 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, before offering Selected Assets 
for sale, the Guarantor shall ensure that the Selected Assets have an aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance in an amount (the Adjusted Required Outstanding Principal Balance 
Amount) which is as close as possible to: 
(a) 
following the service of an Breach of Test Notice (but prior to service of an Issuer 
Default Notice), such amount that would ensure that, if the Selected Assets were sold 
at their Outstanding Principal Balance plus the interest in arrears and Accrued Interest 
thereon, the relevant Test would be satisfied on the next Calculation Date taking into 
account the payment obligations of the Guarantor on the Guarantor Payment Date 
following that Calculation Date (assuming for this purpose that the Breach of Test 
Notice is not revoked on the next Calculation Date); 
(b) 
following the service of an Issuer Default Notice: 
(i) 
the Euro Equivalent of the Principal Amount Outstanding in respect of the 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, multiplied by 1+ Negative Carry Factor x 
(days to maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds/365) (the Required 
Redemption Amount); minus 
(ii) 
amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts; minus 
(iii) 
the EUR Equivalent of the principal amount of any Substitution Assets, Liquid 
Assets and Eligible Investments, plus or minus 
(iv) 
as applicable, any swap termination amounts payable under the Swap 
Agreements to or by the Guarantor in respect of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds, 
excluding, with respect to items (a) and (b) above all amounts estimated to be applied on the 
next following Guarantor Payment Date to repay higher ranking amounts in the applicable 
Priority of Payments and those amounts that are required to repay any Series of Covered Bonds 
which become due prior to or on the same date as the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds. 
The Guarantor will offer the Selected Assets for sale for the best price reasonably available but 
in any event for an amount not less than the Adjusted Required Outstanding Principal Balance 
Amount. If the Selected Assets have not been sold in an amount equal to the Adjusted Required 
Outstanding Principal Balance Amount by the date which is six months prior to, as applicable, 
the Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an Extended 
Maturity Date) or the Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is 
subject to an Extended Maturity Date) of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, and the 
Guarantor does not have sufficient other funds standing to the credit of the Accounts available 
to repay the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (after taking into account all payments, 
provisions and credits to be made in priority thereto), then the Guarantor will offer the Selected 
Assets for sale for the best price reasonably available notwithstanding that such amount may 
be less than the Adjusted Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount. 
In addition, after the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor may, upon the 
evaluation carried out by the Portfolio Manager taking into account the then relevant market 
conditions, sell or liquidate Selected Assets for an amount equal to the Adjusted Required

--- Page 327 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
327 
 
 
 
Outstanding Principal Balance Amount calculated in respect of any other Series of Covered 
Bonds then outstanding, rather than in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds only. 
The Guarantor may offer for sale part of any portfolio of Selected Assets (a Partial Portfolio). 
Except in certain circumstances, the sale price of the Partial Portfolio (as a proportion of the 
Adjusted Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount) shall be at least equal to the 
proportion that the Partial Portfolio bears to the relevant portfolio of Selected Assets. 
With respect to any sale to be carried out in accordance with the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, the Guarantor shall instruct a recognised portfolio manager (which shall be 
appointed through a tender process) (the Portfolio Manager) to endeavour - to the extent 
possible taking into account the time left before the Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date 
(if applicable) of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds - to advise in relation to the sale of the 
Selected Assets included in the Cover Pool. 
Following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, but prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default 
Notice, the right of the Guarantor to sell Selected Assets and Eligible Assets, as described 
above, shall cease to apply if on any Calculation Date prior to the expiry of the Test Remedy 
Period the Tests are subsequently met, unless any other Segregation Event has occurred and is 
outstanding and without prejudice to the obligation of the Representative of the Bondholders 
to deliver a subsequent Breach of Tests Notice at any time thereafter to the extent a further 
Segregation Event occurs. If the relevant Test(s) is/are met within the Test Remedy Period, the 
Representative of the Bondholders will promptly deliver to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Asset Monitor a notice informing such parties that the Breach of Tests Notice then outstanding 
has been revoked. 
Under the Cover Pool Management Agreement, following the delivery by the Representative 
of the Bondholders of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall immediately sell all 
Eligible Assets and Substitution Assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
procedures described above and set out in the Cover Pool Management Agreement, provided 
that the Guarantor will instruct the Portfolio Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to 
procure that such sale is carried out as quickly as reasonably practicable taking into account 
the market conditions at that time. 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, prior to the occurrence of a Segregation 
Event, or if earlier, an Issuer Event of Default, the Seller (and/or the Additional Seller (if any)) 
will have the right to repurchase any Excess Assets transferred to the Guarantor provided that, 
(a) any such purchase will not cause any Test to be breached and the Liquidity Buffer 
Requirement will continue to be met, (b) the Seller shall repurchase any Substitution Assets 
before any other Excess Assets and (c) any such purchase may occur in accordance with any 
relevant law, regulation or interpretation of any authority (including, for the avoidance of 
doubts, the Bank of Italy or the Ministry of Economy and Finance) which may be enacted with 
respect to the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
For further details, see section “Credit Structure - Tests” below. 
Governing law 
The Cover Pool Management Agreement any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it are governed by Italian law.

--- Page 328 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
328 
 
 
 
DEED OF CHARGE 
On or about the First Issue Date, the Guarantor will enter into the Deed of Charge with the 
Representative of the Bondholders pursuant to which, without prejudice and in addition to any 
security, guarantees and other rights provided by the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law 
securing the discharge of the Guarantor’s obligations to the Bondholders and the Other 
Guarantor Creditors, the Guarantor will assign in favour of the Representative of the 
Bondholders as trustee for the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors all of its rights, 
benefits and interest under the Interest Rate Swap Agreement and any other English law 
governed Transaction Document that may from time to time be entered into. The security 
created pursuant to the Deed of Charge will become enforceable upon the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice. 
Governing law 
The Deed of Charge any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it are 
governed by English law. 
ASSET MONITOR AGREEMENT 
Please see section “The Asset Monitor” below.

--- Page 329 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
329 
 
 
 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer. The 
Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the Guarantee until the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, service by the Representative of the Bondholders on 
the Issuer and on the Guarantor of an Issuer Default Notice or, if earlier, following the 
occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, service by the Representative of the Bondholders 
of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor. The Issuer will not be relying on payments by 
the Guarantor in respect of the Term Loans or receipt of Interest Available Funds or Principal 
Available Funds from the Cover Pool in order to pay interest or repay principal under the 
Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, 
as applicable, ultimate payments to Bondholders, as follows: 
 
the Guarantee provides credit support for the benefit of the Beneficiaries; 
 
the Mandatory Tests and the Amortisation Tests are intended to ensure that the Cover 
Pool is at all times sufficient to pay any interest and principal under the Covered Bonds; 
 
the Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Guarantor’s assets 
in respect of the Covered Bonds following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, 
applying for the purpose of such coverage an Asset Percentage factor determined in 
order to provide a degree of over-collateralization with respect to the Cover Pool; 
 
the Liquidity Buffer Requirement is intended to ensure that, on a continuing basis, the 
amount of Liquid Assets comprised in the Cover Pool is equal to or higher than the 
maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 days; 
 
the Swap Agreements (if any) are intended to mitigate certain interest rate, current or 
other risks in respect of amounts received and amounts payable by the Guarantor; 
 
a Reserve Account will be established which will build up over time using excess cash 
flow from Interest Available Funds and will be maintained only as long as the 
Counterparty Risk Assessment of the Issuer’s is below “Baa3(cr)” by the Rating 
Agency; and 
 
under the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement, the 
Investment Manager has agreed to invest the moneys standing to the credit of the 
Transaction Accounts and the Reserve Account in purchasing Eligible Investments. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Guarantee 
The Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed Amounts when 
the same become Due for Payment in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. The Guarantee will not guarantee any other amount becoming payable in respect 
of the Covered Bonds for any other reason, including any accelerated payment pursuant to 
Condition 11.2 (Issuer Events of Default) following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice. 
In this circumstance (and until a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Guarantor Default

--- Page 330 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
330 
 
 
 
Notice is served), the Guarantor’s obligations will only be to pay the Guaranteed Amounts as 
they fall Due for Payment. Payments to be made by the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be 
made subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments, as applicable. 
See further “Description of the Transaction Documents - Guarantee”, as regards the terms of 
the Guarantee. See “Cashflows - Guarantee Priority of Payments”, as regards the payment of 
amounts payable by the Guarantor to Bondholders and other creditors following the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event of Default. 
Tests 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Issuer (and any Additional 
Seller(s), if any) must ensure that on each Calculation Date the Cover Pool is in compliance 
with the Tests described below. If on any Calculation Date the Cover Pool is not in compliance 
with the Tests, then the Guarantor may require the Issuer (and each Seller (on a joint and several 
basis)) to grant further Term Loans for the purposes of funding the purchase of Subsequent 
Portfolios or investments in Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
representing an amount sufficient to allow the Tests to be met on the next following Calculation 
Date, in accordance with, as appropriate, the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. If the 
Cover Pool is not in compliance with the Tests on the next following Calculation Date, the 
Representative of the Bondholders will serve a Breach of Tests Notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor. The Representative of the Bondholders shall revoke the Breach of Tests Notice if 
on any Calculation Date the Tests are subsequently satisfied unless any other Segregation Event 
has occurred and is outstanding and without prejudice to the obligation of the Representative 
of the Bondholders to a subsequent Breach of Tests Notice. If following the delivery of a 
Breach of Tests Notice, the Tests are not met on, or prior to, the Calculation Date falling at the 
end of the Test Remedy Period, the Representative of the Bondholders will serve an Issuer 
Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
 
Mandatory Tests 
The Mandatory Tests are intended to ensure that the Guarantor can meet its obligations under 
the Guarantee. In order to ensure that the Mandatory Tests provided for under Article 7-
undecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law (the Mandatory Tests) are satisfied 
and that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to repay the Covered Bonds, the Issuer (and 
any Additional Seller(s), if any) must always ensure that the three tests set out below are 
satisfied on each Calculation Date. 
It is understood that:  
(i) 
pursuant to article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter d) of the Securitisation and Covered 
Bonds Law, the calculation of the interest generated by the assets included in the 
Eligible Cover Pool and the interest due by the Issuer on the Covered Bonds outstanding 
shall be made on the basis of prudent criteria and criteria consistent with the applicable 
accounting principles; and 
(ii) 
pursuant to article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter f) of the Securitisation and Covered 
Bonds Law, the methodologies for the calculation of the numerator and denominator of 
the Mandatory Tests are based on criteria consistent with each other. 
(A) 
Nominal value test

--- Page 331 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
331 
 
 
 
The Issuer (and any Additional Seller(s), if any) must ensure that on each Calculation Date the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Eligible Cover Pool (excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Eligible Swap Agreement (if any)) is higher than or equal to the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and 
not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Terms and Conditions at the relevant 
Calculation Date, provided that the Minimum Overcollateralisation Requirement shall at all 
times be met. 
(B) 
Net Present Value Test 
The Issuer (and any Additional Seller, if any) must ensure that on each Calculation Date, the 
net present value of the Eligible Cover Pool, taking into account any Substitution Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets in excess of the Integration Limit transferred pursuant to the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool Management Agreement for the purposes of 
complying with the Nominal Value Test, (including the payments of any nature expected to be 
received by the Guarantor with respect to any Eligible Swap Agreement (if any)), net of the 
transaction costs to be borne by the Guarantor (including the payments of any nature expected 
or due with respect to any Eligible Swap Agreement (if any) and the Expected Programme 
Unwinding Costs) shall be higher than or equal to the net present value of all Series of Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with 
their Terms and Conditions. 
(C) 
Interest Coverage Test 
The Issuer (and any Additional Seller, if any) must ensure that on each Calculation Date the 
amount of interest and other revenues generated by the assets included in the Eligible Cover 
Pool, taking into account any Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of the 
Integration Limit transferred pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement for the purposes of complying with the Nominal Value 
Test, (including the payments of any nature expected to be received by the Guarantor with 
respect to any Eligible Swap Agreement), net of the costs borne by the Guarantor (including 
the payments of any nature expected or due to the Swap Providers with respect to any Eligible 
Swap Agreement), shall be higher than the amount of interest due on all Series of Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with 
their Terms and Conditions as at the relevant Calculation Date.  
(D) 
Asset Coverage Test 
The Calculation Agent shall verify on each Calculation Date that the Asset Coverage Test is 
met with respect to the Eligible Cover Pool.  The Asset Coverage Test will be considered met 
if, on the relevant Calculation Date, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to 
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds. 
The Calculation Agent shall calculate the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount by applying the 
following formula: 
A+B+C+D-Z-W 
where, 
(i) 
A is equal to

--- Page 332 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
332 
 
 
 
the lower of (A) and (B), where: 
(A) 
means the sum of the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of each Residential 
Mortgage Loan in the Eligible Cover Pool, which shall be the lower of (I) the 
actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Residential Mortgage Loan 
in the Eligible Cover Pool as calculated on the last day of the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period, and (II) the Latest Valuation relating to that 
Residential Mortgage Loan multiplied by M (where M is: (a) equal to 80% for 
all Residential Mortgage Loans that are less than three months in arrears or not 
in arrears; (b) equal to 40% for all the Mortgage Loans that are more than three 
months in arrears but not classified (treated) as Non Performing Receivables; 
and (c) equal to 0% for all Non Performing Receivables) 
minus 
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate LTV 
Adjusted Principal Balance of the Residential Mortgage Loans in the Eligible 
Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the previous Calculation 
Period: 
I. 
a Residential Mortgage Loan or its Collateral Security was, in the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period, in breach of the 
representations and warranties contained in the relevant Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement and the relevant Seller has not indemnified the 
Guarantor to the extent required by the terms of the relevant Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement (any such Residential Mortgage Loan an 
Affected Loan).  In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal 
Balance of the Residential Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool 
(as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation 
Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the LTV 
Adjusted Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loan or Affected 
Loans (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period); and/or  
II. 
the Seller (and/or any Additional Seller) (as the case may be), in any 
preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material 
warranty under the relevant Master Receivables Purchase Agreement 
and/or the Servicer or any Sub-Servicer was, in any preceding 
Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing 
Agreement.  In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal 
Balance of the Residential Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool 
(as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation 
Period) will be deemed to be reduced, by an amount equal to the 
resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period (such financial loss to be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent without double counting and to be reduced by 
any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the Seller 
(and/or any Additional Seller) (as the case may be) to indemnify the 
Guarantor for such financial loss) (any such loss a Breach Related 
Loss);

--- Page 333 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
333 
 
 
 
AND 
(B) 
means the aggregate Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of the 
Residential Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool which in relation to each 
Residential Mortgage Loan shall be the lower of (I) the actual Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the relevant Residential Mortgage Loan as calculated on 
the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period, and (II) the Latest 
Valuation relating to that Residential Mortgage Loan multiplied by N (where N 
is: (x) equal to 1 for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are less than three 
months in arrears or not in arrears and/or (y) equal to 40% for all Mortgage 
Loans that are more than three months in arrears but not classified (treated) as 
Non Performing Receivables and/or (z) equal to 0% for all Non Performing 
Receivables) 
minus 
the aggregate sum of (1) the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of the 
any Affected Loan(s) and/or (2) any Breach Related Losses occurred during the 
previous Calculation Period calculated as described under (A)I and (A)II above; 
the result of which is multiplied by  
the Asset Percentage (as defined under letter (vii) below); 
(ii) 
B is equal to  
the aggregate amount of all cash standing on the Accounts; 
(iii) 
C is equal to 
the aggregate amount of any proceeds advanced under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement which have not been applied as at the relevant Calculation Date to acquire 
further Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets and their Collateral 
Security or otherwise applied in accordance with the Transaction Documents; 
(iv) 
D is equal to 
the aggregate outstanding principal balance of any Eligible Assets (other than those 
under letter (i) above), Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets and/or Eligible 
Investments, as applicable;  
(v)  
Z is equal to 
the WA Remaining Maturity multiplied by the aggregate (Euro Equivalent) Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds multiplied by the Negative Carry Factor; 
(vi) 
W is equal to the Potential Commingling Amount.  
(vii) 
Asset Percentage means: 
(A) 
(i) as long as any Series issued prior to the New CB Legislation Effective Date 
is outstanding, 93% or such lesser percentage figure as determined from time to

--- Page 334 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
334 
 
 
 
time by the Calculation Agent (on behalf of the Guarantor) and notified to the 
Rating Agency and the Representative of the Bondholders, or (ii) following the 
redemption in full of any Series issued prior to the New CB Legislation 
Effective Date, the asset percentage corresponding to the Minimum 
Overcollateralisation Requirement or such lower asset percentage figure as 
determined from time to time by the Calculation Agent (on behalf of the 
Guarantor) and notified to the Rating Agency and the Representative of the 
Bondholders. 
(B) 
Subject to prior notice to the Rating Agency, the Asset Percentage will be 
adjusted in accordance with the various methodologies applied by the Rating 
Agency. 
 
(viii) Set-off 
The Issuer undertakes, if its rating falls below “A3” by Moody’s, to provide to the 
Rating Agency additional information in respect of certain Debtors’ account balances 
held with the Issuer only if requested by the Rating Agency. 
(E) 
Amortisation Test 
The Calculation Agent shall verify on each Calculation Date following the delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice that the Amortisation Test is met with respect to the Eligible Cover Pool. The 
Calculation Agent shall verify that the Euro Equivalent of the outstanding principal balance of 
the Cover Pool, considered, for the purpose of such test, as an amount equal to the Amortisation 
Test Aggregate Loan Amount, which will be calculated on each Calculation Date by applying 
the following formula: 
A+B+C-Z 
where, 
(A) 
“A” is the lower of: 
(1)
 
 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of each Residential Mortgage Loan 
as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period 
multiplied by M; and 
(2)
 
 
the Latest Valuation multiplied by M, 
where M is: (i) equal to 100% for all the Residential Mortgage Loans that are less than 
three months in arrears or not in arrears (or such higher percentage as may be agreed 
with respect to insured Residential Mortgage Loans); (ii) equal to 80% for all the 
Residential Mortgage Loans that are equal to or more than three months in arrears but 
not classified (treated) as Non Performing Receivables; and (iii) equal to 65% for all 
the Non Performing Receivables; 
(B) 
“B” the aggregate amount of all cash standing on the Accounts;

--- Page 335 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
335 
 
 
 
(C) 
“C” is the aggregate outstanding principal balance of any Eligible Assets (other than 
those under letter “A” above), Substitution Assets, Liquid Assets and/or Eligible 
Investments, as applicable, as calculated on the latest Calculation Date; and 
(D) 
“Z” is equal to the WA Remaining Maturity multiplied by the aggregate (EUR 
Equivalent) Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds multiplied by the 
Negative Carry Factor. 
is higher than or equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their 
Terms and Conditions at the relevant Calculation Date. 
Breach of Tests 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any of the Mandatory Tests and/or the Amortisation 
Test and/or the Asset Coverage Test is not met according to the respective formulas, then such 
event shall constitute a breach of the Mandatory Tests and/or of the Amortisation Test and/or 
of the Asset Coverage Test. 
During the period starting on the date on which the breach is notified by the Calculation Agent 
and the following Calculation Date (the Test Grace Period) or in order to prevent any breach 
of Tests as evaluated by the Calculation Agent and notified to the Guarantor, the Guarantor 
will: 
(a) 
purchase Subsequent Portfolios from the Seller which assigned the Receivables in 
relation to which the shortfall has occurred or, upon certain circumstances set out in the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement, from any Seller, in accordance with the relevant 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement (or the relevant transfer agreement); and/or 
(b) 
purchase, or invest in, Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets, 
in each case in an amount sufficient to ensure, also taking into account the information provided 
by the Calculation Agent in its notification of the breach, that as of the subsequent Calculation 
Date, all Tests are satisfied with respect to the Eligible Cover Pool. 
Failure to remedy Tests 
If the relevant breach has not been remedied prior to the end of the applicable Test Grace 
Period, in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Representative of the 
Bondholders, shall deliver: 
(a) 
a Breach of Tests Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor; or 
(b) 
a Guarantor Default Notice, if an Issuer Default Notice has already been served. 
Upon receipt of a Breach of Tests Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall 
dispose of the assets included in the Cover Pool, in accordance with the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement.

--- Page 336 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
336 
 
 
 
Revocation of a Breach of Tests Notice 
Following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, but prior to the delivery of an Issuer Event 
of Default, the right of the Guarantor to sell Selected Assets in accordance to the terms of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement shall cease to apply if on any Calculation Date prior to 
the expiry of the Test Remedy Period the Tests are subsequently met, unless any other 
Segregation Event has occurred and is outstanding and the Representative of the Bondholders 
will promptly deliver to the Issuer (any Additional Seller(s), if any), the Guarantor and the 
Asset Monitor a notice (the Cure Notice) informing such parties that the Breach of Tests 
Notice then outstanding has been revoked, provided that nothing shall prejudice to the 
obligation of the Representative of the Bondholders to deliver a subsequent Breach of Tests 
Notice at any time thereafter to the extent a further Segregation Event occurs. 
Liquidity Buffer Requirement 
Pursuant to article 7-duodecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law and with the Bank 
of Italy Regulations, the Issuer shall ensure that, on a continuing basis, the amount of Liquid 
Assets comprised in the Cover Pool is equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative Net 
Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 days, provided that, for the purposes of 
calculating the Net Liquidity Outflows, the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds shall be deemed to be due on the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date (where 
applicable) and not on the relevant Final Maturity Date (the Liquidity Buffer Requirement). 
In order to ensure the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Liquidity Buffer Requirement, 
the Seller (and/or the Additional Seller (if any)) shall: 
(a) 
prior to an Issuer Event of Default (i) sell Liquid Assets to the Guarantor pursuant to 
the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, and/or repurchase assets comprised in the 
Cover Pool (other than Liquid Assets) pursuant to clause 12 of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement; or  
(b) 
following an Issuer Event of Default, sell (through the Portfolio Manager) Selected 
Assets in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
It is understood that, in accordance with article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter c), of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, the Liquid Assets comprised in the Cover Pool shall 
be considered to contribute to the Eligible Cover Pool, provided that such assets satisfy the 
requirements to qualify as eligible assets set forth in article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter a), of 
the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law. 
The Liquid Assets will comprise also the amounts from time to time standing to the credit of 
the Reserve Account. Such account is held in the name of the Guarantor and will build up over 
time using excess cash flows remaining on each Guarantor Payment Date after payments 
required to be made on such date have been made. On each Guarantor Payment Date, in 
accordance with the Priority of Payments, available funds shall be deposited by the Issuer in 
the Reserve Account until the Cash Reserve equals the target cash reserve for such Guarantor 
Payment Date. The cash reserve amount over and above the target cash amount will be used 
on each Guarantor Payment Date together with other Guarantor Available Funds, for making 
the payments required by the applicable Priority of Payments, to the extent that the Guarantor 
Available Funds are not sufficient to make such payments on such Payments Date.

--- Page 337 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
337 
 
 
 
Integration Limits 
The aggregate amount of the Substitution Assets and the Liquid Assets included in the Cover 
Pool shall not be in excess of the Integration Limits. 
In order to ensure the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Integration Limits: 
(a) 
the Seller (and/or the Additional Seller (if any)) may: 
(i) 
sell Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets to the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement; and/or 
(ii) 
repurchase Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets pursuant to clause 12 of the 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement; and/or 
(b) 
the Guarantor may repay any Term Loan outstanding under the relevant Subordinated 
Loan Agreement in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of 
Payments.    
It is understood that any Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of the Integration 
Limits would not be computed for the purposes of the calculation of the Tests pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement.

--- Page 338 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
338 
 
 
 
CASHFLOWS 
As described above under “Credit Structure”, until an Issuer Default Notice is served on the 
Guarantor, the Covered Bonds will be obligations of the Issuer only. The Issuer is liable to 
make payments when due on the Covered Bonds, whether or not it has received any 
corresponding payment from the Guarantor. 
This section summarises the cashflows of the Guarantor only, as to the allocation and 
distribution of amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts and their order of priority (all 
such orders of priority, the Priority of Payments) (a) prior to an Issuer Event of Default and a 
Guarantor Event of Default, (b) following an Issuer Event of Default (but prior to a Guarantor 
Event of Default) and (c) following a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Definitions 
For the purposes hereof the Guarantor Available Funds are constituted by the Interest Available 
Funds and the Principal Available Funds, which will be calculated by Banco BPM on each 
Calculation Date. 
Interest Available Funds means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of, 
without double counting: 
(a) 
any interest amounts collected by the Servicer and/or any Sub-Servicers in respect of 
the Cover Pool and credited into the relevant Collection Account during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(b) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest received by the Servicer and/or any Sub-Servicers 
and credited to the relevant Collection Account during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; 
(c) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on 
the Accounts during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(d) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account in excess of the Reserve 
Required Amount, and following the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the 
Guarantor, any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account; 
(e) 
any interest amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account; 
(f) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments; 
(g) 
subject to item (i) below, any amounts received under the Cover Pool Swap Agreement 
(if any), 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such 
amounts received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior to the 
next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be applied, together with any 
provision for such payments made on any preceding Calculation Date, (i) to make 
payments in respect of interest due and payable, pro rata and pari passu in respect of 
each relevant Interest Swap Agreement or, as the case may be, (ii) to make payments 
in respect of interest due on the Covered Bonds under the Guarantee, pari passu and 
pro rata in respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds, or (iii) to make provision

--- Page 339 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
339 
 
 
 
for the payment of such relevant proportion of such amounts to be paid on any other 
day up to the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date, as the Calculation Agent 
may reasonably determine, or otherwise (iv) to make payments to a Subordinated 
Lender under the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement as described in item Fifth (b) 
of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
and provided further that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any 
such amounts received or to be received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date 
(included) but prior to the next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) which 
are not used to make the payments or provisions set out under the preceding paragraph 
will be credited to the Transaction Account and applied as Interest Available Funds on 
such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(h) 
subject to item (i) below, any amounts received under the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreements other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts, 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such 
amounts received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior to the 
next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be applied (i) to make 
payments in respect of interest due and payable under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreements or, as the case may be, (ii) together with any provision for such payment 
made on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date, to make payments in respect of 
interest on the Covered Bonds under the Guarantee, pro rata and pari passu in respect 
of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds; 
and provided further that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any 
such amounts received on or to be received after such Guarantor Payment Date 
(included) but prior to the next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) which 
are not used to make the payments or provisions set out under the preceding paragraph 
will be credited to the Transaction Account and applied as Interest Available Funds on 
such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(i) 
any swap termination payments received from a Swap Provider under a Swap 
Agreement (if any), 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such 
amounts received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior to the 
next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be applied (i) to make 
payments in respect of interest due and payable under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreements or, as the case may be, (ii) together with any provision for such payment 
made on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date, to make payments in respect of 
interest on the Covered Bonds under the Guarantee, pro rata and pari passu in respect 
of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds; 
and provided further that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any 
such amounts received on or to be received after such Guarantor Payment Date 
(included) but prior to the next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) which 
are not used to make the payments or provisions set out under the preceding paragraph 
will be credited to the Transaction Account and applied as Interest Available Funds on 
such Guarantor Payment Date;

--- Page 340 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
340 
 
 
 
(j) 
all interest amounts received from any Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the relevant 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement during the immediately preceding Collection 
Period; 
(k) 
any amounts paid as Interest Shortfall Amount out of item (i)  of the Pre-Issuer Default 
Principal Priority of Payments; and 
(l) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the 
Guarantor Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the 
Transaction Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
Principal Available Funds means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate 
of, without double counting: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer and/or the Sub-Servicers in respect of 
the Cover Pool and credited to the relevant Collection Account of the Guarantor during 
the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(b) 
all other recoveries in respect of principal received by the Servicer and/or the Sub-
Servicers and credited to the relevant Collection Account of the Guarantor during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(c) 
all principal amounts received from any Sellers by the Guarantor pursuant to the 
relevant Master Receivables Purchase Agreement during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; 
(d) 
the proceeds of any disposal of Receivables and other Eligible Assets and any 
disinvestment of Substitution Assets, Liquid Assets or Eligible Investments; 
(e) 
any amounts granted by any Seller under the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement 
and not used to fund the payment of the Purchase Price for any Eligible Assets, 
Substitution Asset and/or Liquid Assets; 
(f) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under the Swap Agreements (if any) 
other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts, 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such 
amounts received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior to the 
next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be applied (i) to make 
payments in respect of principal due and payable under any Converted Loan (provided 
that all principal amounts outstanding under a relevant Series of Covered Bonds which 
have fallen due for repayment on such Guarantor Payment Date have been repaid in 
full by the Issuer), or, as the case may be, (ii) together with any provision for such 
payment made on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date, to make payments in respect 
of principal on the Covered Bonds under the Guarantee, pro rata and pari passu in 
respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds, 
and provided further that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any 
such amounts received on or to be received after such Guarantor Payment Date but prior 
to the next following Guarantor Payment Date which are not used to make the payments 
or provisions set out under the preceding paragraph will be credited to the Transaction 
Account and applied as Principal Available Funds on such Guarantor Payment Date;

--- Page 341 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
341 
 
 
 
(g) 
any amounts paid out of item Ninth of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of 
Payments; and 
(h) 
any principal amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account, other than the 
Potential Commingling Amount (to the extent they are not entitled to be released). 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments 
The Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date in making the 
following payments and provisions in the following order of priority (in each case only if and 
to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
1. 
first, (a) to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, 
any Expenses (to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account 
have been insufficient to pay such amounts) and (b) to credit to the Expenses Account 
such an amount as will bring the balance of such account up to (but not in excess of) 
the Retention Amount; 
2. 
second, to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Bondholders; 
3. 
third, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any amount due and payable to the Servicer, the 
Back-up Servicer (if any), the Sub-Servicer(s), the Account Bank, the Back-up Account 
Bank, the Collection Account Bank, the Asset Monitor, the Calculation Agent the 
Investment Manager, the Principal Paying Agent, the Guarantor Administrative 
Servicer, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Registered Paying Agent (if any) and 
the Registrar (if any); 
4. 
fourth, to pay any amounts due to the Cover Pool Swap Provider (if any) (including any 
termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor except where the swap 
counterparty is the Defaulting Party or the sole Affected Party (the Excluded Swap 
Termination Amounts)); 
5. 
fifth, pro rata and pari passu (a) on any relevant Guarantor Payment Date, to pay, or 
make a provision for payment of such proportion of, any relevant amount falling due 
up to the next following Guarantor Payment Date as the Calculation Agent may 
reasonably determine (and in the case of any such payment or provision, after taking 
into account any provisions previously made and any amounts to be received from the 
Cover Pool Swap Provider under the Cover Pool Rate Swap Agreement (if any) and, if 
applicable, any amounts (other than principal) to be received from an Interest Rate 
Swap Provider on such Guarantor Payment Date or such other date up to the next 
following Guarantor Payment Date as the Calculation Agent may reasonably 
determine), of interest amounts due to the Interest Rate Swap Provider(s), pro rata and 
pari passu in respect of each relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement (if any) (including 
any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor other than any Excluded 
Swap Termination Amounts); and (b) on any relevant Guarantor Payment Date, to pay, 
or make a provision for payment of such proportion of, any Base Interest due and 
payable up to the next following Guarantor Payment Date to the Subordinated Lender 
pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, provided that (i) no 
Segregation Event has occurred and is continuing on such Guarantor Payment Date; 
and (ii) if a Segregation Event has occurred and is continuing, any amount of interest 
on the Covered Bonds has been duly and timely paid by the Issuer;

--- Page 342 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
342 
 
 
 
6. 
sixth, to credit to the Reserve Account an amount required to ensure that the Reserve 
Amount is funded up to the Reserve Required Amount, as calculated on the 
immediately preceding Calculation Date; 
7. 
seventh, upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event, to credit all remaining 
Interest Available Funds to the Transaction Account until such Servicer Termination 
Event is either remedied or waived by the Representative of the Bondholders or a new 
servicer is appointed; 
8. 
eighth, to pay pro rata and pari passu in accordance with the respective amounts thereof 
any Excluded Swap Termination Amounts (if any); 
9. 
ninth, to transfer to the Principal Available Funds an amount equal to the Interest 
Shortfall Amount, if any, allocated on the immediately preceding Guarantor Payment 
Date under item First of the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments and on 
any preceding Guarantor Payment Dates and not already repaid; 
10. 
tenth, to pay to Banco BPM any amount due and payable under the Transaction 
Documents, to the extent not already paid or payable under other items of this Pre-
Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
11. 
eleventh, to pay pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof 
any Premium on the Term Loans, provided that no Segregation Event has occurred and 
is continuing. 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments 
The Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date in making the 
following payments and provisions in the following order of priority (in each case only if and 
to the extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
1. 
first, to pay any amount payable as Interest Shortfall Amount; 
2. 
second, to acquire Subsequent Portfolios and/or Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets (other than those funded through the proceeds of a Term Loan) 
pursuant to the terms of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and/or the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement; 
3. 
third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata in accordance with the respective amounts thereof: 
(a) any principal amounts due or to become due and payable to the relevant Swap 
Providers pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Swap Agreement (if any); 
and (b) (where appropriate, after taking into account any amounts in respect of principal 
to be received from a Swap Provider on such Guarantor Payment Date or such other 
date up to the next following Guarantor Payment Date as the Calculation Agent may 
reasonably determine) (i) on each Guarantor Payment Date the amounts (in respect of 
principal) due or to become due and payable under a Converted Loan in accordance 
with the provisions of the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement, and (ii) on each 
Guarantor Payment Date, the amounts (in respect of principal) due or to become due 
and payable under a Term Loan, provided that in both cases under (i) and (ii) above no 
Segregation Event has occurred and is continuing and/or, where applicable, provided 
that no amounts shall be applied to make a repayment in full in respect of a Converted

--- Page 343 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
343 
 
 
 
Loan if the principal amounts outstanding under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
which have fallen due for payment on such relevant Guarantor Payment Date have not 
been repaid in full by the Issuer. 
Guarantee Priority of Payments 
Following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor Available Funds shall be 
applied on each Guarantor Payment Date in making the following payments and provisions in 
the following order of priority (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher 
priority have been made in full): 
1. 
first, (a) to pay, pari passu and pro rata, any Expenses (to the extent that amounts 
standing to the credit of the Expenses Account have been insufficient to pay such 
amounts) and (b) to credit to the Expenses Account such an amount as will bring the 
balance of such account up to (but not in excess of) the Retention Amount; 
2. 
second, to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Bondholders; 
3. 
third, to pay, pari passu and according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount 
due and payable to the Servicer, the Back-up Servicer (if any), the Sub-Servicer(s) (if 
any), the Account Bank, the Back-up Account Bank, the Collection Account Bank, the 
Asset Monitor, the Calculation Agent the Investment Manager, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Guarantor Administrative Servicer, the 
Paying Agent(s) (if any), the Portfolio Manager (if any), the Registered Paying Agent 
(if any) and the Registrar (if any); 
4. 
fourth, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) to pay, 
on such Guarantor Payment Date or to make a provision for payment of such proportion 
of any relevant amount falling due up to the next following Guarantor Payment Date as 
the Calculation Agent may reasonably determine, any interest amounts due to the Swap 
Provider(s), pro rata and pari passu in respect of each relevant Swap Agreement (if 
any) (including any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor other than 
any Excluded Swap Termination Amounts); and (ii) to pay, on such Guarantor Payment 
Date, any interest due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date (or that will 
become due and payable on the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date) 
under the Guarantee in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds pari passu and pro 
rata in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds; 
5. 
fifth, pari passu and pro rata: (a) in or towards payment on such Guarantor Payment 
Date or to make a provision for payment of such proportion of any relevant amount 
falling due up to the next following Guarantor Payment Date as the Calculation Agent 
may reasonably determine, of, the amounts in respect of principal due or to become due 
and payable to the Swap Providers (if any) pro rata and pari passu in respect of each 
relevant Swap Agreement (if any) (including any termination payment due and payable 
by the Guarantor under the relevant Swap Agreement, other than any Excluded Swap 
Termination Amount) in accordance with the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement; 
and (b) in or towards payment, on each Guarantor Payment Date (where appropriate, 
after taking into account any amounts in respect of principal to be received from the 
Swap Provider(s) (if any)) of principal amounts that are due and payable on such 
Guarantor Payment Date (or that will become due and payable during the immediately

--- Page 344 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
344 
 
 
 
succeeding Guarantor Payment Date) under the Guarantee in respect of each Series of 
Covered Bonds, pro rata and pari passu in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds; 
6. 
sixth, until each Series of Covered Bonds has been fully repaid or repayment in full of 
the Covered Bonds has been provided for (such that the Required Redemption Amount 
has been accumulated in respect of each outstanding Series of Covered Bonds), to credit 
any remaining amounts to the Transaction Account; 
7. 
seventh, to pay pro rata and pari passu, any Excluded Swap Termination Amount (if 
any) due and payable by the Guarantor; 
8. 
eighth, to pay to Banco BPM any amount due and payable under the Transaction 
Documents, to the extent not already paid or payable under other items of this 
Guarantee Priority of Payments; 
9. 
ninth, to pay pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof any 
Premium on the Term Loans. 
Post-enforcement Priority of Payments 
Following a Guarantor Event of Default, the making of a demand under the Guarantee and the 
delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice by the Representative of the Bondholders, the Guarantor 
Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date, in making the following 
payments in the following order of priority: 
1. 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, any 
Expenses (to the extent that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses Account 
have been insufficient to pay such amounts); 
2. 
second, to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Bondholders; 
3. 
third, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, (i) any amount due and payable to the Servicer, 
the Back-up Servicer (if any), the Sub-Servicer(s) (if any), the Account Bank, the 
Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Guarantor Administrative 
Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Investment Manager, the Back-up Account Bank (if 
any), the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent(s) (if any), the Portfolio Manager 
(if any), the Registered Paying Agent (if any) and the Registrar (if any); (ii) amounts 
due to the Swap Provider(s) (if any); and (iii) amounts due under the Guarantee in 
respect of each Series of Covered Bonds; 
4. 
fourth, to pay pro rata and pari passu, any Excluded Swap Termination Amount due 
and payable by the Guarantor; 
5. 
fifth, to pay to Banco BPM any amount due and payable under the Transaction 
Documents, to the extent not already paid or payable under other items of this Post-
enforcement Priority of Payments; 
6. 
sixth, to pay or repay any amounts outstanding under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement.

--- Page 345 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
345 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL 
The Cover Pool is and will be comprised of Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets (which for the avoidance of doubt do not comprise asset backed securities) transferred 
pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement (as more fully described under 
“Description of the Transaction Documents - Master Receivables Purchase Agreement”) and 
in accordance with the CRR, the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Italy 
Regulations. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, each Initial Portfolio and each Subsequent Portfolios (the 
Portfolio) consists of Mortgage Loans transferred by the Sellers to the Guarantor in accordance 
with the terms of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreements, as more fully described under 
“Description of the Transaction Documents - Master Receivables Purchase Agreement”. 
Save for the real estate assets revaluation procedure ruled by the regulations of the Bank of 
Italy, no revaluation of the relevant properties has been made by Banco BPM and, originally, 
BPM for the purpose of any issue under the Programme. Any valuation has been performed 
only as at the date of the origination of any Mortgage Loan. 
For the purposes hereof: 
BPM Initial Portfolio means the initial portfolio of Receivables purchased by the Guarantor 
from BPM, on 26 August 2015, pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the 
relevant Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Banco BPM Initial Portfolio means the initial portfolio of Receivables purchased by the 
Guarantor from Banco BPM, on 31 August 2015, pursuant to the terms and subject to the 
conditions of the relevant Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Initial Portfolios means collectively the BPM Initial Portfolio and the Banco BPM Initial 
Portfolio and any of them an Initial Portfolio. 
Subsequent Portfolio means any portfolio other than the Initial Portfolio which may be 
purchased by the Guarantor from the Sellers pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions 
of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreements. 
Eligibility Criteria 
The sale of Mortgage Loans and their related Security Interest and the transfer of any other 
Eligible Assets, Substitution Asset and/or Liquid Assets to the Guarantor will be subject to 
various conditions (the Eligibility Criteria) being satisfied on the relevant Transfer Date 
(except as otherwise indicated). The Eligibility Criteria with respect to each asset type will vary 
from time to time but will at all times include criteria so that both Italian law and Rating Agency 
requirements are met. In addition, under the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement it is 
provided that to the extent that notwithstanding the application of the Eligible Criteria as 
described below the Seller (or any Additionale Sellers, if any) intends to sell Subsequent 
Portfolios which have characteristics and/or features that differ materially from the 
characteristics and/or features of the relevant Initial Portfolio, the Sellers shall give prior 
written notice to the Representative of the Bondholders and the Rating Agency as a condition 
to the transfer of such Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor.

--- Page 346 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
346 
 
 
 
Eligibility Criteria of Banco BPM S.p.A. 
The Receivables contained in each Portfolio transferred pursuant to the Master Receivable 
Purchase Agreement executed between the Guarantor and Banco BPM S.p.A. will be selected 
in such a way as to form a plurality of monetary receivables identifiable in a pool (crediti 
individuabili in blocco), within the meaning of and for the purposes referred to in the combined 
provisions of article 7-octies and article 4 of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law. The 
Receivables will be identified on the basis of predetermined criteria as follows (the Banco 
BPM Common Criteria). 
Banco BPM S.p.A. Common Criteria 
Receivables arising from Mortgage Loans which, as at the Valuation Date, meet the following 
criteria: 
1. 
are residential mortgage receivables meeting the requirements of article 129 of the CRR 
and of article 7-novies, paragraph 2, letters a), b) and c), of the Securitisation and 
Covered Bonds Law;   
2. 
which are not Non Performing Receivables in compliance with the CRR and EU 
Regulation No. 680/2014, as amended from time to time, as implemented in Italy under 
the “Circolare della Banca d’Italia del 30 luglio 2008, n. 272 (Matrice dei Conti)”, as 
amended from time to time; 
3. 
that have not been granted to public entities (enti pubblici), clerical entities (enti 
ecclesiastici) or public consortium (consorzi pubblici); 
4. 
that are not consumer loans (crediti al consumo);  
5. 
that are not “mutui agrari” pursuant to articles 43, 44 and 45 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act;  
6. 
that are secured by a mortgage created over real estate assets in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations and are located in the Republic of Italy;  
7. 
the payment of which is secured by a first ranking mortgage (ipoteca di primo grado 
economico), such term meaning (i) a first ranking mortgage or (ii) (A) a second or 
subsequent ranking priority mortgage in respect of which the lender secured by the first 
ranking priority mortgage is Banco BPM and with respect to which the obligations 
secured by the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or subsequent mortgage have 
been fully satisfied, or (B) a second or subsequent ranking priority mortgage in respect 
of which the obligations secured by the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such second or 
subsequent mortgage have been fully satisfied and the relevant lender has formally 
consented to the cancellation of the mortgage(s) ranking prior to such subsequent 
mortgage; 
8. 
in respect of which the hardening period (periodo di consolidamento) applicable to the 
relevant mortgage has expired and the relevant mortgage is not capable of being 
challenged pursuant to article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code and, if applicable, of 
article 39, fourth paragraph of the Consolidated Banking Act;

--- Page 347 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
347 
 
 
 
9. 
that are fully disbursed and in relation to which there is no obligation or possibility to 
make additional disbursements;  
10. 
for which at least an instalment inclusive of principal has been paid (i.e. Mortgage 
Loans that are not in the pre-amortising phase);  
11. 
do not have any Instalment due and unpaid; 
12. 
that are governed by Italian law;  
13. 
that have not been granted to individuals that as of the origination date were employees 
of Banco BPM Group (including also loans granted to two or more individuals, one of 
which was an employee or a manager of Banco BPM Group as of the Valuation Date); 
14. 
that are denominated in Euro (or disbursed in a different currency and then re-
denominated in Euro); 
15. 
in respect of which none of the relevant borrowers or obligors has been served by Banco 
BPM with a writ of enforcement (precetto) or an injunction order (decreto ingiuntivo) 
or entered into an out-of-court settlement following a non payment; 
16. 
which are mortgage loans whose relevant borrower falls in the category SAE 600 
(famiglie consumatrici); 
Banco BPM S.p.A. Additional Criteria 
The Receivables included in each Portfolio to be transferred under this Agreement may, in 
addition, be identified on the basis of further criteria (the Banco BPM S.p.A. Additional 
Criteria). 
With respect to each Subsequent Portfolio, Banco BPM will indicate at the time of each transfer 
in the relevant Transfer Notice to the Guarantor and the Representative of the Bondholders the 
Banco BPM S.p.A. Additional Criteria which will be from time to time selected by Banco BPM 
from the following Banco BPM S.p.A. Additional Criteria.  
Receivables arising from Mortgage Loans which, as at the Valuation Date, meet the following 
additional criteria: 
1. 
the advance date falls between [date] and [date];  
2. 
the last instalment falls due after [date]; 
3. 
the ratio between the disbursed amount and the value of the mortgaged real estate 
property as at the relevant disbursement date is equal to or lower than 80 per cent; 
4. 
the relevant debtor is not an employee of Banco BPM that as at the valuation date is 
retired; 
5. 
the relevant instalments are paid through account bank debit or Sepa Direct Debt (SSD); 
6. 
the relevant Mortgage Loan is not subject to any payment holiday or suspension of 
payments;

--- Page 348 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
348 
 
 
 
7. 
the relevant debtor has not requested a reduction of the principal amount outstanding 
of the Mortgage Loan. 
*** 
In accordance with the provisions of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Sellers 
and the Guarantor shall, to the extent necessary, identify further criteria in order to supplement 
the Common Criteria and the Additional Criteria (the Further Criteria). 
Under the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Seller has represented, inter alia, that, as 
of the date of execution of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Mortgage Loans 
comprised in the Initial Portfolio (i) were valid, in existence and in compliance with the 
Criteria, and (ii) related to Mortgage Loan Agreements which have been entered into, executed 
and performed by the Seller in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations 
(including the Usury Law).

--- Page 349 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
349 
 
 
 
THE ASSET MONITOR 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to be the asset 
monitor to carry out controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of the 
Guarantee. 
Pursuant to the Bank of Italy Regulations, the asset monitor must be an independent auditor, 
enrolled with the special register of accounting firms held by the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance and shall be independent from the Issuer and any other party to the Programme and 
from the accounting firm who carries out the audit of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual report, to be addressed 
also to the Statutory Auditors of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to an engagement letter entered into on 31 August 2015, the Issuer has appointed 
BDO Italia S.p.A., a joint stock company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, 
having its registered office at Viale Abruzzi, 94 - 20131 Milano, Italy, share capital of Euro 
1,000,000. of which paid Euro 1,000,000, fiscal code and enrolment with the companies 
register of Milan No. 07722780967 and enrolled under No. 167911 with the Register of 
Statutory Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) maintained by the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance (the Asset Monitor) in order to perform, with reference to the period prior to the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and subject to receipt of the relevant information from 
the Issuer, specific agreed upon procedures concerning, inter alia, (i) the fulfilment of the 
eligibility criteria set out under the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of 
Italy Regulations with respect to the Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and Liquid Assets 
included in the Cover Pool; (ii) the arithmetical accuracy of the calculations performed by the 
Issuer as Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests, the Minimum 
Overcollateralisation Requirement, the Liquidity Buffer Requirement and the Integration 
Limits; (iii) the compliance with the internal limits to the transfer of the Eligible Assets, 
Substitution Assets and Liquid Assets set out in Title I-bis of the Securitisation and Covered 
Bonds Law and article 129 of the CRR; (iv) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk 
protection provided by any Swap Agreement, if and when entered into in the context of the 
Programme; and (v) the segregation of the Eligible Assets included in the Portfolio according 
to article 7-octies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law; (vi) the correct application 
and notification of the extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds issued as required by 
the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law; and (vii) the completeness, truthfulness and timely 
delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant to the Securitisation and Covered 
Bonds Law and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
The engagement letter is in line with the provisions of the Bank of Italy Regulations in relation 
to the reports to be prepared and submitted by the Asset Monitor also to the Statutory Auditors 
Board of the Issuer. 
The engagement letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses 
by the Issuer to the Asset Monitor and the resignation of the Asset Monitor. 
The engagement letter is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 350 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
350 
 
 
 
ASSET MONITOR AGREEMENT 
On or about the First Issue Date the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor and the 
Representative of the Bondholders entered into the Asset Monitor Agreement) pursuant to 
which, and subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Calculation Agent, 
the Asset Monitor shall verify the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests, the Liquidity 
Buffer Requirement and the Integration Limits. 
In addition, on or prior to each Asset Monitor Report Date, the Asset Monitor shall deliver to 
the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Issuer a 
report in the form set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
The Asset Monitor Agreement provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and 
expenses to the Asset Monitor, the limited recourse nature of the payment obligation of the 
Guarantor vis-à-vis the Asset Monitor, the resignation of the Asset Monitor and the 
replacement by the Guarantor of the Asset Monitor. 
The Asset Monitor Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it are governed by Italian law.

--- Page 351 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
351 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RELEVANT LEGISLATION IN ITALY 
Introduction 
The legal and regulatory framework with respect to the issue of covered bonds in Italy 
comprises the following: 
 
Article 7-bis and article 7-ter of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, as 
subsequently repealed and replaced by Title 1-bis of the Securitisation and Covered 
Bonds Law; and 
 
Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” dated 30 March 
2023 (the Bank of Italy Regulations, as defined below). 
Law Decree No. 35 of 14 March 2005, converted by Law No. 80 of 14 May 2005, amended 
the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law by adding two new articles, Articles 7-bis and 7-
ter, which enable banks to issue covered bonds. Articles 7-bis and 7-ter, however, required 
both the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance and the Bank of Italy to issue specific 
regulations before the relevant structures could be implemented. 
The Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law was further amended by law decree No. 145 of 23 
December 2013, called “Decreto Destinazione Italia” (the Destinazione Italia Decree) 
converted into law No. 9 of 21 February 2014, by law decree No. 91, called “Decreto 
Competitività” (the Law Decree Competitività), converted into law No. 116 of 11 August 
2014, by law decree No. 18 of 15 February 2016 converted into law No. 49 of 8 April 2016, 
by law decree No. 50 of 24 April 2017 converted into law No. 96 of 21 June 2017, by Law No. 
145 of 30 December 2018 and by law decree No. 34 of 30 April 2019. Following the issue of 
the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006, No. 310, the Bank 
of Italy Regulations were originally published on 17 May 2007, as subsequently amended on 
24 March 2010, completing the relevant legal and regulatory framework and allowing for the 
implementation on the Italian market of this funding instrument, which had previously only 
been available under special legislation to specific companies (such as Cassa Depositi e Prestiti 
S.p.A.). 
The Bank of Italy published supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circular of 
the Bank of Italy No. 285) came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing CRD IV and 
setting out additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised on EU level. 
Following the publication on 24 June 2014 of the 5th update to Circular of the Bank of Italy 
No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (the Circular No. 285), which added a new Chapter 3 
(“Obbligazioni bancarie garantite”) in Part III contained therein, the provisions set forth under 
Title V, Chapter 3 of Circular No. 263 of 27 December 2006 have been abrogated. 
The Circular No. 285 introduced provisions, among other things, regulating: 
 
the capital adequacy requirements that issuing banks must satisfy in order to issue 
covered bonds and the ability of issuing banks to manage risks; 
 
limitations on the total value of eligible assets that banks, individually or as part of a 
group, may transfer as cover pools in the context of covered bond transactions; 
 
criteria to be adopted in the integration of the assets constituting the cover pools;

--- Page 352 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
352 
 
 
 
 
the identification of the cases in which the integration is permitted and its limits; and 
 
monitoring and surveillance requirements applicable with respect to covered bond 
transactions and the provision of information relating to the transaction. 
On 30 November 2021 was adopted the Legislative Decree no. 190 of 5 November 2021 (the 
Decree 190) implementing the CB Directive, which amended the Securitisation and Covered 
Bonds Law, was published in the Official Gazette No. 285 of 30 November 2021 and entered 
into force on 1st December 2021.  
The Decree 190 repealed Articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of the Securitisation and Covered 
Bonds Law (as applicable until the entry into force of the Bank of Italy Regulations) and 
introduced the new Title I-bis of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, which sets out the 
legislative framework applicable to covered bonds issued as of the adoption by the Bank of 
Italy of new the supervisory instructions set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza per le Banche” dated 30 March 2023, as amended from time to time (the Bank of 
Italy Regulations). 
In accordance with Decree 190 (i) until the entry into force of the Bank of Italy Regulations 
(i.e., 31 March 2023), covered bonds have been issued pursuant to article 7-bis of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bond Law as applicable until the entry into force of the Bank of 
Italy Regulations, the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006, 
No. 310, the previous version of the Bank of Italy “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” 
dated 17 December 2013 (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013) and the previous version 
of article 129 of the CRR; and (ii) as of the entry into force of the Bank of Italy Regulations 
(i.e., 31 March 2023), covered bonds will be issued pursuant to the provisions of Title I-bis of 
the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, the Bank of Italy Regulations and the Article 129 
of the CRR. 
Basic structure of a covered bond issue 
The structure provided under Article 7-octies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law 
with respect to the issue of covered bonds may be summarised as follows: 
 
a bank transfers a pool of eligible assets (i.e. the cover pool) to an Article 7-septies 
special purpose vehicle (the Guarantor); 
 
the bank (or a different bank) grants the Guarantor a subordinated loan in order to fund 
the payment by the Guarantor of the purchase price due for the cover pool; 
 
the bank (or a different bank) issues the covered bonds which are supported by a first 
demand, unconditional and irrevocable guarantee issued by the Guarantor for the 
exclusive benefit of the holders of the covered bonds and the hedging counterparties 
involved in the transaction. The Guarantee is backed by the entire cover pool held by 
the Guarantor. 
Article 7-octies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law however also allows for 
structures which contemplate different entities acting respectively as cover pool provider, 
subordinated loan provider and covered bonds issuer.

--- Page 353 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
353 
 
 
 
The Guarantor 
The Italian legislator chose to implement the new legislation on covered bonds by 
supplementing the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, thus basing the new structure on a 
well established platform and applying to covered bonds many provisions with which the 
market is already familiar in relation to Italian securitisations. Accordingly, as is the case with 
the special purpose entities which act as issuers in Italian securitisation transactions, the 
Guarantor is required to be established with an exclusive corporate object that, in the case of 
covered bonds, must be the purchase of assets eligible for cover pools and the person giving 
guarantees in the context of covered bond transactions. 
The guarantee 
According to Article 7-quaterdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law the 
guarantee issued by the Guarantor for the benefit of the bondholders must be irrevocable, first-
demand, unconditional and independent from the obligations of the issuer of the covered bonds. 
Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a default by the issuer in respect of its payment obligations 
under the covered bonds, the Guarantor must provide for the payment of the amounts due under 
the covered bonds, in accordance with their original terms and with limited recourse to the 
amounts available to the Guarantor from the cover pool. The acceleration of the issuer’s 
payment obligations under the covered bonds will not therefore result in a corresponding 
acceleration of the Guarantor’s payment obligations under the guarantee (thereby preserving 
the maturity profile of the covered bonds). 
Upon an insolvency of the issuer, solely the Guarantor will be responsible for the payment 
obligations of the issuer owed to the Bondholders, in accordance with their original terms and 
with limited recourse to the amounts available to the Guarantor from the cover pool. 
If a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act is passed in respect of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, in accordance with Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, shall be 
responsible for the payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds within 
the entire period in which the suspension continues at their relevant due date, provided that it 
shall be entitled to claim any such amounts from the Issuer. For further details see section “- 
Guarantee”. 
Finally, if a moratorium is imposed on the issuer’s payments, the Guarantor will fulfil the 
issuer’s payment obligations, with respect to amounts which are due and payable and with 
limited recourse to the cover pool. The Guarantor will then have recourse against the issuer for 
any such payments. 
Segregation and subordination 
Article 7-octies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law provides that the assets 
comprised in the cover pool and the amounts paid by the debtors with respect to the receivables 
and/or debt securities included in the cover pool are exclusively designated and segregated by 
law for the benefit of the holders of the covered bonds and the hedging counterparties involved 
in the transaction. 
In addition, Article 7-octies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law expressly provides 
that the claim for reimbursement of the loan granted to the Guarantor to fund the purchase of

--- Page 354 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
354 
 
 
 
assets in the cover pool is subordinated to the rights of the Bondholders and of the hedging 
counterparties involved in the transaction. 
Exemption from claw-back 
Assignments executed under the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law are subject to 
revocation on insolvency under article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code but only in the event 
that the declaration of insolvency of the Seller is made within three months of the covered 
bonds transaction (or of the purchase of the Cover Pool) or, in cases where paragraph 1 of 
article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code applies (e.g. if the payments made or the obligations 
assumed by the insolvent party exceed by more than one-fourth the consideration received or 
promised), within six months of the covered bonds transaction (or of the purchase of the Cover 
Pool). 
Article 7-octies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law provides that the guarantee and 
the subordinated loan granted to fund the payment by the Guarantor of the purchase price due 
for the cover pool are exempt from the insolvency claw-back provisions set out in Article 166 
of the Italian Insolvency Code. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the Guarantor may not 
be subject to any declaration of ineffectiveness according to Article 164 of the Italian 
Insolvency Code. 
The Issuing Bank 
The Bank of Italy Regulations provide that covered bonds may only be issued in accordance 
with the Risk Appetit Framework adopted by the issuing bank, which sets out its attitude to 
liquidity risk, risk thresholds and limits, the risk management policies and the relevant 
processes required to define and implement them. 
The Cover Pool 
For a description of the assets which are considered eligible for inclusion in a cover pool under 
Article 7-nonies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, see “Description of the Cover 
Pool - Eligibility Criteria”. 
Tests, liquidity buffer requirement and integration limits 
Article 7-undecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law provides that the cover pool 
provider and the issuer must, on a continuing basis, ensure that, throughout the transaction: 
 
the aggregate nominal value of the cover pool is at least equal to the nominal amount 
of the relevant outstanding covered bonds, provided that pursuant to the CRR and the 
Bank of Italy Regulations a minimum level of overcollateralisation equal to 5% shall 
at all times be met; 
 
the net present value of the cover pool (net of all the transaction costs borne by the 
Guarantor, including in relation to hedging arrangements) is at least equal to the net 
present value of the relevant outstanding covered bonds; 
 
the interest and other revenues deriving from the cover pool (net of all the transaction 
costs borne by the Guarantor) are sufficient to cover interest and costs due by the issuer

--- Page 355 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
355 
 
 
 
with respect to the relevant outstanding covered bonds, taking into account any hedging 
agreements entered into in connection with the transaction. 
In addition, pursuant to article 7-duodecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law and 
with the Bank of Italy Regulations, the issuer shall ensure that, on a continuing basis, the cover 
pool comprises the liquid assets (as identified under article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letter a) 
and letter b), of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law) in an amount equal to or higher 
than the maximum cumulative net liquidity outflow (deflusso netto di liquidità) of the covered 
bond rogramme over the next 180 days.  
For the purposes of article 129 of the CRR, the aggregate amount of the liquid assets (as 
referred to above) and the assets under article 129, paragraph 1, letter c), of the CRR included 
in the cover poll shall not be in excess of the integration limits set out in article 129, paragraph 
1a., of the CRR. 
In respect of the above, under the Bank of Italy Regulations, strict monitoring procedures are 
imposed on banks for the monitoring of the transaction and of the adequacy of the guarantee 
on the cover pool. Such activities must be carried out both by the relevant bank and by an asset 
monitor, to be appointed by the bank, which is an independent accounting firm. The asset 
monitor must prepare and deliver to the issuing bank’s s board of auditors, on an annual basis, 
a report detailing its monitoring activity and the relevant findings. In addition, pursuant to 
Article 7-sexdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, the asset monitor shall 
provide to Bank of Italy with a report detailing its monitoring activity and the relevant findings 
at least on an annual basis. 
Article 7-sexdecies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law and the Bank of Italy 
Regulations require banks to carry out the monitoring activities described above at least every 
6 months with respect to each covered bond transaction. Furthermore, the internal auditors of 
banks must comprehensively review every 12 months the monitoring activity carried out with 
respect to each covered bond transaction, basing such review, among other things, on the 
evaluations supplied by the asset monitor. 
In addition to the above, the Bank of Italy Regulations provide that the management body of 
the issuing bank must ensure that the internal structures delegated to the risk management 
verify at least every six months and for each transaction completeness, accuracy and timeliness 
of information available to investors pursuant to article 129, paragraph 7, of the CRR. 
In order to ensure that the monitoring activities above may be appropriately implemented, the 
Bank of Italy Regulations require that the entities participating in covered bond transactions be 
bound by appropriate contractual undertakings to communicate to the issuing bank, the cover 
pool provider and the entity acting as servicer in relation to the cover pool assets all the 
necessary information with respect to the cover pool assets and their performance. 
Substitution of assets 
Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c) of the CRR provides that, following the initial transfer to 
the cover pool, the eligible assets comprised in the cover pool may only be substituted or 
supplemented in order to ensure that the requirements described under “Error! Reference s
ource not found.”, or the higher over-collateralisation provided for under the relevant covered 
bond transaction documents, are satisfied at all times during the transaction.

--- Page 356 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
356 
 
 
 
The eligible assets comprised in the cover pool may only be substituted or supplemented by 
means of exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or credit quality 
step 2, or exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 where those 
exposures are in the form of:  
 
short‐term deposits with an original maturity not exceeding 100 days, where used to 
meet the cover pool liquidity buffer requirement of Article 16 of Directive (EU) 
2019/2162; or 
 
derivative contracts that meet the requirements of Article 11(1) of Directive (EU) 
2019/2162, where permitted by the competent authorities.  
The Bank of Italy has clarified that the eligible assets included in the cover pool may be 
substituted with other eligible assets originated by the Seller, provided that such substitution is 
expressly provided for and regulated under the relevant programme documentation and 
appropriate disclosure is given to the investors in the prospectus. 
Article 129, paragraph 1a., of the CRR, however, provide that the substitution assets described 
in the last two paragraphs above (together with the liquidity deriving from the management of 
the cash-flows of the cover pool): 
 
for exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, the exposure 
shall not exceed 15% of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the 
issuing credit institution;  
 
for exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2, the exposure 
shall not exceed 10% of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the 
issuing credit institution; 
 
for exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 that take the form 
of short‐term deposits, as referred to in article 129, paragraph 1(c)(i) of the CRR, or the 
form of derivative contracts, as referred to in article 129, paragraph 1(c)(ii) of the CRR, 
the total exposure shall not exceed 8% of the nominal amount of outstanding covered 
bonds of the issuing credit institution; the competent authorities designated pursuant to 
Article 18(2) of Directive (EU) 2019/2162 may, after consulting European Banking 
Authority, allow exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 in 
the form of derivative contracts, provided that significant potential concentration 
problems in the Member States concerned due to the application of credit quality step 
1 and 2 requirements referred to in this paragraph can be documented; and 
 
the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3 shall 
not exceed 15% of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the issuing 
credit institution and the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit 
quality step 2 or 3 shall not exceed 10% of the nominal amount of outstanding covered 
bonds of the issuing credit institution. 
Set-off 
The assignment of receivables under the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law is governed 
by article 58, paragraph 2, 3 and 4, of the Consolidated Banking Act. According to such 
provision, such assignment becomes enforceable against the relevant debtors as of the later of

--- Page 357 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
357 
 
 
 
(i) the date of the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic 
of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), and (ii) the date of registration of the 
notice of assignment in the local Companies’ Registry. Consequently, the rights of the 
Guarantor may be subject to the direct rights of the Borrowers against the Seller including 
rights of set-off on claims arising prior to notification in the Official Gazette and registration 
at the Local Companies’ Registry. The notification in the Official Gazette and the registration 
at the local Companies’ Registry are not capable for such assignment to become enforceable 
against Debtors which are not resident in Italy. 
Usury Law 
The interest payments and other remuneration paid by the Borrowers under the Mortgage Loans 
are subject to Italian law No. 108 of 7 March 1996 (as amended from time to time, the Usury 
Law), which introduced legislation preventing lenders from applying interest rates equal to, or 
higher than, rates (the Usury Rates) set every three months on the basis of a decree issued by 
the Italian Treasury (the last such decree having been issued on 27 June 2018). In addition, 
even where the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, interest and other benefits and/or 
remuneration may be held to be usurious if: (a) they are disproportionate to the amount lent 
(taking into account the specific situations of the transaction and the average rate usually 
applied for similar transactions); and (b) the person who paid or agreed to pay them was in 
financial and economic difficulties. The provision of usurious interest, benefits or remuneration 
has the same consequences as non-compliance with the Usury Rates. In certain judgements 
issued during 2000, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) ruled that the Usury Law 
applied both to loans advanced prior to and after the entry into force of the Usury Law. 
The Italian Government, with law decree No. 394 of 29 December 2000 (the Usury Law 
Decree and, together with the Usury Law, the Usury Regulations), converted into law by law 
No. 24 of 28 February 2001, has established, inter alia, that interest is to be deemed usurious 
only if the interest rate agreed by the parties exceeds the Usury Rate applicable at the time the 
relevant agreement is reached. The Usury Law Decree also provides that, as an extraordinary 
measure due to the exceptional fall in interest rates in the years 1998 and 1999, interest rates 
due on instalments payable after 2 January 2001 on loans already entered into on the date on 
which the Usury Law Decree came into force (such date being 31 December 2000) are to be 
substituted with a lower interest rate fixed in accordance with parameters determined by the 
Usury Law Decree. 
The Italian Constitutional Court has rejected, with decision No. 29/2002 (deposited on 25 
February 2002), a constitutional exception raised by the Court of Benevento (2 January 2001) 
concerning article 1, paragraph 1, of the Usury Law Decree (now reflected in article 1, 
paragraph 1 of the above mentioned conversion law No. 24 of 28 February 2001). In so doing, 
it has confirmed the constitutional validity of the provisions of the Usury Law Decree which 
hold that interest rates may be deemed to be void due to usury only if they infringe Usury 
Regulations at the time they are agreed between the borrower and the lender and not at the time 
such rates are actually paid by the borrower. 
According to recent court precedents, the remuneration of any given financing must be below 
the applicable Usury Rates from time to time applicable. Based on this recent evolution of case 
law on the matter, it might constitute a breach of the Usury Regulations if the remuneration of 
a financing is lower than the applicable Usury Rates at the time the terms of the financing were 
agreed but becomes higher than the applicable Usury Rates at any point in time thereafter (see, 
for instance, Cassazione 11 January 2013 No. 603). However, it is worth mentioning that, by

--- Page 358 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
358 
 
 
 
more recent decisions, the Italian Supreme Court has clearly stated that, in order to establish if 
the interest rate exceeds the Usury Rate, it has to be considered the interest rate agreed between 
the parties at the time of the signing of the financing agreement, regardless of the time of the 
payment of such interest (see, for instance, Cassazione 27 September 2013, No. 22204; 
Cassazione 25 September 2013, No. 21885; Cassazione 19 October 2017, No. 24675). 
Recently, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione), under decision No. 350/2013, as 
recently confirmed by decision number 23192/17, has clarified, for the first time, that the 
default interest is relevant for the purposes of determining if an interest rate is usurious. That 
interpretation is in contradiction with the current methodology for determining the Usury Rates, 
considering that the relevant surveys aimed at calculating the applicable average rate never 
took into account the default interest rates. In addition, the Italian Supreme Court, under 
decision No. 602/2013, has held that, with regard to loans granted before the entry into force 
of Usury Law, an automatic reduction of the applicable interest rate to the Usury Rates 
applicable from time to time shall apply. 
In addition, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 
19597 dated 18 September 2020) stated that, in order to assess whether a loan complies with 
the Usury Law, also default interest rates shall be included in the calculation of the 
remuneration to be compared with the Usury Rates. In this respect, should that remuneration 
be higher than the Usury Rates, only the ‘type’ of rate which determined the breach shall be 
deemed as null and void. As a consequence, the entire amount referable to the rate which 
determined the breach of said threshold shall be deemed as unenforceable according to the last 
interpretation of the Supreme Court. 
Compounding of interest (Anatocismo) 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of a monetary claim or receivable 
may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months only (a) under an agreement 
subsequent to such accrual or (b) from the date when any legal proceedings are commenced in 
respect of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian civil code allows 
derogation from this provision in the event that there are recognised customary practices (usi) 
to the contrary. 
Banks and financial companies in the Republic of Italy have traditionally capitalised accrued 
interest on a quarterly basis on the grounds that such practice could be characterised as a 
customary practice (uso normativo). However, a number of recent judgments from Italian 
courts (including judgments from the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) No. 
2374/99, No. 2593/2003, No. 21095/2004, No. 4094/2005 and No. 10127/2005) have held that 
such practices are not uso normativo.  
In this respect, it should be noted that Article 25, paragraph 3, of legislative decree No. 342 of 
4 August 1999 (Decree No. 342), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted 
pursuant to law No. 142 of 19 February 1992, has considered the capitalisation of accrued 
interest (anatocismo) made by banks prior to the date on which it came into force (19 October 
1999) to be valid. After such date, the capitalisation of accrued interest is no longer possible 
upon the terms established by a resolution of the Interministerial Credit & Saving Committee 
(CICR or Comitato Interministeriale per il Credito e il Risparmio) issued on 22 February 
2000. Decree No. 342 has been challenged and decision No. 425 of 17 October 2000 of the 
Italian Constitutional Court has declared as unconstitutional under the provisions of Decree

--- Page 359 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
359 
 
 
 
No. 342 regarding the validity of the capitalisation of accrued interest made by banks prior to 
the date on which Decree No. 342 came into force. 
Recently, article 31 of Law Decree Competitività (as defined below), has amended article 120, 
paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Banking Act by providing that interest shall not accrue on 
capitalised interests. In addition, on 8 August 2016, the decree no. 343 of 3 August 2016 issued 
by the Minister of Economy and Finance, in his quality of President of the CICR, implementing 
article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Law, has been published. 
Furthermore there have been two rulings of Italian Courts that have held that the calculations 
applicable to the instalments under certain mortgage loan agreements that were based upon the 
amortisation method known as “French amortisation” (i.e. mortgage loans with fixed 
instalments, made up of an amount of principal (that progressively increases) and an amount 
of interest (that decreases as repayments are calculated with a specific formula), triggered a 
violation of the Italian law provisions on the limitations on the compounding of interest (divieto 
di anatocismo). However, it should be pointed out that these were isolated judgements, still 
under appeal, and more recently various court rulings on the same matter have declared that 
the “French amortisation” method does not entail an illegal compounding element. 
Taxation 
Article 7-vicies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, provides that any tax is due as 
if the granting of the subordinated loan and the transfer of the cover pool had not taken place 
and as if the assets constituting the cover pool were registered as on-balance sheet assets of the 
cover pool provider, provided that: 
 
the purchase price paid for the transfer of the cover pool is equal to the most recent 
book value of the assets constituting the cover pool; and 
 
the subordinated loan is granted by the same bank acting as cover pool provider. 
It is likely that the provision described above would imply, as a main consequence, that banks 
issuing covered bonds will be entitled to include the receivables transferred to the cover pool 
as on-balance receivables for the purpose of tax deductions applicable to reserves for the 
depreciation on receivables in accordance with Article 106 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 
22 December 1986. 
 
Mortgage borrower protection 
Certain legislation enacted in Italy has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage 
debtors and/or reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia, and as better regulated under the 
relevant applicable laws and regulations, (i) the right of prepayment of the principal amount of 
the mortgage loan, without incurring a penalty or, as applicable, at a reduced penalty rate, (ii) 
the right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan, (iii) 
the right of first home-owners to suspend instalment payments under mortgage loans up to a 
maximum of two times and for a maximum aggregate period of 18 months, (iv) the right to 
suspend the payment of principal instalments relating to mortgage loans for a 12 months period, 
(v) the automatic suspension of instalment payments of mortgages and loans, up to certain 
periods, to residents, both individuals and businesses, in certain municipalities affected by 
environmental disasters and listed in the relevant laws and regulations.

--- Page 360 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
360 
 
 
 
Mortgage Credit Directive 
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on 
credit agreements for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending 
Directives 2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the Mortgage 
Credit Directive) sets out a common framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations 
and administrative provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering credit for 
consumers secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property. The 
Mortgage Credit Directive provides for, amongst other things: 
 
standard information in advertising, and standard pre-contractual information; 
 
adequate explanations to the borrower on the proposed credit agreement and any 
ancillary service; 
 
calculation of the annual percentage rate of charge in accordance with a prescribed 
formula; 
 
assessment of creditworthiness of the borrower; 
 
a right of the borrower to make early repayment of the credit agreement; and 
 
prudential and supervisory requirements for credit intermediaries and non-bank lenders. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive came into effect on 20 March 2014 and is required to be 
implemented in Member States by 21 March 2016. 
On 1 June 2015, in accordance with Article 18, Article 20(1) and Article 28 of the Mortgage 
Credit Directive, the EBA published its final Guidelines on creditworthiness assessment, as 
well as its final Guidelines on arrears and foreclosure, that support the national implementation 
by Member States of the Mortgage Credit Directive. 
In Italy the Government has approved the Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 2016, 
implementing the Mortgage Credit Directive and published on the Official Gazette of the 
Republic of Italy on 20 May 2016 (the Mortgage Legislative Decree).  
The Mortgage Legislative Decree clarifies that the new legal framework shall apply, inter alia, 
to (i) residential mortgage loans and (ii) loans relating to the purchase or preservation of the 
property rights on a residential immovable. 
Moreover such decree sets forth certain rules of correctness, diligence and transparency and 
information undertakings applicable to the lenders and intermediaries which offer loans to the 
consumers and provides that the parties may agree under the loan agreements that in case of 
breach of the borrower’s payment obligations under the agreement (i.e. non-payment of at least 
eighteen loan instalments due and payable by the debtor) the property of the debtor subject to 
security or the proceeds deriving from the sale thereof can be transferred to the creditor in 
discharge of the entire debt even if the value of the assets or the proceeds deriving from the 
sale of the assets is lower than the remaining amount due by the debtor in relation to the loan. 
In the event that the value of the property of the debtor subject to security, as estimated by the 
expert (perito) or the amount of the proceeds deriving from the sale thereof is higher than the 
residual debt, the debtor will be entitled to receive the excess amount. The value of the property

--- Page 361 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
361 
 
 
 
shall be determined by an independent expert (perito) chosen by the parties, or, if an agreement 
on the appointment of the expert is not reached between them, by the president of the competent 
court (Presidente del Tribunale competente).

--- Page 362 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
362 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes 
could be made on a retroactive basis. The following overview does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to 
subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Covered Bonds and does not purport to deal 
with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as 
dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers 
of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Covered Bonds. 
Republic of Italy 
Bill AC.1038 of 23 March 2023, which is about to be approved by the Italian Parliament, would 
delegate Government to enact, within twenty-four months from approval, one or more 
legislative decrees envisaging the reform of the Italian tax system (the Tax Reform).   
According to the current version of this Bill, the Tax Reform should change significantly the 
taxation of financial incomes and capital gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian 
tax system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and impact of these amendments 
cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage.   
The information provided in this Prospectus may not reflect the future tax landscape accurately. 
Tax treatment of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended and supplemented (Decree No. 
239) sets out the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and other 
income from certain securities (including the difference between the redemption amount and 
the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as Interest) issued, inter alia, by Italian 
resident banks. The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to Covered Bonds issued by the 
Issuer which qualify as bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as 
amended and supplemented (Decree No. 917). 
For these purposes, debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are securities 
that incorporate an unconditional obligation of the issuer to pay at maturity an amount not 
lower than their nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not 
give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the 
business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
The tax regime set forth by Decree No. 239 also applies to Interest from regulatory capital 
financial instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, 
Italian banks, other than shares and assimilated instruments. 
Italian resident Bondholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, where an Italian resident Bondholder, who is the beneficial owner 
of the Covered Bonds, is:

--- Page 363 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
363 
 
 
 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds 
are connected (unless such individual has entrusted the management of the financial 
assets, including the Covered Bonds, to an authorised intermediary and has opted for 
the so called “regime del risparmio gestito” (the Asset Management Regime) – see 
under “Capital gains tax” below for an analysis of such regime), or 
(b) 
a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in 
accomandita semplice or similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out 
commercial activities or professional associations, or 
(c) 
a private or public entity other than companies, trusts not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities, 
with the exclusion of collective investment funds; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from IRES, 
Interest payments relating to the Covered Bonds, accrued during the relevant holding period, 
are subject to a withholding tax, referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per 
cent., either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is obtained by the holder on a sale 
of the Covered Bonds. All the above categories are qualified as “net recipients”. 
Where the resident holders of the Covered Bonds described under (a) and (c) above are engaged 
in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, the imposta 
sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial 
owner’s Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian ordinary income taxation and 
the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Interest 
in respect of Covered Bonds received by Italian resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds 
not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 
1996 may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the 
Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth pursuant to Italian law as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Where an Italian resident Bondholder is a company or similar commercial entity (including 
limited partnership qualified as società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice 
and private and public institutions carrying out commercial activities and holding the Covered 
Bonds in connection with this kind of activities), or a permanent establishment in Italy of a 
foreign company to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, and the Covered 
Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Covered Bonds will not 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva. They must, however, be included in the relevant Bondholder’s 
income tax return and are therefore subject to Italian corporate income taxation (IRES). In 
certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Bondholder, Interest from the Covered 
Bonds would be subject to the regional tax on productive activities (IRAP). Interest on the 
Covered Bonds that are not deposited with an authorised intermediary, received by the above 
persons is subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax levied as provisional tax. 
Where a Bondholder is an Italian resident real estate investment fund pursuant to Law Decree 
no. 351 of 25 September 2001, as amended, Law Decree no. 78 of 31 May 2010 converted into

--- Page 364 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
364 
 
 
 
Law no. 122 of 30 July 2010, as amended, and Legislative Decree no. 44 of 4 March 2014, as 
amended, and real estate SICAFs (together, the Real Estate Funds), interest accrued on the 
Covered Bonds will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the 
hands of the Real Estate Fund. The income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to tax, in the 
hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, when 
earned by the Real Estate Fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the 
units. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a 
SICAV (an investment company with variable share capital) or a SICAF (an Italian investment 
company with fixed share capital) (together, the Fund) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its 
manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority and the relevant Covered Bonds 
are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on the 
Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. They must, however, be included in 
the management results of the Fund accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund will not 
be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain 
circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax). 
Where an Italian resident Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 (Decree No. 252)) and the 
Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Covered 
Bonds and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to 
be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax (the Pension Fund Tax) on the increase in value of 
the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest 
accrued on the Covered Bonds). Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding 
period requirement) and limitations, Interest in respect of the Covered Bonds may be excluded 
from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-
term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements set forth pursuant to Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to 
time. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (SIMs), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), 
stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (each an 
Intermediary), as subsequently amended and integrated. 
An Intermediary (a) must (i) be resident in Italy, or (ii) be a permanent establishment in Italy 
of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary, or (iii) an entity or company not resident in 
Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of notes and directly connected with 
the Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian 
representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239, and (b) intervene, in any way, in the 
collection of interest or in the transfer of the Covered Bonds. For the purpose of the application 
of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Covered Bonds includes any assignment or other act, 
either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant 
Covered Bonds or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Covered Bonds are deposited. 
Where the Covered Bonds and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an authorised Italian 
Intermediary (or with a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the

--- Page 365 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
365 
 
 
 
imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds or, absent that by the Issuer. 
Non Italian resident Bondholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest in respect of Covered Bonds issued by the 
Issuer will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva at the rate of 26 per cent. if made to beneficial 
owners who are non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the Covered Bonds with no 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected 
provided that: 
(i) 
such beneficial owners are resident, for tax purposes, in a State or territory included in 
the list of States or territories allowing an adequate exchange of information with Italy 
and listed in Ministerial Decree dated 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented 
by Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017 and possibly further amended by future decree 
issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree No. 239 (the White List). For the sake of 
clarity, Brexit has not resulted in the exclusion of the United Kingdom from the White 
List. Accordingly, Brexit did not result in a change on the tax treatment of Bondholders 
being resident or established in the UK; and 
(ii) 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant 
implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption 
from imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time. 
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from the imposta sostitutiva for 
payments of Interest in respect of the Covered Bonds made to (i) international bodies or entities 
established in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy; (ii) certain foreign 
institutional investors, whether or not subject to tax, which are established in countries included 
in the White List; and (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State. 
In order to ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Covered Bonds without the application 
of 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, non-Italian resident Bondholders indicated above must be 
the beneficial owners of the payments of Interest and must: 
(a) 
deposit in due time, directly or indirectly, the Covered Bonds with a resident bank or 
SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with 
a non-Italian resident entity or company participating in a centralised securities 
management system which is in contact, via computer, with the Ministry of Economy 
and Finance; and 
(b) 
file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Covered 
Bonds, a self-statement, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which the 
Bondholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from 
imposta sostitutiva. This statement, which is not requested for international bodies or 
entities established in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy nor in 
the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial 
Decree of 12 December 2001. Additional supporting documentation may sometimes be 
requested by the relevant depository, which depends on the status of the Bondholder 
and the policies of the relevant depository.

--- Page 366 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
366 
 
 
 
Failure of a non-resident Bondholder to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in 
Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of 
imposta sostitutiva on Interest payments. 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if applicable, may be reduced (generally to 10 per cent.) 
under certain double tax treaties entered into by Italy, if more favourable, subject to timely 
filing of required documentation provided by Measure of the Director of Italian Revenue 
Agency No. 2013/84404 of 10 July 2013. 
Payments made by an Italian resident guarantor 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by 
an Italian resident guarantor under the Guarantee. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that 
the Italian tax authorities will not assert an alternative treatment of such payments than that set 
forth herein or that the Italian court would not sustain such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Bondholders 
by an Italian resident guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any 
payment of liabilities equal to interest and other proceeds from the Covered Bonds may be 
treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and will thus be subject 
to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident 
guarantor may be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 26 per cent. levied as a final tax or 
provisional tax depending on the residential “status” of the Bondholder, pursuant to 
Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as subsequently amended. In case of 
payments to non-Italian resident Bondholders, a final withholding tax may be applied at 26 per 
cent. Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain 
cases, nil) rate of withholding tax. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree No. 239, where the relevant Issuer issues a new 
Tranche forming part of a single series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating 
the amount of Interest subject to imposta sostitutiva, the issue price of the new Tranche will be 
deemed to be the same as the issue price of the original Tranche. This rule applies where (a) 
the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue date of the previous Tranche and 
(b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche and that of the original Tranche 
does not exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of the Covered Bonds multiplied by the 
number of years of the duration of the Covered Bonds. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that are not deemed to fall within the category of 
bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be 
subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures 
similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, 
an amount not lower than their nominal value. 
In the case of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident issuer, where the Bondholder is:

--- Page 367 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
367 
 
 
 
(a) 
an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds 
are connected; 
(b) 
an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; 
(c) 
a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Covered Bonds are 
connected; 
(d) 
an Italian commercial partnership; or 
(e) 
an Italian commercial private or public institution, 
such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Interest 
in respect of Covered Bonds received by Italian resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds 
not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 
1996 may be exempt from taxation, including the withholding tax on Interest relating to “titoli 
atipici”, if those Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth pursuant to 
Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time.  
In all other cases, including when the Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax 
is a final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Bondholders, the 26 per cent. withholding 
tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty. 
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Bondholders 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree of 21 November 1997, No. 461 (Decree No. 461), a 26 per cent. 
capital gains tax (referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”) is applicable to capital gains realised by: 
(a) 
an Italian resident individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected; 
(b) 
an Italian resident partnership not carrying out commercial activities; 
(c) 
an Italian private or public institution not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities; or 
on any sale or transfer for consideration of the Covered Bonds or redemption thereof. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva on capital gains, taxpayers may opt for one 
of the three regimes described below: 
(a) 
under the tax declaration regime (“regime della dichiarazione”), which is the default 
regime for Italian Bondholders under (a) to (c) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital 
gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains (net of any incurred 
capital loss) realised pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Covered Bonds carried 
out during any given fiscal year. The capital gains realised in any fiscal year, net of any

--- Page 368 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
368 
 
 
 
relevant incurred capital loss, must be detailed in the annual tax return to be filed with 
Italian tax authorities and the imposta sostitutiva must be paid on such capital gains 
together with any balance income tax due for such fiscal year. Capital losses in excess 
of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four 
succeeding tax years.  
(b) 
alternatively to the tax declaration regime, Italian Bondholders under (a) to (c) above 
may elect for the administrative savings regime (“regime del risparmio amministrato”) 
to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or transfer 
or redemption of the Covered Bonds. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed 
subject to (i) the Covered Bonds being deposited with banks, SIMs and any other Italian 
qualified intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) 
and (ii) an express election for the administrative savings regime being made in writing 
in due time by the relevant Bondholder. The depository must account for the imposta 
sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption of 
the Covered Bonds (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation 
of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss. The depository must also pay the 
relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the holder of the Covered 
Bonds, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the holder 
of the Covered Bonds or using funds provided by the holder of the Covered Bonds. 
Where a sale or transfer or redemption of the Covered Bonds results in a capital loss, 
the intermediary is entitled to deduct such loss from gains of the same kind 
subsequently realised on assets held by the holder of the Covered Bonds within the 
same relationship of deposit in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the 
fourth. Under the administrative savings regime, the realised capital gain is not required 
to be included in the annual income tax return of the Bondholder and the Bondholder 
remains anonymous. 
(c) 
Alternatively to the above described regimes, the aforementioned Bondholders may 
elect for the Asset Management Regime, under which any capital gains realised upon 
sale, transfer or redemption by Italian Bondholders under (a) to (c) above who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets (including the Covered Bonds) to an 
authorised intermediary, will be included in the computation of the annual increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 
per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Any 
depreciation of the managed assets accrued at the year end may be carried forward 
against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding 
tax years. Also under the Asset Management Regime the realised capital gain is not 
required to be included in the annual income tax return of the Bondholder and the 
Bondholder remains anonymous. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital 
gains in respect of Covered Bonds realised upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident 
individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or 
social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative 
Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. 
imposta sostitutiva, if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) ) that meets the requirements set forth 
pursuant to Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time.

--- Page 369 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
369 
 
 
 
In the case of Covered Bonds held by Funds capital gains on Covered Bonds contribute to 
determinate the increase in value of the managed assets of the Funds accrued at the end of each 
tax year. The Funds will not be subject to taxation on such increase, but the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of 
unitholders or shareholders. 
Where a Bondholder is a Real Estate Fund, capital gains realised will be subject neither to 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund. The 
income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on 
the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through distribution 
and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Where an Italian resident Bondholder is a pension fund subject to the regime provided for by 
article 17 of Decree No. 252 and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an Italian resident 
intermediary, any capital gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Covered Bonds 
and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject 
to the Pension Fund Tax on the increase in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of 
each tax year (which increase would include capital gains accrued on the Covered Bonds). 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, 
capital gains on the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund 
Tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth pursuant to 
Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident corporations or similar commercial entities or 
permanent establishments in Italy of non Italian resident corporations to which the Covered 
Bonds are connected, will be included in their business income (and, in certain cases, may also 
be included in the taxable net value of production for IRAP purposes), subject to tax in Italy 
according to the relevant ordinary tax rules. 
Non-Italian resident Bondholders 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains may in certain circumstances be payable 
on any capital gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Covered Bonds by non 
Italian resident individuals and corporations without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, if the Covered Bonds are held in Italy. 
However, pursuant to Article 23 of Decree No. 917, any capital gains realised by non Italian 
residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are 
effectively connected through the sale for consideration or redemption of the Covered Bonds 
are exempt from taxation in Italy to the extent that the Covered Bonds are listed on a regulated 
market in Italy or abroad, and in certain cases subject to timely filing of required documentation 
(in the form of a self-declaration) with Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which the Covered Bonds are deposited, 
even if the Covered Bonds are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth by any 
applicable double tax treaty. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Bondholders without a permanent establishment 
in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected through the sale, transfer or 
redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident issuer not traded on regulated

--- Page 370 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
370 
 
 
 
markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the beneficial owner of the 
Covered Bonds is: 
(a) 
resident in a State or territory included in the White List as defined above; and 
(b) 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant 
implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption 
from imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time. 
The same exemption applies where the non-Italian resident beneficial owners of the Covered 
Bonds are (i) international entities or organisations established in accordance with international 
agreements ratified by Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional investors, whether or not subject 
to tax, established in countries included in the White List; or (iii) Central Banks or entities 
which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident 
Bondholders from the sale, transfer or redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian 
resident issuer and not traded on regulated markets are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the 
current rate of 26 per cent. However, non-Italian resident Bondholders may benefit from any 
applicable tax treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale, transfer or 
redemption of the Covered Bonds are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient. 
Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected elect for the asset management regime 
or are subject to the administrative savings regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax 
will apply provided that they timely file with the Italian authorised financial intermediary a 
self-declaration attesting that all the requirements for the application of the relevant double 
taxation treaty are met. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3rd October, 2006, converted with amendments by Law 
No. 286 of 24th November, 2006 effective from 29th November, 2006, and Law No. 296 of 
27th December, 2006, the transfers of any valuable assets (including the Covered Bonds) as a 
result of death or donation (or other transfers for no consideration) and the creation of liens on 
such assets for a specific purpose are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
4 per cent. to transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or ancestors; in this 
case, the transfer is subject to tax on the value exceeding €1,000,000 (per beneficiary); 
(b) 
6 per cent. to transfers in favour of brothers and sisters; in this case, the transfer is 
subject to the tax on the value exceeding €100,000 (per beneficiary); 
(c) 
6 per cent. to transfers in favour of relatives up to the fourth degree, to persons related 
by direct affinity as well as to persons related by collateral affinity up to the third 
degree; and 
(d) 
8 per cent. in all other cases. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax applies on the value 
exceeding €1,500,000.

--- Page 371 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
371 
 
 
 
The transfer of financial instruments as a result of death is exempt from inheritance tax when 
such financial instruments are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) pursuant to Italian law. 
With respect to Covered Bonds listed on a regulated market, the value for inheritance and gift 
tax purposes is the average stock exchange price of the last quarter preceding the date of the 
succession or of the gift (including any accrued interest). With respect to unlisted Covered 
Bonds, the value for inheritance tax and gift tax purposes is generally determined by reference 
to the value of listed debt securities having similar features or based on certain elements as 
presented in the Italian tax law. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided for by Law No. 383 of 18 October 2001 for any 
gift of assets (such as the Covered Bonds) which, if sold for consideration, would give rise to 
capital gains to the imposta sostitutiva provided for by Decree No. 461. In particular, if the 
donee sells the Covered Bonds for consideration within 5 years from the receipt thereof as a 
gift, the donee is required to pay the relevant imposta sostitutiva on capital gains as if the gift 
was not made. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a € 200 registration tax as follows: 
(i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) private deeds are 
subject to registration only in the case of use (“caso d’uso”) or upon occurrence of an explicit 
reference (“enunciazione”) or voluntary registration (“registrazione volontaria”). 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 par. 2/ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 
26 October 1972, as amended by Article 1 par. 581 of Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013, a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications 
sent by financial intermediaries to their clients in respect of any financial product and 
instrument, which may be deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty 
applies at the rate of 0.20 per cent. and it cannot exceed € 14,000 per year for taxpayers other 
than individuals, pursuant to Article 134 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020. This stamp 
duty is determined on the market value or – in the absence of a market value – on the nominal 
value or the redemption amount of any financial product or financial instruments (including 
the Covered Bonds). Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident Bondholders and to non-Italian 
resident Bondholders, to the extent that the Covered Bonds are held with an Italian-based 
financial intermediary. 
The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is 
not mandatory, nor the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of 
reporting periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable pro-rata. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of 
Economy on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined 
in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in 
any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory.

--- Page 372 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
372 
 
 
 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Decree No. 201/2011, as amended by Article 1 par. 582 of Law No. 
147 of 27 December 2013, resident individuals, non-business entities and non-business 
partnerships that are resident in Italy holding financial assets – including the Covered Bonds – 
outside of the Italian territory are required to pay in their own annual tax declaration a wealth 
tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent. The tax applies on the market value at the end of the relevant 
year or – in the lack of the market value – on the nominal value or redemption value, or in the 
case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of any financial 
assets held outside of the Italian territory. Pursuant to Article 134 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 
May 2020, the wealth tax cannot exceed €14,000.00 per year for Bondholders other than 
individuals. The Italian tax authority clarified (Circular No. 28/E of 2 July 2012) that financial 
assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by 
Italian financial intermediaries. 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, 
as amended by Law No. 97 of 6 August 2013 and subsequently amended by Law No. 50 of 28 
March 2014 and Law No. 186 of 15 December 2014, individuals, non-profit entities and certain 
partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree 
No. 917) resident in Italy who hold investments abroad or have financial activities abroad or 
are the actual owners, under the Italian money-laundering law, provided by Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 231 of 21 November 2007, of investments abroad or foreign financial assets must, 
in certain circumstances, disclose the aforesaid to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax 
return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within 
the same time as prescribed for the income tax return). 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) 
Covered Bonds deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) 
contracts entered into through Italian financial intermediaries intervention, upon condition that 
the items of income derived from the Covered Bonds have been subject to tax by the same 
intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed by deposits and/or bank 
accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed a €15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding (FATCA) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known 
as FATCA, a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold 
on certain payments it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain 
certification, reporting or related requirements. The issuer is a foreign financial institution for 
these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the Republic of Italy) have entered into, 
or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to 
implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution 
in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and 
IGAs to instruments such as Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as 
Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as

--- Page 373 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
373 
 
 
 
Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the 
date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. 
Federal Register and Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on 
or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign 
passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered 
for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by 
reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if additional Covered Bonds (as described 
under “Terms and Conditions—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are 
subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, 
including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as 
subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in Covered Bonds. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Covered 
Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 374 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
374 
 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following is an overview of certain Luxembourg tax considerations relating to the Covered 
Bonds. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the 
Covered Bonds, whether in Luxembourg or elsewhere. Prospective purchasers of the Covered 
Bonds should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant 
to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Covered Bonds and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Covered Bonds and the consequences of such actions 
under the tax laws of Luxembourg. This overview is based upon the law as in effect on the date 
of this Prospectus. The information contained within this section is limited to withholding tax 
issues, and prospective investors should not apply any information set out below to other areas, 
including (but not limited to) the legality of transactions involving the Covered Bonds. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to 
a withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts 
only. 
A Bondholder may not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason 
only of the holding of the Covered Bonds, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of the Covered Bonds. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) and principal by the Issuer in 
the context of the holding, disposal, redemption or repurchase of the Covered Bonds, which 
are not profit sharing, can be made free and clear of any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by 
Luxembourg or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, in accordance 
with the applicable Luxembourg law, subject however to the application as regards 
Luxembourg resident individuals of the Luxembourg law of 23 December 2005, as amended 
(the 2005 Law), which provides for a 20% withholding tax on savings income (i.e. with certain 
exemptions, savings income within the meaning of the 2005 Law) paid by a paying agent within 
the meaning of the 2005 Law established in Luxembourg. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the 20% withholding tax will be assumed by the 
Luxembourg paying agent and not by the Issuer. 
Pursuant to the 2005 Law, Luxembourg resident individuals can opt to self declare and pay a 
20% levy on savings income paid or ascribed by paying agents located in a Member State of 
the European Union other than Luxembourg or a Member State of the European Economic 
Area. 
The 20% withholding tax as described above or the 20% levy are final when Luxembourg 
resident individuals are acting in the context of the management of their private wealth.

--- Page 375 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
375 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. 
The arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by 
the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in a Programme Agreement dated 31 August 
2015 (as amended and restated on 7 June 2023 the Programme Agreement) and made between 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Dealers. Any 
Subscription Agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Covered Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds will be purchased by the 
Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the 
Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Programme Agreement makes provision for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of 
additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a 
particular Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds For the purposes of this section, references in 
this section to “Dealer” and “Dealers” also refers to any Dealer or Dealers appointed 
subsequently. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
The Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in 
certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury 
regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered 
and will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or 
(ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified 
to the Issuer by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds on a syndicated 
basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Covered 
Bonds are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
Each Dealer further agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Covered Bonds during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Covered Bonds comprising any Series 
or Tranche, offer or sale of Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or 
not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act

--- Page 376 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
376 
 
 
 
if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any 
Covered Bonds specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of 
this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered 
Bonds does not include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, in 
relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such 
Covered Bonds in that Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other 
than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) 
of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” 
in relation to any Covered Bonds in any Member State means the communication in any form 
and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to

--- Page 377 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
377 
 
 
 
be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds 
and (ii) the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms (or the Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any 
Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) (the EUWA); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Covered 
Bonds does not include the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered 
Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in the United Kingdom except that it 
may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent 
of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement

--- Page 378 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
378 
 
 
 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” 
in relation to any Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds and (ii) the 
expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
no deposit-taking: in relation to any Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than 
one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its 
business, and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue 
of the Covered Bonds would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will 
only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage 
in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it 
in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
general compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from 
or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered with the Consob pursuant to Italian 
securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the 
sale of the Covered Bonds in Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax 
and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
above, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out below, no Covered Bonds 
may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in circumstances 
falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and Article 34-ter of Consob Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended 
from time to time. Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of 
copies of this Prospectus or any other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic 
of Italy must:

--- Page 379 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
379 
 
 
 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct 
such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) 
and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Consolidated 
Banking Act); 
(b) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed 
by Consob, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, 
pursuant to Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Act pursuant to which the Bank of 
Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of 
Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 
2015, as amended; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which 
may be imposed by CONSOB any other Italian authority. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Covered Bonds to the public in the Republic of France, and it has not 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the 
public in France, this Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Covered Bonds and such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be 
made in France only to (a) providers of investment services relating to portfolio management 
for the account of third parties (personnes fournissant le service d’investissement de gestion de 
portefeuille pour compte de tiers), and/or (b) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), all as 
defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2 and D.411-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the FIEA). Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and 
will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Covered Bonds in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including 
any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or possesses, distributes or publishes this Prospectus or 
any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons 
into whose hands this Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or 
from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or possess, distribute or publish

--- Page 380 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
380 
 
 
 
this Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the 
restrictions relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such 
restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official interpretation, after the date 
hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to the 
obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer and the 
Dealers. Any such supplement or modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in 
the case of a supplement or modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of Covered 
Bonds) or in a supplement to this Prospectus.

--- Page 381 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
381 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Name and Legal Form of the Issuer 
The Issuer is incorporated as a joint stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy, 
is registered with number 09722490969 in the companies’ register of Milan and operates in 
accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (as amended) (the Italian 
Banking Act). 
Corporate Purpose 
The purpose of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 4 of the By-laws, is to collect savings and provide 
loans in various forms, both directly and through subsidiaries. In compliance with applicable 
regulations and after obtaining the necessary authorisations, the Issuer may carry out, directly 
or through its subsidiaries, all banking, financial and insurance transactions and services, 
including the establishment and management of open or closed end pension schemes, and other 
activities that may be performed by lending institutions, including the issuance of bonds, the 
exercise of financing activities regulated by special laws and the sale and purchase of company 
receivables. 
The Issuer may carry out any other transaction that is instrumental or in any way related to the 
achievement of its corporate purpose. To pursue its objectives, the Issuer may adhere to 
associations and consortia of the banking system, both in Italy and abroad. 
In its capacity as parent company of the Group, pursuant to the laws from time to time in force, 
including Article 61, paragraph 4, of the Italian Banking Act, in exercising the activity of 
direction and coordination the Issuer issues guidelines to the Group’s members, also for the 
purpose of executing instructions issued by the regulatory authorities and in the interest of the 
stability of the Group. 
Share Capital of the Issuer 
Pursuant to Article 6 of the By laws, the subscribed and paid up share capital of the Issuer is 
Euro 7,100,000,000 and is represented by 1,515,182,126 ordinary shares without nominal 
value. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Banco BPM is 815600E4E6DCD2D25E30. 
Website and Telephone 
The website of the Issuer is https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/en/ and its telephone numbers are +39 
02 77 001 and +39 045 8675 111. The information on https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/en/ does not 
form part of this Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus. Other than the information incorporated by reference, the content of the 
Issuer’s website has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) in its

--- Page 382 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
382 
 
 
 
capacity as competent authority in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme (other than for the Covered Bonds issued in registered form and the N Covered 
Bonds) to be listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will be unlisted or 
be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other competent authority, stock 
exchange or quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
The CSSF may, at the request of the Issuer, send to the competent authority of another Member 
State of the European Economic Area: (i) a copy of this Prospectus; (ii) a certificate of approval 
attesting that this Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation; 
and (iii) if so required by the competent authority of such Member State, a translation into the 
official language(s) of such Member State of a summary of this Prospectus. 
BNP Paribas Luxembourg Branch is acting as listing agent in connection with the Programme 
and the Covered Bonds. BNP Paribas Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group 
providing clients services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust 
parts of its operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, 
whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. 
Minimum Denomination 
Where Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under 
the Prospectus Regulation, such Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or, where the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other currency). 
The minimum denomination for the Covered Bond issued in registered form and the N Covered 
Bonds, which will not be listed, will be specified in the relevant terms and conditions. 
Authorisations 
The Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds has been duly authorised by a resolutions of 
the Management Board (Consiglio di Gestione) of the Issuer (formerly Banca Popolare di 
Milano S.c. a.r.l.) dated 10 March 2015 and 21 July 2015 and the giving of the Guarantee has 
been duly authorised by a resolution of the Quotaholders of the Guarantor dated 7 August 2015. 
The annual updates of the Programme have been authorised by the resolution of the board of 
directors of the Issuer dated 18 December 2018.  
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Covered Bonds issued in registered form and the N Covered 
Bonds) issued in dematerialised form have been accepted for clearance through Monte Titoli, 
Euroclear and Clearstream. The appropriate common code and the International Securities 
Identification Number in relation to the Covered Bonds of each Tranche will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Conditions and/or Final Terms shall specify (i) any other

--- Page 383 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
383 
 
 
 
clearing system for the Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form as shall have accepted 
the relevant Covered Bonds (other than the Covered Bonds issued in registered form and the 
N Covered Bonds) for clearance together with any further appropriate information or (ii) with 
respect to Covered Bonds issued in any of the other form which may be indicated in the relevant 
Conditions and/or Final Terms, the indication of the agent or registrar through which payments 
to the Bondholders will be performed. 
The Covered Bonds issued in registered form and the N Covered Bonds will not be settled 
through a clearing system. The relevant terms and conditions for the Covered Bonds issued in 
registered form and the N Covered Bonds will specify the agent or registrar through which 
payments to the Covered Bonds issued in registered form and the N Covered Bonds will be 
performed. 
Litigation 
Save as described under “Business Description of the Issuer and the Group – Legal 
Proceedings of the Group – Ongoing Legal and Amdministrative Proceeding” neither the 
Issuer nor any other member of the Group nor the Guarantor is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer or the Guarantor is aware) in the 12 months preceding 
the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group or the Guarantor. 
Significant or Material Change 
The COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine have significantly increased the 
uncertainties in the economy and the financial markets, as discussed in “Risks related to the 
impact of global macro-economic factors and the consequences arising from the continuation 
of the Russia-Ukraine conflict” on page 35 of this Prospectus. Except for the potential direct 
and indirect impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and of the Russia-Ukraine conflict indicated 
in the previous paragraph, there has been no significant change in the financial performance or 
position of the Issuer since 31 March 2023 and there has been no material adverse change in 
the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
(i) 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2022; 
(ii) 
there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 31 
December 2022; and 
(iii) 
there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer and the Group 
since 31 March 2023;

--- Page 384 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
384 
 
 
 
Since 31 December 2022, (i) there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Guarantor, (ii) there has been no significant change in the financial position of the Guarantor 
and (iii) there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Guarantor. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Issuer has undertaken to maintain a listing agent in Luxembourg so long as Covered Bonds 
(other than the Covered Bonds issued in registered form and the N Covered Bonds) are listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Independent Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is registered in the Register of the Statutory Auditors (Albo 
special delle società di revisione), in compliance with the provisions of Legislative Decree No. 
39/2010, as implemented by MEF (Decree n. 144 of 20 June 2012). The registered office of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. is at Piazza Tre Torri, 2, 20145 Milan, Italy. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. was appointed by the shareholders’ meetings of Banca 
Popolare di Milano S.c. a r.l. and Banco Popolare – Società Cooperativa held on 15 October 
2016 in the context of the Merger as independent auditor of the Issuer for its consolidated and 
non-consolidated annual financial statements as well as for its interim consolidated financial 
statements. The engagement of PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. will expire upon approval of 
the Issuer’s financial statements as at and for the year ending 31 December 2025. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. audited the consolidated and non-consolidated annual 
financial statements of Banco BPM S.p.A. as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. has also audited the 2021 financial statements and the 2022 
financial statements of the Guarantor. 
Documents Available 
So long as Covered Bonds are capable of being issued under the Programme and without 
prejudice to paragraph “Publication on the Internet”, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available (in English translation, where necessary) free of charge during 
usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for 
inspection at the registered office of the Issuer: 
(a) 
the memorandum of association (atto costitutivo) and the by-laws (with an English 
translation thereof) of the Issuer and the Guarantor (which are also available on, in 
respect of the Issuer https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/Statuto-BBPM-
ENG_15.04.2021.pdf, 
and, 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Guarantor, 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/BPM-Covered-Bond-2-S.r.l.-Articles-
of-Association.pdf 
and 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/BPM-
Covered-Bond-2-S.r.l.-Company-Statute.pdf); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of Banco BPM as at and for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 (which are also available on 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/Consolidated-2021-Annual-Report-
post-assemblea.pdf, 
and 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/Annual-
Report_BPM_2022.pdf);

--- Page 385 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
385 
 
 
 
(c) 
the audited non consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021 
(which 
are 
available 
on 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/BPM-Covered-Bond-2_Financial-
Statements-as-at-31-December-2021-with-Audit-Op.pdf); 
(d) 
the audited non consolidated annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2022 
(which 
are 
available 
at 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/BPM-Covered-Bond-2_Financial-
Statements-as-at-31-December-2022-with-Audit-Op.pdf); 
(e) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and the most recently published unaudited interim financial statements (if 
any) of the Issuer; 
(f) 
a copy of this Prospectus; 
(g) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements 
to this Prospectus including Final Terms and any other documents incorporated herein 
or therein by reference; 
(h) 
the 7 February 2023 Press Release; 
(i) 
the 8 May 2023 Press Release; 
(j) 
the Framework Agreement; 
(k) 
the Second Party Opinion; and 
(l) 
the 
Guarantee 
(which 
is 
also 
available 
on 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/media/dlm_uploads/Bpm-Covered-Bond-2-Guarantee.pdf. 
In addition, copies of this Prospectus, any supplements to this Prospectus, each Final Terms 
relating to the Covered Bonds which are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website (https://www.luxse.com). In addition, copies of the 
by-laws of the Issuer (with an English translation thereof) will be available on the Issuer’s 
website (https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/en/).  
Publication on the Internet 
This Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms will be available on the internet 
site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at https://www.luxse.com. 
In any case, copy of this Prospectus together with any supplement thereto and documents 
incorporated by reference, if any, or further Prospectus, will be published by the Issuer and will

--- Page 386 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
386 
 
 
 
remain 
publicly 
available 
in 
electronic 
form 
for 
at 
least 
10 
years 
on 
https://gruppo.bancobpm.it/investor-relations/strumenti-di-debito/emissioni-internazionali/. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer nor any of its respective subsidiaries has entered into any contracts in the last two 
years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may be reasonably expected to 
be material to their ability to meet their obligations to Bondholders. 
The Guarantor has entered into any contracts since 26 March 2015 outside the ordinary course 
of business that have been or may be reasonably expected to be material to their ability to meet 
their obligations to Bondholders. 
Financial Statements 
The Guarantor produces non-consolidated financial statements on an annual basis, at the end 
of each calendar year. 
The Issuer produces consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements at the end of each 
calendar year and, thereafter, on a quarterly basis, interim consolidated financial statements. 
Dealers 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates 
may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers 
or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such 
short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 387 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
387 
 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
Account means each of the Banco BPM Accounts and the BNPP Accounts and any other 
account which may be opened in the name of the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the 
Transaction Documents. 
Account Bank means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch or any other entity acting as account bank 
pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Account Bank Report Date means the date falling two Business Days prior to each 
Calculation Date. 
Account Bank Report means the report produced by the Account Bank pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Account Mandates means the resolutions, instructions and signatures authorities relating to 
each of the Accounts. 
Accrued Interest means, as of any date and in relation to any Receivable to be assigned as at 
that date, the portion of the Interest Instalment accrued, but not yet due, as at such date. 
Accrual Yield has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
ACT or Asset Coverage Test means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement in order to ensure that, on the relevant Calculation 
Date, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds. 
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Additional Criteria means, with respect to the Initial Portfolio, the criteria listed in schedule 
2 to the relevant Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and with respect to any Subsequent 
Portfolios of Receivables, the criteria listed in schedule 3 to the relevant Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Additional Seller means any additional seller which may from time to time enter into the 
Programme. 
Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount means the amount calculated pursuant to the formula set 
out in clause 3.2 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Adjustment Purchase Price means the adjusted purchase price payable under clause 5.3 if the 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Administrative Services Agreement means the agreement entered into on 14 October 2021 
between the Guarantor and the Guarantor Administrative Servicer pursuant to which the 
Guarantor Administrative Servicer will provide certain administration services to the 
Guarantor, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time.

--- Page 388 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
388 
 
 
 
Arranger means Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and any other entity appointed as an arranger for 
the Programme. 
Affected Party has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Swap Agreements. 
Affected Receivables has the meaning specified in Clause 8.1 of the Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement. 
Amortisation Test means the test intended to ensure that on each Calculation Date, following 
the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the outstanding principal balance of the Cover Pool 
which for such purpose is considered as an amount equal to the Amortisation Test Aggregate 
Loan Amount is higher than or equal to the Euro Equivalent of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with their Terms and Conditions at the relevant Calculation 
Date. 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount means the amount calculated pursuant to the 
formula set out in the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Amortising Covered Bonds means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Arranger means Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and any other entity appointed as an arranger for 
the Programme. 
Article 74 Event means the issuance of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act in respect of the Issuer. 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice means the notice to be served by the Representative of the 
Bondholders on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor, stating that the Article 74 
Event has been revoked. 
Asset Monitor means BDO Italia S.p.A. or any other entity appointed from time to time to act 
as such in accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Asset Monitor Agreement means the asset monitor agreement entered into on 31 August 2015 
between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer, as amended, supplemented or restated 
from time to time. 
Asset Monitor Report means the report to be delivered, on each Calculation Date, by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Asset Monitor Report Date has the meaning set out in Clause 1.2 (Other definitions) of the 
Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Availability Period means the period from the date of execution of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement to the Programme Maturity Date (or the Extended Programme Maturity Date, as 
the case may be). 
Back-up Account Bank means Banco BPM or any other entity appointed to act as such 
pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement.

--- Page 389 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
389 
 
 
 
Back-up Servicer means any back-up servicer which may be appointed pursuant to the terms 
of the Servicing Agreement. 
Banco BPM S.p.A. or Banco BPM means a bank incorporated in Italy as a società per azioni, 
having its registered office at Piazza F. Meda, 4, Milan, Italy, and registered with the 
Companies’ Register of Milan under number 09722490969, and with the register of banking 
groups held by the Bank of Italy “Codice meccanografico” 5034 under number 8065 and 
authorised to carry out business in Italy pursuant to the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Banco BPM Accounts means each of the Collection Account, the Expenses Account, the 
Quota Capital Account, the Banco BPM Transaction Account, the Banco BPM Reserve 
Account and the Banco BPM Securities Account. 
Banco BPM Reserve Account means the euro denominated account established in the name 
of the Guarantor with the Collection Account Bank number 2577 (IBAN: IT94-P-05034-
11701-000000002577), or such other substitute or additional accounts, as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Banco BPM Securities Account means the euro denominated account which may be 
established in the name of the Guarantor with the Collection Account Bank, or such other 
substitute or additional accounts, as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payment Agreement. 
Banco BPM Transaction Account means the euro denominated account established in the 
name of the Guarantor with the Collection Account Bank number 2576 (IBAN: IT20-O-05034-
11701-000000002576), or such other substitute or additional accounts, as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Banco BPM Group means, together, the banks and other companies belonging from time to 
time to Banco BPM banking group, enrolled with the register of banking groups held by the 
Bank of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Bank of Italy Regulations means Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le 
banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as subsequently replaced by Part III, 
Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 
2013) dated 30 March 2023, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
Bank of Italy Regulations for Financial Intermediaries means the “Istruzioni di Vigilanza 
per gli Intermediari Finanziari” (Circular No. 288 of 3 April 2015), as subsequently amended 
and supplemented. 
BNPP Accounts means, collectively, the BNPP Reserve Account, the BNPP Securities 
Account and the BNPP Transaction Account. 
BNPP Reserve Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor 
with 
the 
Account 
Bank 
number 
802040901 
(IBAN: 
IT10A0347901600000802040901), or such other substitute account as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
BNPP Securities Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Account Bank with number 2040900, or such other substitute account as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement.

--- Page 390 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
390 
 
 
 
BNPP Transaction Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of 
the 
Guarantor 
with 
the 
Account 
Bank 
number 
802040900 
(IBAN: 
IT40Z0347901600000802040900), or such other substitute account as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Beneficiaries means the Bondholders and the Other Guarantor Creditors and any other person 
or entity entitled to receive a payment from the Issuer and/or the Guarantor under the 
Programme, in accordance with article 7-octies of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law. 
Bondholders means the holders from time to time of any Covered Bonds of each Series of 
Covered Bonds. 
Breach of Tests Notice means the notice delivered by the Representative of the Bondholders 
in accordance with Clause 4.7 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Broken Amount(s) means the amount set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have 
the following meanings: 
(i) 
Following Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day 
Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
Preceding Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding 
such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding 
such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a 
Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and

--- Page 391 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
391 
 
 
 
(v) 
No Adjustment means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention. 
Business Day means any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are generally 
open for business in Milan, Luxembourg and London and on which the real time gross 
settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (T2) (or any successor thereto) is open. 
Calculation Agent means Banco BPM or any other entity acting as calculation agent pursuant 
to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Calculation Date means the date falling three Business Days prior to each Guarantor Payment 
Date. 
Calculation Period means the period from one Calculation Date (included) to the next 
Calculation Date (excluded). 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement means the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payment Agreement entered into on 31 August 2015 between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Servicer, the Seller, the Account Bank, the Collection Account Bank, the 
Investment Manager, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Guarantor Administrative 
Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Back-up Account Bank and 
the Representative of the Bondholders, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to 
time. 
Civil Code means the Italian civil code, enacted by Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 March 1942, 
as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Clearstream means Clearstream Banking société anonyme, Luxembourg with offices at 42 
Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Collateral Account has the meaning set out in Clause 7.3 of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Collateral Security means any security (including any loan mortgage insurance and excluding 
Mortgage) granted to any Seller by any Debtor in order to guarantee or secure the payment 
and/or repayment of any amounts due under the Mortgages Loan Agreements. 
Collection Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor 
with 
the 
Collection 
Account 
Bank 
number 
83300 
(IBAN: 
IT04O0558401600000000083300), or such other substitute or additional accounts, as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement, and 
the Collection Accounts means all of them. 
Collection Account Bank means Banco BPM S.p.A. or any other entity acting as account bank 
pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Collection Period means each quarterly period, commencing on (and including) the first 
calendar day of each of January, April, July, October and ending on (and including) the last 
calendar day of March, June, September and December, in the case of the first Collection 
Period, commencing on (and excluding) the Valuation Date and ending on (and including) the 
last calendar day of the month preceding the first Guarantor Payment Date.

--- Page 392 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
392 
 
 
 
Collections means all amounts received or recovered by the Servicer and/or any Sub-Servicer 
in respect of the Receivables. 
Common Criteria means the criteria listed in schedule 1 to the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
Conditions means the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and Condition means a 
condition thereof. 
CONSOB means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
Consolidated Banking Act means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Converted Loan means a loan originally granted as a Term Loan advanced for the purpose of 
financing (in whole or in part) the purchase of Eligible Assets to be used as collateral for the 
issuance of a Series of Covered Bonds, whose interest and redemption profile changes in 
accordance with Clause 7.5 of the Subordinated Loan Agreement upon issuance of the relevant 
Corresponding Series of Covered Bonds. 
Corporate Services Agreement means the agreement entered into on 26 August 2015 between 
the Guarantor and the Guarantor Corporate Servicer pursuant to which the Guarantor Corporate 
Servicer will provide certain administration services to the Guarantor, as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Corresponding Series of Covered Bonds means, in respect of a Converted Loan, the Series 
of Covered Bonds issued pursuant to the Programme and notified by the Subordinated Lender 
to the Guarantor in the Term Loan Conversion Notice. 
Covered Bonds means each series of European covered bonds (obbligazioni garantite 
europee) issued or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to the terms and conditions of this 
Prospectus and the conditions of the Programme Agreement and in accordance with Title 1-bis 
of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law which has implemented Directive (EU) 
2019/2162 of 29 November 2019 establishing a common framework for covered bonds and the 
Bank of Italy Regulations, including, without limitation, the Covered Bonds issued in 
registered form and the N Covered Bonds. 
Cover Pool means the cover pool constituted by (a) Receivables; (b) any other Eligible Assets; 
(c) any Substitution Assets; and (d) any Liquid Assets. 
Cover Pool Swap Agreement means the swap agreement that the Guarantor and the Cover 
Pool Swap Provider may enter into from time to time in respect of the Cover Pool. 
Cover Pool Management Agreement means the agreement entered into on 31 August 2015 
between the Issuer, the Seller, the Servicer, the Subordinated Lender, the Guarantor, the 
Calculation Agent and the Representative of the Bondholders, as amended, supplemented or 
restated from time to time. 
Credit and Collection Policy means the procedures for the management, collection and 
recovery of Receivables attached as schedule 1 to the Servicing Agreement.

--- Page 393 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
393 
 
 
 
Criteria means, collectively, the Common Criteria, the Additional Criteria (as listed, 
respectively, in schedules 1, 2 and 3 to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement) and any 
Further Criteria determined pursuant to the terms of the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreements. 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 and as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 29 November 2019 as regards exposures in the 
form of covered bonds. 
Custodian means any entity, selected by the Issuer, with which Covered Bonds issued in 
registered form or the N Covered Bond Certificate shall be sub-deposited. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the Calculation Period), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(ii) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(v) 
if 30/360 is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows

--- Page 394 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
394 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30𝑥(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30”; 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30𝑥(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 395 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
395 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360𝑥(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30𝑥(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period. 
Dealer means each of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo Banco 
BPM and any other entity which may be appointed as such by the Issuer upon execution of a 
letter in the terms or substantially in the terms set out in schedule 6 (Form of Dealer Accession 
Letter) of the Programme Agreement. 
Debtor means any borrower and any other person, other than a Mortgagor, who entered into a 
Mortgage Loan Agreement as principal debtor or guarantor or who is liable for the payment or 
repayment of amounts due in respect of a Mortgage Loan, as a consequence, inter alia, of 
having granted any Collateral Security or having assumed the borrower’s obligation under an 
accollo, or otherwise. 
Decree No. 190 means the Legislative Decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
Decree No. 239 means the Italian Legislative Decree number 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
Deed of Charge means the English law deed of charge to be entered upon execution by the 
Guarantor of any Swap Agreement between the Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Bondholders (acting as trustee for the Bondholders and for the Other Guarantor Creditors) 
and/or each supplemental deed entered into pursuant thereto. 
Defaulting Party has the meaning ascribed to that term in the Swap Agreements.

--- Page 396 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
396 
 
 
 
Drawdown Date means the date on which a Term Loan is advanced under the Subordinated 
Loan Agreements during the Availability Period and that corresponds to: 
(a) 
in respect of the Initial Portfolio, the date on which the relevant purchase price has to 
be paid to Banco BPM S.p.A., as the case may be, by the Guarantor pursuant to the 
terms of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement; and 
(b) 
in respect of any Subsequent Portfolio of Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets (if 
transferred for the purpose of ensuring the compliance of the Cover Pool with the Tests) 
and/or Liquid Assets, the date on which the purchase price for such Eligible Assets, 
Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets has to be paid to Banco BPM by the Guarantor 
pursuant to the terms of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and/or the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement (as applicable). 
Due for Payment means the requirement for the Guarantor to pay any Guaranteed Amounts 
following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, such requirement arising: 
(a) 
prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, on the date on which the 
Guaranteed Amounts are due and payable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
and the Final Terms of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, the date on which the 
Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor. 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has 
or have the earliest Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date) or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
is subject to an Extended Maturity Date) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount together with any interest thereof of such Series or such other amount as may 
be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Effective Date means the date on which, respectively, the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement, the Servicing Agreement, the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement have been entered into. 
Eligible Assets means the Receivables arising from the Residential Mortgage Loans. 
Eligible Cover Pool means the aggregate amount of Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and 
Liquid Assets (including (i) any sum standing to the credit of the Accounts and (ii) the Eligible 
Investments) provided that (i) any Non Performing Receivable and those Eligible Assets, 
Substitution Assets or Liquid Assets for which a breach of the representations and warranties 
granted under Clause 3(c)(i) of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement has occurred and has 
not been remedied will not be considered for the purpose of the calculation, (ii) any Residential 
Mortgage Loan in respect of which the relevant loan to value ratio exceeds the percentage limit 
set forth under article 129, paragraph 1, of the CRR will be calculated up to an amount of 
principal which – taking into account the market value of the Real Estate Assets related to that 
Residential Mortgage Loan allows the compliance with such percentage limit, (iii) the 
aggregate of the Substitution Assets and Liquid Assets in excess of the Integration Limits will

--- Page 397 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
397 
 
 
 
not be considered for the purposes of the calculation, (iv) in accordance with article 7-undecies, 
paragraph 2, letter a) of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, unsecured receivables, in 
case a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR occurs, will not be considered for the purpose 
of the calculation, (v) any Mortgage Receivable which is secured by a Real Estate Asset which 
is not insured against the risk for damages in accordance with article 7-nonies, paragraph 2, 
letter a), of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law will not be considered for the purpose 
of the calculation, and (vi) any Eligible Swap Agreement will be considered only for the 
purposes of the calculation of the Net Present Value Test and the Interest Coverage Test. 
Eligible Institution means any depository institution organised under the laws of any state 
which is a member of the European Union, United Kingdom, Switzerland or of the United 
States, (a) whose short-term bank deposits are rated at least “P-3” by Moody’s (or any other 
rating level from time to time provided for in the Rating Agency’s criteria) and whose long 
term bank deposit rating is at least “Baa3” by Moody’s (or any other rating level from time to 
time provided for in the Rating Agency’s criteria), or (b) whose obligations are guaranteed by 
an entity whose short-term bank deposit rating is at least “P-3” by Moody’s (or any other rating 
level from time to time provided for in the Rating Agency’s criteria), and whose long-term 
bank deposit rating is at least “Baa3” by Moody’s (or any other rating level from time to time 
provided for in the Rating Agency’s criteria). 
Eligible Investment means: 
(i) 
any Euro denominated security rated at least “Baa3” and/or “P-3” by Moody’s, where 
they have a maturity of up to 30 calendar days or, if greater than 30 calendar days, 
which may be liquidated without loss within 30 days of a downgrade below “P-3” by 
Moody’s; and/or 
(ii) 
any Euro denominated security rated at least “Baa2” and/or “P-2” by Moody’s, where 
they have a maturity of greater than 30 and up to 90 calendar days or, if greater than 90 
calendar days, which may be liquidated without loss within 90 days of a downgrade 
below “P-3” by Moody’s; and/or 
(iii) 
any Euro denominated security rated at least “A3” and/or “P–1” by Moody’s, where 
they have a maturity of greater than 90 and up to 180 calendar days or, if greater than 
180 calendar days, which may be liquidated without loss within 180 days of a 
downgrade below “P-3” by Moody’s; and/or 
(iv) 
reserve accounts, deposit accounts, and other similar accounts that provide direct 
liquidity and/or credit enhancement held at a financial institution rated at least “Baa3” 
and/or “P-3” by Moody’s; and/or 
(v) 
securities lending transactions with the counterparty acting as borrower regulated under 
the Global Master Securities Lending Agreements governed by English law, provided 
that (i) the underlying securities comply with the requirements set out in paragraphs (a) 
to (d) above, (ii) the counterparty acting as borrower of the Guarantor acting as lender 
under the securities lending transaction is a credit institution (including, without 
limitation, the Account Bank, to the extent they qualify as Eligible Institutions) 
qualifying as an Eligible Institution, (iii) such securities lending transactions are 
immediately repayable on demand subject to a notice period, disposable without penalty 
or loss or have a maturity date falling no later than the immediately following Eligible 
Investment Maturity Date, (iv) the counterparty acting as borrower of the Guarantor has

--- Page 398 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
398 
 
 
 
acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement and has agreed to be bound by the provisions 
thereof and (v) in case of downgrade of the relevant counterparty below the minimum 
ratings by Moody’s, the Guarantor shall terminate in advance the securities lending 
transaction within 35 calendar days from the downgrade, 
 
provided in all cases that (A) any such investments mature on or before the next 
following Guarantor Payment Date or are disposable at no loss, (B) if any such 
investments consist of exposures to credit institutions, they shall be (i) exposures to 
credit institutions qualifying for “credit quality step” 1 or “credit quality step” 2, or (ii) 
exposures in the form of deposits with an original maturity not exceeding 100 days to 
credit institutions qualifying for “credit quality step” 3 under the CRR; (C) none of the 
Eligible Investments set out above may consist, in whole or in part, actually or 
potentially, of credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the transfer of credit 
risk by means of credit derivatives nor may any amount available to the Guarantor in 
the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in any such instruments at any 
time; (D) no amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme may 
be otherwise invested in asset backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, 
status, or ranking at any time; and (E) any such investments shall comply with the 
requirements under article 129 of the CRR.  
Eligible Investment Date means any Business Day on which the Eligible Investments are 
made. 
Eligible Investment Maturity Date means two Business Days before each Guarantor Payment 
Date. 
Eligible States means any States belonging to the European Economic Space, Switzerland and 
any other State attracting a 0% risk weight factor under the “standard approach” provided for 
by the Basel III. 
Eligible Swap Agreement means any Swap Agreement which meets the requirements of 
article 129, paragraph 1, letter c), point ii), of the CRR and article 7-decies of the Securitisation 
and Covered Bonds Law. 
EU Directive on the Reorganisation and Winding up of Credit Institutions means 
Directive 2001/24/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 April 2001 on the 
reorganisation and winding up of credit institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced 
from time to time. 
EU Insolvency Regulation means EU Insolvency Regulation 2015/848/EU, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
 
EURIBOR shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
Euro Equivalent means, in case of an issuance of Covered Bonds denominated in currency 
other than the Euro, an equivalent amount expressed in Euro calculated at the prevailing 
exchange rate.

--- Page 399 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
399 
 
 
 
Euro, € and EUR refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which 
adopt the single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European 
Community. 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank SA/NV, with offices at 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels. 
Euro-Zone means the region comprised of member states of the European Union which adopt 
the euro in accordance with the Treaty. 
Excess Assets means, collectively, any Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets forming part of the Cover Pool which are in excess of the value of such assets required 
to satisfy the Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Requirement. 
Excess Receivables means any Receivables forming part of the Cover Pool which arise from 
Mortgage Loans that are in excess of the value of the Mortgage Loans required to satisfy the 
Asset Coverage Test. 
Excluded Swap Termination Amount has the meaning given to it in item Fourth of the Pre-
Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments. 
Expected Programme Unwinding Costs means any expected cost related to the maintenance 
and administration for the unwinding of the Programme calculated as a lump sum as set out in 
schedule 3 (Expected Programme Unwinding Costs) to the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement. 
Expenses means any documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid to any 
third party creditors (other than the Bondholders and the Guarantor Secured Creditors) arising 
in connection with the Programme, and required to be paid in order to preserve the existence 
of the Guarantor or to maintain it in good standing, or to comply with applicable laws and 
legislation. 
Expenses Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor 
with 
the 
Collection 
Account 
Bank 
number 
83344 
(IBAN: 
IT21A0558401600000000083344), or such other substitute account as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Expiry Date means the date falling two years and one day after the date on which all Series of 
Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in 
full in accordance with their terms and conditions. 
Extended Maturity Date means the date when final redemption payments in relation to a 
specific Series of Covered Bonds become due and payable pursuant to the extension of the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
Extended Programme Maturity Date means the date falling one year after the Programme 
Maturity Date. 
Extension Determination Date means, with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds, the date 
falling 5 (five) days after the Maturity Date of the relevant Series. 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning set out in the Rules.

--- Page 400 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
400 
 
 
 
Facility means the facility to be granted by the Subordinated Lender pursuant to the terms of 
Clause 2 of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Final Terms means, in relation to any issue of any Series of Covered Bonds, the relevant terms 
contained in the applicable Transaction Documents and, in case of any Series of Covered Bonds 
to be admitted to listing, the final terms submitted to the appropriate listing authority on or 
before the date of issue of the applicable Series of Covered Bonds. 
Financial Laws Consolidation Act means the Italian Legislative Decree number 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
First Interest Payment Date means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
First Issue Date means the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
First Series of Covered Bonds means the first Series of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer 
in the context of the Programme on 14 September 2015. 
Floating Rate Provisions means the relevant provisions of Condition 6 (Floating Rate 
Provisions and Benchmark Replacement). 
FSMA means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
Further Criteria means the criteria identified in accordance with Clause 2.4.3. of the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreements. 
Guarantee means the guarantee issued on 31 August 2015 by the Guarantor for the benefit of 
the Beneficiaries, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Guarantee Priority of Payments means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor 
Available Funds shall be applied, following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, on each 
Guarantor Payment Date. 
Guaranteed Amounts means any amounts due from time to time to the Beneficiaries and, in 
particular: 
(a) 
prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the amounts due and payable on each 
Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments; and 
(b) 
after the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the amounts described in letter (a) 
above, plus any additional amounts relating to premiums, default interest, prepayments, 
early redemption or broken funding indemnities payable in accordance with the Post-
enforcement Priority of Payments. 
Guaranteed Obligations means the payment obligations with respect to the Guaranteed 
Amounts.

--- Page 401 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
401 
 
 
 
Guarantor means BPM Covered Bond 2 S.r.l., a company incorporated in Italy as a limited 
liability company (società a responsabilità limitata) pursuant to the Securitisation and Covered 
Bonds Law, with a share capital equal to Euro 10.000,00, having its registered office in Via 
Curtatone 3, 00185 Rome, enrolled with the Companies’ Register of Rome under number 
13317131004, enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
Guarantor Administrative Servicer means Banco BPM S.p.A. or any other entity acting as 
such pursuant to the Administrative Services Agreement. 
Guarantor Available Funds means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the 
Principal Available Funds. 
Guarantor Corporate Servicer means KPMG Fides Servizi di Amministrazione S.p.A. or 
any other entity acting as such pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement. 
Guarantor Default Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.3 (Guarantor Events 
of Default). 
Guarantor Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.3 (Guarantor Events 
of Default). 
Guarantor Payment Date means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
date falling on the 18th day of each of January, April, July and October or, if such day is not a 
Business Day, the immediately following Business Day, with the first Guarantor Payment Date 
being 18 October 2015; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, any day 
on which any payment is required to be made by the Representative of the Bondholders in 
accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, the relevant Terms and 
Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Individual Purchase Price means (a) the most recent book value (ultimo valore di iscrizione 
in bilancio) of the relevant Eligible Asset, Substitution Asset or Liquid Asset, minus all 
principal Collections received by the relevant Seller (from the Business Day following the date 
on which the most recent book value (ultimo valore di iscrizione in bilancio) is calculated 
(included) to the relevant Valuation Date (excluded)) and increased of any Accrued Interest on 
such Eligible Asset, Substitution Asset or Liquid Asset as at the relevant Transfer Date; or, at 
the option of the relevant Seller (b) such other value, as indicated by the relevant Seller in the 
Transfer Notice, as will allow the Seller to consider each duty or tax due as if the relevant 
Eligible Asset, Substitution Asset or Liquid Asset had not been transferred for the purpose of 
article 7-bis, subparagraph 7 (as subsequently replaced by article 7-viciester) of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law and in relation to which an auditing firm has certified 
that from their verifications there is no reason to believe that the criteria applied to calculate 
the purchase price of the relevant Eligible Asset, Substitution Asset or Liquid Asset are 
different from those applicable to the relevant Seller in the preparation of its financial 
statements. 
Initial Portfolio means the initial portfolio of Receivables, comprising Eligible Assets, 
purchased by the Guarantor from the Seller pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement.

--- Page 402 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
402 
 
 
 
Initial Portfolio Purchase Price means the consideration paid by the Guarantor to the Seller 
for the transfer of the Initial Portfolio, calculated in accordance with clause 4.1 of the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Insolvency Event means in respect of any company, entity or corporation that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable liquidation, 
administration, insolvency, composition or reorganisation judicial liquidation 
(liquidazione giudiziale), compulsory administrative liquidation (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa), recovery plans (piani di risanamento), debt restructuring agreements 
(accordi di ristrutturazione del debito), extraordinary administration (amministrazione 
straordinaria), negotiated crisis settlement and simplified composition (composizione 
negoziata della crisi and concordato semplificato, each such expression bearing the 
meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic of Italy, and including the seeking 
of liquidation, winding-up, reorganisation, dissolution, administration) or similar 
proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such 
company, entity or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any procedure having 
a similar effect (other than in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets 
purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of further programme of issuance of 
Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the Representative of the Bondholders (who 
may in this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), such proceedings 
are being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) above is made 
in respect of or by such company, entity or corporation or such proceedings are 
otherwise initiated against such company or corporation and, in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a legal 
adviser selected by it), the commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed 
in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment of deferment 
of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, 
the creditors under the Transaction Documents) or is granted by a competent court a 
moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness 
given by it or applies for suspension of payments (other than, in respect of the Issuer, 
the occurrence of an Article 74 Event); or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution in any form of such company, entity or corporation or any of the events 
under article 2484 of the Civil Code occurs with respect to such company, entity or 
corporation (except in any such case a winding-up or other proceeding for the purposes 
of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, the terms of which have 
been previously approved in writing by the Representative of the Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or 
analogous to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or 
corporation is deemed to carry on business.

--- Page 403 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
403 
 
 
 
Instalment means with respect to each Mortgage Loan Agreement, each instalment due from 
the relevant Debtor thereunder and which consists of an Interest Instalment and a Principal 
Instalment. 
Insurance Companies means the companies with whom the Insurance Policies are held. 
Insurance Policies means the insurance policies taken out with the Insurance Companies in 
relation to each Real Estate Asset and each Mortgage Loan. 
Integration Limits means the limits set forth under article 129, paragraph 1a., of the CRR, as 
may be amended and/or supplemented from time to time, being as at the date hereof:  
(a) 
for exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, the exposure 
shall not exceed 15% of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the 
issuing credit institution;  
(b) 
for exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2, the exposure 
shall not exceed 10% of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the 
issuing credit institution; 
(c) 
for exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 that take the form 
of short‐term deposits, as referred to in article 129, paragraph 1(c)(i) of the CRR, or the 
form of derivative contracts, as referred to in article 129, paragraph 1(c)(ii) of the CRR, 
the total exposure shall not exceed 8% of the nominal amount of outstanding covered 
bonds of the issuing credit institution; the competent authorities designated pursuant to 
Article 18(2) of Directive (EU) 2019/2162 may, after consulting European Banking 
Authority, allow exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 in 
the form of derivative contracts, provided that significant potential concentration 
problems in the Member States concerned due to the application of credit quality step 
1 and 2 requirements referred to in this paragraph can be documented; 
(d) 
the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3 shall 
not exceed 15% of the nominal amount of outstanding covered bonds of the issuing 
credit institution and the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit 
quality step 2 or 3 shall not exceed 10% of the nominal amount of outstanding covered 
bonds of the issuing credit institution. 
Intercreditor Agreement means the agreement entered into on 31 August 2015 between the 
Guarantor and the Other Guarantor Creditors, as amended, supplemented or restated from time 
to time. 
Interest Available Funds means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of, 
without double counting: 
(a) 
any interest amounts collected by the Servicer and/or any Sub-Servicers in respect of 
the Cover Pool and credited into the relevant Collection Account during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(b) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest received by the Servicer and/or any Sub-Servicers 
and credited to the relevant Collection Account during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period;

--- Page 404 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
404 
 
 
 
(c) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on 
the Accounts during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(d) 
any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account in excess of the Reserve 
Required Amount, and following the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the 
Guarantor, any amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account; 
(e) 
any interest amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account; 
(f) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments; 
(g) 
subject to item (ix) below, any amounts received under the Cover Pool Swap 
Agreement (if any), 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such 
amounts received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior to the 
next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be applied, together with any 
provision for such payments made on any preceding Calculation Date, (i) to make 
payments in respect of interest due and payable, pro rata and pari passu in respect of 
each relevant Interest Swap Agreement or, as the case may be, (ii) to make payments 
in respect of interest due on the Covered Bonds under the Guarantee, pari passu and 
pro rata in respect of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds, or (iii) to make provision 
for the payment of such relevant proportion of such amounts to be paid on any other 
day up to the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date, as the Calculation Agent 
may reasonably determine, or otherwise (iv) to make payments to a Subordinated 
Lender under the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement as described in item Fifth (b) 
of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
and provided further that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any 
such amounts received or to be received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date 
(included) but prior to the next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) which 
are not used to make the payments or provisions set out under the preceding paragraph 
will be credited to the Transaction Account and applied as Interest Available Funds on 
such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(h) 
subject to item (ix) below, any amounts received under the Interest Rate Swap 
Agreements other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts, 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such 
amounts received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior to the 
next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be applied (i) to make 
payments in respect of interest due and payable under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreements or, as the case may be, (ii) together with any provision for such payment 
made on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date, to make payments in respect of 
interest on the Covered Bonds under the Guarantee, pro rata and pari passu in respect 
of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds; 
and provided further that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any 
such amounts received on or to be received after such Guarantor Payment Date 
(included) but prior to the next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) which 
are not used to make the payments or provisions set out under the preceding paragraph

--- Page 405 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
405 
 
 
 
will be credited to the Transaction Account and applied as Interest Available Funds on 
such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(i) 
any swap termination payments received from a Swap Provider under a Swap 
Agreement (if any), 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such 
amounts received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior to the 
next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be applied (i) to make 
payments in respect of interest due and payable under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreements or, as the case may be, (ii) together with any provision for such payment 
made on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date, to make payments in respect of 
interest on the Covered Bonds under the Guarantee, pro rata and pari passu in respect 
of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds; 
and provided further that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any 
such amounts received on or to be received after such Guarantor Payment Date 
(included) but prior to the next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) which 
are not used to make the payments or provisions set out under the preceding paragraph 
will be credited to the Transaction Account and applied as Interest Available Funds on 
such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(j) 
all interest amounts received from any Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the relevant 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement during the immediately preceding Collection 
Period; 
(k) 
any amounts paid as Interest Shortfall Amount out of item (i) of the Pre-Issuer Default 
Principal Priority of Payments; and 
(l) 
any amounts (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the 
Guarantor Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the 
Transaction Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
Interest Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
Interest Coverage Test means the test to be calculated pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement so that the amount of interest and other revenues generated by the 
assets included in the Cover Pool, taking into account any Substitution Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets in excess of the Integration Limit transferred pursuant to the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool Management Agreement for the purposes of 
complying with the Nominal Value Test, (including the payments of any nature expected to be 
received by the Guarantor with respect to any Eligible Swap Agreement), net of the costs borne 
by the Guarantor (including the payments of any nature expected to be received by the 
Guarantor or due to the Swap Providers with respect to any Eligible Swap Agreement), shall 
be at least equal to the amount of interest due on all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Terms and 
Conditions at the relevant Calculation Date. 
Interest Determination Date has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 406 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
406 
 
 
 
Interest Instalment means the interest component of each Instalment. 
Interest Payment Date means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified 
as such in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if 
a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur 
in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case). 
Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date. 
Interest Rate Swap Agreement means each interest rate swap agreement that may be entered 
into between the Guarantor and an Interest Rate Swap Provider in the context of the 
Programme. 
Interest Rate Swap Provider means any entity acting as an interest rate swap provider 
pursuant to an Interest Rate Swap Agreement. 
Interest Shortfall Amount means, on any Guarantor Payment Date, an amount equal to the 
difference, if positive, between (a) the aggregate amounts payable under items First to Sixth of 
the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments; and (b) the Interest Available Funds on 
such Guarantor Payment Date. 
Investment Manager means Banco BPM or any other entity acting as such pursuant to the 
terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Investment Manager Report means the report produced by the Investment Manager pursuant 
to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
ISDA Definitions means (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series) or (ii) if ISDA 2021 Definitions 
are specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the latest version of ISDA 2021 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (as defined therein) (and any 
successor thereto), each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its website 
(http://www.isda.org). 
Issue Date means each date on which a Series of Covered Bonds is issued as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Issuer Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.2 (Issuer Events of 
Default).

--- Page 407 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
407 
 
 
 
Issuer Default Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 11.2 (Issuer Events of Default). 
Issuer means Banco BPM. 
Italian Insolvency Code means the Italian Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 2019 
(Codice della crisi d’impresa e dell’insolvenza), as amended, supplemented or replaced from 
time to time. 
Latest Valuation means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset, the value given to 
the relevant Real Estate Asset by the most recent valuation (to be performed in accordance with 
the requirements provided for under the Bank of Italy Regulations) addressed to the relevant 
Seller or obtained from an independently maintained valuation model, acceptable to reasonable 
and prudent institutional mortgage lenders in Italy. 
Liabilities means in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, claims, 
demands, expenses, judgements, actions, proceedings or other liabilities whatsoever including 
legal fees and any taxes and penalties incurred by that person, together with any VAT or similar 
tax charged or chargeable in respect of any sum referred to in this definition. 
Liquid Assets means the assets identified under article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letter a) and 
letter b), of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law, as may be amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, being as at the date hereof: 
(i) 
high quality liquid assets pursuant to the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2015/61, adopted pursuant of article 460 of the CRR, which are not been issued by the 
bank itself, by its parent company, except that the latter is a public sector body other 
than one bank, by a subsidiary of the issuing bank or by another subsidiary of the parent 
company or by a securitisation with which the bank has close links; and 
(ii) 
exposures with an original term equal to or less than 90 (ninety) days to banks that are 
classified in the merit classes of credit 1 or 2 or short-term deposits with any bank 
classified in credit quality steps 1, 2 or 3, pursuant to the provisions of article 129, 
paragraph 1, letter c), of the CRR, as amended by Regulation (EU) no. 2160/2019, 
provided that such assets satisfy the requirements to qualify as Eligible Investments. 
Liquidity Buffer Requirement means the requirement set forth in article 7-duodecies of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law that the amount of Liquid Assets comprised in the 
Cover Pool shall, on a continuing basis, be equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative 
Net Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 days, provided that, for the purposes 
of calculating the Net Liquidity Outflows, the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered 
Bonds shall be deemed to be due on the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date (where 
applicable) and not on the relevant Final Maturity Date. 
Loan Event of Default means the event specified as such in Clause 9 (Loan Event of Default) 
of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Loan Interest Period means, in relation to a Term Loan, each period determined in accordance 
with Clause 6.2 of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Luxembourg Listing and Paying Agent means BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch or any 
other entity from time to time acting in such capacity.

--- Page 408 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
408 
 
 
 
Mandate Agreement means the mandate agreement entered into on or about 31 August 2015 
between the Representative of the Bondholders and the Guarantor, as amended, supplemented 
or restated from time to time. 
Mandatory Tests means the tests provided for under article 7-undecies, paragraph 1, of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law. 
Master Definitions Agreement means the master definitions agreement entered into on 31 
August 2015 between the Guarantor and the Other Guarantor Creditors, as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement means any master receivables purchase agreement 
entered into between the Guarantor and a Seller, including the master receivables purchase 
agreement entered into between Banco BPM S.p.A. (formerly Banca Popolare di Milano S.c. 
a r.l.) and the Guarantor on 26 August 2015, as amended, supplemented or restated from time 
to time. 
Maturity Date means each date on which final redemption payments for a Series of Covered 
Bonds become due in accordance with the Final Terms but subject to it being extended to the 
Extended Maturity Date. 
Maturity Extension Trigger has the meaning given in Condition 8(a). 
Meeting has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
Minimum Overcollateralisation Requirement means the requirement for a minimum 
overcollateralisation equal to 5%, as set out in article 129, paragraph 3-bis, of the CRR and in 
the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
Minimum Rate of Interest has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Minimum Redemption Amount has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Monte Titoli Account Holders means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) 
in accordance with article 79-quarter of the Financial Laws Consolidation Act and includes 
any depositary banks approved by Clearstream and Euroclear. 
Monte Titoli Mandate Agreement means the agreement entered into between the Issuer and 
Monte Titoli. 
Monte Titoli means Monte Titoli S.p.A., a società per azioni having its registered office at 
Piazza degli Affari, 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
Moody’s means (i) for the purpose of identifying the entity which has assigned a rating to the 
Issuer, Moody’s France SAS, and (ii) in any other case, Moody’s Italia S.r.l., or any of their 
successors. 
Mortgage Loan means a Residential Mortgage Loan the claims in respect of which have been 
and/or will be transferred by any Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the relevant Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement.

--- Page 409 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
409 
 
 
 
Mortgage Loan Agreement means any Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement out of which 
the Receivables arise. 
Mortgages means the mortgage security interests (ipoteche) created on the Real Estate Assets 
pursuant to Italian law in order to secure claims in respect of the Receivables. 
Mortgagor means any person, either a borrower or a third party, who has granted a Mortgage 
in favour of Banco BPM S.p.A. to secure the payment or repayment of any amounts payable 
in respect of a Mortgage Loan, and/or his/her successor in interest. 
N Covered Bonds means the German law governed covered bonds issued in registered form 
(Gedeckte Namensschuldverschreibungen). 
N Covered Bond Agreement means, in respect of any Series of N Covered Bonds, an 
agreement to be entered into between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and the relevant N Covered Bondholder. 
N Covered Bond Assignment Agreement means, in respect of any N Covered Bonds, an 
assignment agreement attached to each N Covered Bond Certificate.” 
N Covered Bond Certificate means the certificate evidencing the N Covered Bonds. 
N Covered Bond Conditions means the terms and conditions of each N Covered Bond. 
Negative Carry Factor is a percentage calculated by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the weighted average margin of the Covered Bonds and will, in any event, be not less than 0.50 
per cent. 
Net Liquidity Outflows means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including 
principal and interest payments, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day for 
claims related to the Cover Pool, calculated in accordance with article 7-duodecies of the 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law and Title I-bis, Section III, paragraph 3, of the Bank of 
Italy Regulations, it being understood that, when the Maturity Date of a Series is extended to 
the relevant Extended Maturity Date, the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Series to be 
taken into account shall be based on the relevant Extended Maturity Date and not on the 
relevant Final Maturity Date. 
Net Present Value Test means the test to be calculated pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement so that the net present value of the Cover Pool, taking into account 
any Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of the Integration Limit transferred 
pursuant to the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement for the purposes of complying with the Nominal Value Test, (including the 
payments of any nature expected to be received by the Guarantor with respect to any Eligible 
Swap Agreement), net of the transaction costs to be borne by the Guarantor (including the 
payments of any nature expected to be borne or due with respect to any Eligible Swap 
Agreement and the Expected Programme Unwinding Costs) shall be higher than or equal to 
the net present value of all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Terms and Conditions at the relevant 
Calculation Date. 
New CB Legislation Effective Date means 30 March 2023.

--- Page 410 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
410 
 
 
 
Non Performing Receivables means any Receivable which qualifies as “non performing” in 
accordance with the CRR and the EU Regulation No. 680/2014, as amended from time to time, 
as implemented in Italy under the “Circolare della Banca d’Italia del 30 Luglio 2008, n. 272 
(Matrice dei Conti)”, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
Obligations means all the obligations of the Guarantor created by or arising under the 
Transaction Documents. 
Offer Date means, with respect to each Subsequent Portfolio, the date falling 5 (five) Business 
Days prior to each Transfer Date, in accordance with Clause 3.1 of the Master Receivables 
Purchase Agreement. 
Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica 
Italiana. 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Organisation of the Bondholders means the association of the Bondholders, organised 
pursuant to the rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders. 
Originator means Banco BPM S.p.A. in its capacity as such pursuant to the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Other Guarantor Creditors means the Seller, any Additional Seller(s) (if any), the Servicer, 
the Sub-Servicers, the Back-up Servicer, the Subordinated Lenders, the Investment Manager, 
the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders, the Asset Monitor, the Cover 
Pool Swap Provider (if any), the Interest Rate Swap Providers (if any), the Account Bank, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Guarantor 
Administrative Servicer, the Portfolio Manager (if any), the Registered Paying Agent (if any) 
and the Registrar (if any). 
Outstanding Principal Balance means any Principal Balance outstanding in respect of a 
Mortgage Loan. 
Paying Agents means the Principal Paying Agent and each other paying agent appointed from 
time to time under the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Payment Business Day means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment are open 
for payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies 
and any day which is:

--- Page 411 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
411 
 
 
 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in 
each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Payments Report means a report setting out all the payments to be made on the following 
Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Priorities of Payments which is required to be 
delivered by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Cash Management, Allocation and Payment 
Agreement. 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality. 
Place of Payment means, in respect of any Bondholders, the place at which such Bondholder 
receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds. 
Portfolio Manager means the entity appointed as such in accordance with clause 5.2 of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Portfolio means collectively the Initial Portfolio and any other Subsequent Portfolios which 
has been purchased and which will be purchased by the Guarantor in accordance with the terms 
of any Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Post-enforcement Priority of Payments means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Guarantor Available Funds shall be applied, following the delivery of a Guarantor Default 
Notice, on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Potential Commingling Amount means (i) nil, if the Issuer’s Counterparty Risk Assessment 
is at least “A3(cr)” by Moody’s or if any of the remedies provided for under Clauses 3.11.1 
and 3.11.2 of the Servicing Agreement has been implemented, or, in any other case, (ii) the 
amount calculated by Banco BPM, on a quarterly basis, in accordance with the from time to 
time applicable methodology of the Rating Agency. 
Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of Payments means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied, prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default 
Notice, on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied, prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default 
Notice, on each Guarantor Payment Date as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Default Priority of Payments means, as applicable, the Pre-Issuer Default Interest 
Priority of Payments or the Pre-Issuer Default Principal Priority of Payments as set out in the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
Premium means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, an amount payable by the Guarantor on 
each Term Loan in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments and equal to the

--- Page 412 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
412 
 
 
 
Guarantor Available Funds as at such date, after all amounts payable in priority thereto have 
been made in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Priority of Payments means each of the orders in which the Guarantor Available Funds shall 
be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and 
the Intercreditor Agreement. 
Principal Amount Outstanding means, on any day: (a) in relation to a Covered Bond, the 
principal amount of that Covered Bond upon issue less the aggregate amount of any principal 
payments in respect of that Covered Bond which have become due and payable (and been paid) 
on or prior to that day; and (b) in relation to the Covered Bonds outstanding at any time, the 
aggregate of the amount in (a) in respect of all Covered Bonds outstanding. 
Principal Available Funds means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate 
of, without double counting: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer and/or the Sub-Servicers in respect of 
the Cover Pool and credited to the relevant Collection Account of the Guarantor during 
the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(b) 
all other recoveries in respect of principal received by the Servicer and/or the 
Sub-Servicers and credited to the relevant Collection Account of the Guarantor during 
the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(c) 
all principal amounts received from any Sellers by the Guarantor pursuant to the 
relevant Master Receivables Purchase Agreement during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; 
(d) 
the proceeds of any disposal of Receivables and other Eligible Assets and any 
disinvestment of Substitution Assets, Liquid Assets or Eligible Investments; 
(e) 
any amounts granted by any Seller under the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement 
and not used to fund the payment of the Purchase Price for any Eligible Assets, 
Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets; 
(f) 
all amounts in respect of principal (if any) received under the Swap Agreements (if any) 
other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts, 
provided that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any such 
amounts received on or after such Guarantor Payment Date (included) but prior to the 
next following Guarantor Payment Date (excluded) will be applied (i) to make 
payments in respect of principal due and payable under any Converted Loan (provided 
that all principal amounts outstanding under a relevant Series of Covered Bonds which 
have fallen due for repayment on such Guarantor Payment Date have been repaid in full 
by the Issuer), or, as the case may be, (ii) together with any provision for such payment 
made on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date, to make payments in respect of 
principal on the Covered Bonds under the Guarantee, pro rata and pari passu in respect 
of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds, 
and provided further that, prior to the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, any 
such amounts received on or to be received after such Guarantor Payment Date but prior 
to the next following Guarantor Payment Date which are not used to make the payments

--- Page 413 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
413 
 
 
 
or provisions set out under the preceding paragraph will be credited to the Transaction 
Account and applied as Principal Available Funds on such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(g) 
any amounts paid out of item Ninth of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of 
Payments; and 
(h) 
any principal amounts standing to the credit of the Transaction Account, other than the 
Potential Commingling Amount (to the extent they are not entitled to be released). 
Principal Balance means for any Mortgage Loan as at any given date, the aggregate of: (a) 
the original principal amount advanced to the relevant Debtor and any further amount advanced 
on or before the given date to the relevant Debtor secured or intended to be secured by the 
related Security Interest; and (b) any interest, disbursement, legal expense, fee, charge, rent, 
service charge, premium or payment which has been properly capitalised in accordance with 
the relevant Mortgage Loan or with the relevant Debtor’s consent and added to the amounts 
secured or intended to be secured by that Mortgage Loan; and (c) any other amount (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Accrued Interest and interest in arrears) which is due or accrued 
(whether or not due) and which has not been paid by the relevant Debtor and has not been 
capitalised, as at the end of the Business Day immediately preceding that given date less any 
repayment or payment of any of the foregoing made on or before the end of the Business Day 
immediately preceding that given date. 
Principal Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation 
to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
Principal Instalment means the principal component of each Instalment. 
Principal Paying Agent means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch, or any other entity acting as 
account bank pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payment Agreement. 
Privacy Law means, collectively, Legislative Decree number 196 of 30 June 2003 and the 
Personal Data Protection Code (together with any relevant implementing regulations as 
integrated from time to time by the Autorità Garante per la Protezione dei Dati Personali) and 
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on 
the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free 
movement of such data. 
Programme means the programme for the issuance of each series of Covered Bonds 
(obbligazioni bancarie garantite) by the Issuer in accordance with article 7-bis (as 
subsequently replaced by article 7-octies) of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law.

--- Page 414 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
414 
 
 
 
Programme Agreement means the programme agreement entered into on 31 August 2015 
between the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Dealers and the Representative of the Bondholders, as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
Programme Limit means €10,000,000,000. 
Programme Maturity Date means the date following 10 (ten) years after the date of 
publication of the Prospectus or, if later, with respect to the redemption of the Term Loans in 
accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the date when final redemption payments 
on the last maturing Series of Covered Bonds become due and payable pursuant to the 
extension of the relevant Maturity Date, or any other date as notified by the Issuer to the 
Bondholders and Other Guarantor Creditors. 
Programme Resolution has the meaning set out in the Rules. 
Prospectus means the prospectus prepared in connection with the issue of the Covered Bonds. 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Purchase Price means, as applicable, the consideration for the purchase price of the Initial 
Portfolio (the Initial Portfolio Purchase Price) or the consideration for the purchase price of 
any Subsequent Portfolios (the Subsequent Portfolio Purchase Price) pursuant to the relevant 
Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Put Option Notice means a notice which must be delivered to the Principal Paying Agent by 
any Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the 
Bondholder. 
Put Option Receipt means a receipt issued by the Principal Paying Agent to a depositing 
Bondholder upon deposit of Covered Bonds with the Principal Paying Agent by any 
Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the 
Bondholder. 
Quarterly Servicer’s Report Date means the date falling on the 18th of each of January, April, 
July and October of each year. 
Quarterly Servicer’s Report means the quarterly report delivered by the Servicer on each 
Quarterly Servicer’s Report Date and containing details on the Collections of the Receivables 
during the relevant Collection Periods prepared in accordance with the Servicing Agreement. 
Quota Capital Account means the euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Account Bank number 83303 (IBAN: IT32R0558401600000000083303), 
or such other substitute account as may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payment Agreement. 
Quotaholders means Banco BPM and Stichting Bapoburg and Quotaholder means each of 
them. 
Quotaholders’ Agreement means the agreement entered into on 31 August 2015 between the 
Guarantor, the Quotaholders and the Representative of the Bondholders, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time.

--- Page 415 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
415 
 
 
 
Rate of Interest means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Rating Agency means Moody’s. 
Real Estate Assets means the real estate properties which have been mortgaged in order to 
secure the Receivables. 
Receivables means specifically each and every right arising under the Mortgage Loans 
pursuant to the Mortgage Loan Agreements, including but not limited to: 
(a) 
all rights in relation to all Outstanding Principal of the Mortgage Loans as at the relevant 
Valuation Date; 
(b) 
any Accrued Interest as at the relevant Valuation Date and of interest (including default 
interest) becoming due and payable following the relevant Valuation Date; 
(c) 
all rights in relation to interest (including default interest) amounts which will accrue 
on the Mortgage Loans as from the relevant Valuation Date; 
(d) 
all rights in relation to the reimbursement of expenses and in relation to any losses, 
costs, indemnities and damages and any other amount due to each Seller in relation to 
the Mortgage Loans, the Mortgage Loan Agreements, including penalties and any other 
amount due to each Seller in the case of prepayments of the Mortgage Loans, and to 
the warranties and insurance related thereto, including the rights in relation to the 
reimbursement of legal, judicial and other possible expenses incurred in connection 
with the collection and recovery of all amounts due in relation to the Mortgage Loans 
up to and as from the relevant Valuation Date; 
(e) 
all rights in relation to any amount paid pursuant to any Insurance Policy or guarantee 
in respect of the Mortgage Loans of which each Seller is the beneficiary; 
(f) 
all of the above together with the Mortgages and any other Security Interests (garanzie 
reali o personali) assignable as a result of the assignment of the Receivables (except 
for the fidejussioni omnibus which have not been granted exclusively in relation to or 
in connection with the Mortgage Loans), including any other guarantee granted in 
favour of the relevant Seller in connection with the Mortgage Loans or the Mortgage 
Loan Agreements and the Receivables. 
Recoveries means any amounts received or recovered by the Servicer and/or any Sub-Servicers 
in relation to any Non Performing Receivables. 
Redemption Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 416 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
416 
 
 
 
Reference Banks has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major 
banks selected by the Principal Paying Agent in the market that is most closely connected with 
the Reference Rate. 
Reference Price has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reference Rate has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Register means the register of the holders of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form 
and/or the N Covered Bonds to be maintained by the Registrar. 
Registered Paying Agent means the Issuer or any other institution which shall be appointed 
by the Issuer to act as paying agent in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form 
and/or the N Covered Bonds under the Programme. 
Registrar means the Issuer or any other institution which shall be appointed by the Issuer to 
act as registrar in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form and/or the N Covered 
Bonds under the Programme. 
Regular Period means: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to 
but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, 
where Regular Date means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest 
Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where Regular Date means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at 
the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
Relevant Clearing System means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other clearing system (other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a 
clearing system through which payments under the Covered Bonds may be made. 
Relevant Date means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Principal 
Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so 
received) notice to that effect has been given to the Bondholders. 
Relevant Dealer(s) means, in relation to a Tranche, the Dealer(s) which is/are party to any 
agreement (whether oral or in writing) entered into with the Issuer and the Guarantor for the

--- Page 417 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
417 
 
 
 
issue by the Issuer and the subscription by such Dealer(s) of such Tranche pursuant to the 
Programme Agreement. 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant 
Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information 
service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or 
prices comparable to the Reference Rate. 
Relevant Substitution and Liquid Asset Excess has the meaning ascribed to such term in 
clause 4.4.3 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Relevant Time has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
Report Date means the date falling two Business Days prior to each Calculation Date. 
Representative of the Bondholders means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any 
other entity appointed as representative of the Bondholders pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents.  
Request of Term Loan means a notice sent by the Guarantor to the Subordinated Lender 
substantially in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Request) of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Reserve Account means (i) as long as Banco BPM is an Eligible Institution, the Banco BPM 
Reserve Account, or (ii) as long as Banco BPM ceases to be an Eligible Institution, the BNPP 
Reserve Account. 
Reserve Amount means any amount to be credited into the Reserve Account up to the Reserve 
Required Amount. 
Reserve Required Amount means an amount equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the aggregate amount payable on the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date 
in respect of items from (First) to (Third) of the Pre-Issuer Default Interest Priority of 
Payments; and 
(b) 
(A) if no Cover Pool Swap Agreement has been entered into, or if a Cover Pool Swap 
Agreement has been entered into with an entity belonging to the Banco BPM Group, 
an amount equal to any interest amounts due in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds 
outstanding in the immediately following three months; or (B) if a Cover Pool Swap 
Agreement has been entered into with an entity not belonging to the Banco BPM Group, 
but (i) no Interest Rate Swap Agreement has been entered into in relation to a Series of 
Covered Bonds or (ii) an Interest Rate Swap Agreement has been entered into with an 
entity belonging to the Banco BPM Group in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, 
any interest amounts due in relation to such Series of Covered Bonds in the immediately 
following three months; or (C) if a Cover Pool Swap Agreement has been entered into 
with an entity not belonging to the Banco BPM Group and an Interest Rate Swap 
Agreement has been entered into with an entity not belonging to the Banco BPM Group 
in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, any interest amounts due to the Interest Rate

--- Page 418 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
418 
 
 
 
Swap Provider in respect of the relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement in the 
immediately following three months, calculated applying the Floating Rate Option (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) for each relevant Interest Rate Swap Agreement 
determined on a forward basis. 
Residential Mortgage Loan means a residential mortgage loan meeting the requirements of 
article 129, paragraph 1, letter d) of the CRR and article 7-novies, paragraph 2, letters a) and 
b), of the Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law. 
Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement means any residential mortgage loan agreement out 
of which Receivables arise. 
Retention Amount means an amount equal to €10,000. 
Rules means the Rules of the Organisation of the Bondholders attached as Exhibit 1 to the 
Terms and Conditions, as from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions therein 
contained and including any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental 
thereto. 
Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country or territory which is subject or target of 
sanctions that would prohibit or restrict business dealings with an individual or entity operating, 
organised or resident in such country (and as at the date hereof includes, but is not limited to, 
the Crimea region, Cuba, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). 
Sanctions means any economic, trade, or financial sanctions laws, regulations, embargoes, 
restrictive measures or other similar measures enacted, administered, imposed or enforced by 
any Sanctions Authority. 
Sanctions Authority means any relevant government, agency or legislature in the U.S., the 
UK, the European Union and its member States, or other relevant jurisdiction, including but 
not limited to: the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Asset Control, the U.S. State 
Department, the United Nations Security Council, and Her Majesty’s Treasury in the UK. 
Screen Rate Determination means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance 
with Condition 6(d)(Screen Rate Determination). 
Securities Account means (i) as long as Banco BPM is an Eligible Institution, the Banco BPM 
Securities Account, or (ii) as long as Banco BPM ceases to be an Eligible Institution, the BNPP 
Securities Account. 
Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Securitisation and Covered Bonds Law means Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
Security Interest means: 
(a) 
any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance securing any obligation of any 
person;

--- Page 419 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
419 
 
 
 
(b) 
any arrangement under which money or claims to money, or the benefit of, a bank or 
other account may be applied, set off or made subject to a combination of accounts so 
as to effect discharge of any sum owed or payable to any person; or 
(c) 
any other type of preferential arrangement (including any title transfer and retention 
arrangement) having a similar effect. 
Security means the security created pursuant to the Deed of Charge. 
Segregation Event means the occurrence of a breach of any Mandatory Tests and/or, prior to 
the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the Asset Coverage Test on a given Calculation Date 
which remains unremedied within the Test Grace Period. 
Selected Assets means the Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or Liquid Assets to be sold 
following the delivery a Breach of Tests Notice, a breach of the Liquidity Buffer Requirement 
or an Issuer Default Notice, as selected on a random basis in accordance with the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. 
Seller means Banco BPM S.p.A. and any other entity belonging to the Banco BPM Group 
acceding in such capacity to the Programme. 
Series or Series of Covered Bonds means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the context 
of the Programme. 
Servicer means Banco BPM in its capacity as such pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
Servicer’s Reports means the Quarterly Servicer’s Reports. 
Servicer Termination Event means an event which allows the Guarantor to terminate the 
Servicer’s appointment and appoint a Substitute Servicer, according to clause 9.1 of the 
Servicing Agreement. 
Servicing Agreement means the servicing agreement entered into on 26 August 2015 between 
the Guarantor and the Servicer as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Sofferenze means any Non Performing Receivable referred to a state of permanent distress and 
handled by the Servicer’s Office Litigation. 
SONIA Reference Rate has the meaning given in Condition 6(e). 
Specified Currency means the currency as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the 
relevant Dealer(s), the Principal Paying Agent and the Representative of the Bondholders (as 
set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Specified Office means: 
(a) 
in the case of the Principal Paying Agent, Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 3, 20124 Milan, Italy; 
or

--- Page 420 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
420 
 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of any other Paying Agent, the offices specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(c) 
in the case of the Calculation Agent, Piazza Filippo Meda 4, 20121 Milan, Italy, 
(d) 
or, in each case, such other office in the same city or town as such agent may specify 
by notice to the Issuer and the other parties to the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payment Agreement in the manner provided therein. 
Stock Exchange means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s main regulated market, Bourse de 
Luxembourg. 
Subordinated Lender means Banco BPM S.p.A. and each Additional Seller, in its capacity as 
subordinated lender pursuant to the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Subordinated Loan Agreement means any subordinated loan agreement entered into between 
Subordinated Lender and the Guarantor, including the subordinated loan agreement entered 
into between Banco BPM S.p.A. and the Guarantor on 26 August 2015, as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time. 
Subsequent Portfolio Purchase Price means the consideration which the Guarantor shall pay 
to the Seller for the transfer of Subsequent Portfolios, calculated in accordance with Clause 4.2 
of the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Subsequent Portfolios means any portfolio of Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets other than the Initial Portfolio which may (or shall, as the case may be) be 
purchased by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement and/or the Cover Pool Management Agreement (as 
applicable). 
Subsidiary has the meaning given to it in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Substitute Servicer means the successor of the Servicer upon the occurrence of a Servicer 
Termination Event, which may be appointed by the Guarantor pursuant to clause 9.4 of the 
Servicing Agreement. 
Substitution Assets means the assets referred to in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c), of the 
CRR (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time), being, as at the date hereof, 
exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or credit quality step 2, or 
exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 where those exposures are 
in the form of:  
(a) 
short‐term deposits with an original maturity not exceeding 100 days, where used to 
meet the cover pool liquidity buffer requirement of Article 16 of Directive (EU) 
2019/2162; or 
(b) 
derivative contracts that meet the requirements of Article 11(1) of Directive (EU) 
2019/2162, where permitted by the competent authorities. 
Swap Agreements means, collectively, the Interest Rate Swap Agreement(s) and the Cover 
Pool Swap Agreement and any other swap agreement which may be entered into by the 
Guarantor in the context of the Programme.

--- Page 421 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
421 
 
 
 
Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts means at any time, the amount of Swap Collateral which 
may not be applied under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement at that time in satisfaction 
of the relevant Swap Provider’s obligations to the Guarantor, including Swap Collateral which 
is to be returned to the relevant Swap Provider from time to time in accordance with the terms 
of the Swap Agreements and ultimately upon termination of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Swap Collateral means the collateral provided by a Swap Provider to the Guarantor under the 
relevant Swap Agreements. 
Swap Providers means, as applicable, the Cover Pool Swap Provider(s), the Interest Rate 
Swap Providers and any other entity which may act as swap counterparty to the Guarantor by 
entering into a Swap Agreement. 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which the real time gross settlement system 
operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system (T2) is open for the settlement of 
payments in Euro. 
Tax means any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Republic of Italy or 
any political sub-division thereof or any authority thereof or therein. 
Term Loan means a loan made available to the Guarantor under the Facility (or the principal 
amount outstanding for the time being of such loan) (a) advanced for the purpose of purchasing 
Eligible Assets, Substitution Assets (if transferred for the purpose of ensuring the compliance 
of the Cover Pool with the Tests) and/or Liquid Assets to be sold in accordance with the Master 
Receivables Purchase Agreement and/or the Cover Pool Management Agreement (as 
applicable) for an amount equal to the principal amount of such Eligible Assets, Substitution 
Assets or Liquid Assets, as the case may be, to be purchased (or, with respect to Eligible Assets, 
the lower amount necessary for such purpose, taking into account the Guarantor Available 
Funds); and/or (b) equal to any principal amount still outstanding of a Converted Loan on the 
Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date) of the Corresponding Series of Covered Bonds 
and not paid at such date. 
Term Loan Notice means a notice sent by the Subordinated Lender to the Guarantor 
substantially in the form set out in Schedule 1 (Term Loan Notice) of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
 
Terms and Conditions means the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
Test Grace Period means the period starting on the date on which the breach of any Test is 
notified by the Calculation Agent and the day falling one calendar month thereafter. 
Test Performance Report means the report to be delivered, on each Calculation Date, by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Test Remedy Period means the period starting from the date on which a Breach of Tests 
Notice is delivered and ending on the date falling one calendar month thereafter. 
Tests means, collectively, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation 
Test.

--- Page 422 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
422 
 
 
 
Total Commitment means the Euro equivalent of the Programme Limit plus any other amount 
necessary to meet the Asset Coverage Test, to the extent not cancelled, reduced or increased 
by the Parties under the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Trade Date means, as appropriate, the date on which the issue of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds is priced. 
Transaction Account means (i) as long as Banco BPM is an Eligible Institution, the Banco 
BPM Transaction Account, or (ii) as long as Banco BPM ceases to be an Eligible Institution, 
the BNPP Transaction Account. 
Transaction Documents means the Master Receivables Purchase Agreement, the Servicing 
Agreement, the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payment Agreement, the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the 
Intercreditor Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the 
Guarantee, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Administrative Services Agreement, the 
Swap Agreements (if any), the Mandate Agreement, the Quotaholders’ Agreement, the 
Prospectus, each N Covered Bond Certificate, each N Covered Bond Agreements, each N 
Covered Bond Assignment Agreement, the N Covered Bonds Conditions, the Deed of Charge 
(if any), the Master Definitions Agreement and any other agreement entered into in connection 
with the Programme. 
Transfer Agreement means any subsequent transfer agreement for the purchase of each 
Subsequent Portfolio entered in accordance with the terms of the Master Receivables Purchase 
Agreement. 
Transfer Date means the date designated by the Seller in the relevant Transfer Agreement. 
Transfer Notice means, in respect to each Subsequent Portfolio, such transfer notice which 
will be sent by the Seller and addressed to the Guarantor in the form set out in schedule 7 to 
the relevant Master Receivables Purchase Agreement. 
Usury Law means the Italian Law number 108 of 7 March 1996 together with Decree number 
394 of 29 December 2000 which has been converted in law by Law number 24 of 28 February 
2001, as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
Valuation Date means (i) in respect of the Initial Portfolio transferred by Banco BPM S.p.A., 
on 22 August 2015, and (ii) in respect of each other Initial Portfolio sold by any Additional 
Seller or in respect of each Subsequent Portfolio, the date on which the economic effects of the 
transfer of the relevant Portfolio will commence as specified in the relevant Transfer 
Agreement. 
VAT or Value Added Tax means Imposta sul Valore Aggiunto (IVA) as defined in Presidential 
Decree number 633 of 26 October 1972. 
WA Remaining Maturity means the greater of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity 
of all Covered Bonds then outstanding and (ii) one (1) year. 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement means any warranty and indemnity agreement entered 
into between the Seller and the Guarantor, including the warranty and indemnity agreement 
entered into between Banco BPM S.p.A. and the Guarantor on 26 August 2015, as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time.

--- Page 423 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
423 
 
 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Provisions means Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Provisions).

--- Page 424 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
424 
 
 
 
ISSUER, SERVICER, COLLECTION ACCOUNT BANK, BACK-UP ACCOUNT BANK AND CALCULATION 
AGENT 
 
Banco BPM S.p.A. 
Piazza F. Meda, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
GUARANTOR 
BPM Covered Bond 2 S.r.l. 
Via Curtatone, 3 
00185 Rome 
Italy 
 
ARRANGER 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 
Ireland 
D02 RF29 
 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE BONDHOLDERS 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via V. Alfieri, 1, 
31015 Conegliano (TV), 
Italy 
 
PRINCIPAL 
PAYING AGENT AND 
ACCOUNT BANK 
 
BACK-UP ACCOUNT 
BANK 
BNP Paribas, Italian Branch  
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 3, 
20124 Milan, 
Italy 
Banco BPM S.p.A. 
Piazza F. Meda, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
LEGAL AND TAX ADVISERS 
TO THE ISSUER 
 
as to Italian law and English law 
Allen & Overy Studio Legale Associato 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
as to taxation law 
Studio Legale Associato ad Ashurst LLP 
Piazza San Fedele, 2 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
TO THE ARRANGER AND THE DEALERS 
 
as to Italian law, English law 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Piazza Tre Torri, 2 
20145 Milan 
Italy 
 
DEALERS

--- Page 425 ---
0072743-0000019 EUO1: 2008841347.9 
425 
 
 
 
Banca Akros S.p.A. – Gruppo 
Banco BPM 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC