--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
BANCO DE SABADELL, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain) 
 
€15,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
_____________________________ 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent 
authority for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of the EU 
of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") and constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with Annexes 7 and 
15 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation (the "Delegated Regulation 2019/980"). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed under the 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the Issuer or of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes (as defined below). 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"), for 
the notes (the "Notes") issued under the Banco de Sabadell, S.A. €15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") during the 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus by Banco de Sabadell, 
S.A. ("Banco Sabadell", the "Issuer" or the "Bank") to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and to 
trading on its regulated market (the "Euronext Dublin Regulated Market"). Such approval relates only to the 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic 
Area (the "EEA") in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. The Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer (and not on its own behalf) in connection with the 
application for admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin and trading on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its 
date of approval in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be 
agreed with the Issuer. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's long term rating is BBB with a Positive Outlook by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Baa3 with a Positive Outlook by Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. 
("Moody's") for senior unsecured debt, BBB- with a Stable Outlook by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") 
and A (low) with a Stable Outlook by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
each of S&P, Moody's, Fitch and DBRS is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed 
in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Series 
of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. None of 
S&P, Moody's, Fitch or DBRS are established in the United Kingdom (the "UK"), however they are each part of

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
a group in respect of which one of its undertakings is (i) established in the UK, and (ii) is registered in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). The Issuer ratings issued by S&P, Moody's, Fitch and DBRS have been endorsed by S&P Global 
Ratings UK Limited, Moody's Investors Service Limited, Fitch Ratings Limited and DBRS Ratings Limited, 
respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued 
by S&P, Moody's, Fitch and DBRS may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be unrated or may be rated by S&P, Moody's, Fitch, DBRS and/or other 
such credit rating agencies as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States of America (the "United States" or the 
"U.S.") Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements in the Securities Act. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus 
(as defined below) may include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the relevant Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus (as defined below) may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the relevant Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 (1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by the EU PRIIPS Regulation as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes may be calculated by reference to one of the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), the Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR"), the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA") or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus (as defined below), which are administered by the European Money Markets 
Institutes ("EMMI"), the European Central Bank, the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, respectively. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI is included in the European Securities and 
Markets Authority's ("ESMA") register of administrators and benchmarks under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). The European Central Bank, the Bank of England and the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York are not included in ESMA's register of administrators and benchmarks under 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, €STR, SONIA and SOFR do not fall 
within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Notification under Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the "SFA") - Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms or relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus, all Notes shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018")). 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks that may affect the abilities of the Issuer 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under 
the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus, before deciding to invest in the Notes issued under 
the Programme.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Arranger 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
Dealers 
BANCO SABADELL 
BARCLAYS 
BOFA SECURITIES 
CITIGROUP 
COMMERZBANK 
CRÉDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
 GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
HSBC 
 J.P. MORGAN 
NATIXIS 
 NOMURA 
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE CORPORATE & 
INVESTMENT BANKING  
 UNICREDIT 
 
This Base Prospectus is dated 19 May 2023.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or 
Drawdown Prospectus (as defined below) and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes" (the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the 
"Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described 
under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below.  
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any information 
incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, must 
be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject 
of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in 
the relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified 
in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.   
For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information 
contained on any website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers referred to in "Subscription and Sale" below that this Base Prospectus 
contains all information which is (in the context of the Programme or the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) 
material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material 
respect in light of the circumstances under which they were made; that any opinions, predictions or intentions 
expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect in light of the 
circumstances then subsisting; that this Base Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make 
such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme or the issue, offering and 
sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify 
the foregoing.  
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Base 
Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for any act or omission 
of the Issuer or any other person in connection with this Programme and the issue and offering of Notes thereunder. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, 
in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true 
subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, 
if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
Suitability 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Prospective investors must determine the suitability 
of that investment in light of their own circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor may wish to consider, 
either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement, taking into account that the Notes may only be a suitable 
investment for professional or institutional investors; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
(c) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes (including the provisions relating to status) and is familiar 
with the behaviour of financial markets; 
(d) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal and interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are 
subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Notes are legal investments 
for it, (b) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply 
an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of those Notes (as at the date of issuance of such Notes) into 
Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or a combination of both Eligible Green Projects and Eligible 
Social Projects (such Notes being Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, respectively), as described 
in the Issuer's SDG Bond Framework (each as defined below) published on the website of the Issuer (see "Use of 
Proceeds").   
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the Issuer's SDG Bond Framework and the 
Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information 
for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. 
The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for selecting 
investments in Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects, any verification of whether such projects meet 
such eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the Issuer's website, the 
SDG Bond Framework and the Second-Party Opinion (each as defined below) for information.  No assurance or 
representation is given by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or any other person as to the suitability or reliability for 
any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer or 
any affiliate) on the SDG Bond Framework or on any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds issued. 
Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers 
or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. 
None of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility for any third party social, 
environmental and sustainability assessment of any Notes or makes any representation or warranty or assurance 
whether the Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such “green” or similar labels. 
The Dealers or any of their respective affiliates are not responsible for the monitoring of the use of proceeds for 
any Notes. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates as to the 
suitability or reliability of the SDG Bond Framework (as defined herein) or any opinion or certification of any 
third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes, and any such opinion or certification is not a 
recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event any such Notes are listed or

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
admitted to trading on a dedicated “green” or other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities 
market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or 
maintained for the lifetime of the Notes.  
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, and 
the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law.  Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, comes are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, and other offering material relating 
to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale".  In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements in the Securities Act.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, constitutes an 
offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by 
the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be, should subscribe for or purchase any Notes.  Each recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, shall be taken to have made its own investigation 
and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed €15,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into 
Euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement)).  The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under 
the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale"). 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a "Member State" are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States 
dollars, and references to "EUR" or "euro" or "€" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 
May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments: accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Ratings 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above in relation to the Issuer or the rating(s) 
assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but will be endorsed 
by a credit rating agency which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) issued 
by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA Regulation or 
(4) issued by a credit rating agency neither established in the EEA nor certified under the CRA Regulation and 
will not be endorsed under the CRA Regulation or (5) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (6) issued by a credit rating agency established in a third country but 
endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (7) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in a third country but which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will 
be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation.  
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over 
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.  
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer's intentions, beliefs or current 
expectations and projections about its future results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, performance, 
prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans, opportunities, trends and the market in which it operates. The 
Issuer has tried to identify these and other forward-looking statements by using the words "may", "could", "will", 
"would", "should", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "guidance", "project", "future", "potential", 
"believe", "seek", "plan", "aim", "expect", "objective", "goal", "project", "strategy", "target", "continue" and 
similar expressions or their negatives. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions 
regarding the Issuer's present and future business and the environment in which it expects to operate in the future. 
Forward-looking statements may be found in the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled "Risk Factors" and 
"Description of Banco Sabadell" and elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The forward-looking events described in this Base Prospectus may not occur. Additional risks that the Issuer may 
currently deem immaterial or that are not presently known to the Issuer could also cause the forward-looking events 
discussed in this Base Prospectus not to occur or to occur in a different manner. These forward-looking statements 
speak only as of the date on which they are made. Except as otherwise required by applicable securities law and 
regulations and by any applicable stock exchange regulations, the Issuer undertakes no obligation to update 
publicly or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, 
changed circumstances or any other reason after the date of this Base Prospectus. Given the uncertainty inherent 
in forward-looking statements, the Issuer cautions prospective investors not to place undue reliance on these 
statements.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
 
Section  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ......................................................................................................................................... 5 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS................................................................................................................ 8 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................... 17 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................................................... 50 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES .................................................................................... 53 
FORMS OF THE NOTES...................................................................................................................................... 54 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................... 59 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................ 119 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ......................... 134 
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO SABADELL ......................................................................................................... 136 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................... 156 
REGULATION .................................................................................................................................................... 157 
TAXATION ......................................................................................................................................................... 166 
ANNEX I ............................................................................................................................................................. 173 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................. 175 
GENERAL INFORMATION .............................................................................................................................. 179

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following must be read as an introduction to and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of the Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant 
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, and any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on 
consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents incorporated by reference and 
the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus. 
The following constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1)(b) of 
Delegated Regulation 2019/980. 
Information relating to Banco de Sabadell, S.A. 
Issuer:  
Banco de Sabadell, S.A.  
LEI Code: 
SI5RG2M0WQQLZCXKRM20  
Corporate purpose: 
The corporate purpose of Banco Sabadell is set forth in Article 4 of its 
Articles of Association (Estatutos Sociales) consisting of generally 
carrying out all banking operations capable of being undertaken by credit 
entities in accordance with current legislation. 
Directors: 
The Directors of Banco Sabadell are as follows:  
 
Name 
Director type 
 
Mr. Josep Oliu Creus 
Chairman 
 
Mr. Pedro Fontana García 
Deputy-Chairman 
 
Mr. 
César 
González-Bueno 
Mayer 
CEO 
 
Mr. George Donald Johnston III 
Director 
 
Ms. Aurora Catá Sala 
Director 
 
Mr. Lluís Deulofeu Fuguet 
Director 
 
Ms. María José García Beato 
Director 
 
Ms. Mireya Giné Torrens 
Director 
 
Ms. Laura González Molero 
Director 
 
Mr. David Martínez Guzmán 
Director 
 
Mr. 
José 
Manuel 
Martínez 
Martínez 
Director 
 
Ms. Alicia Reyes Revuelta 
Director 
 
Mr. Manuel Valls Morató 
Director 
 
Mr. David Vegara Figueras 
Director  
The Bank and the Group: 
Banco Sabadell was incorporated on 31 December 1881 for an unlimited 
term as a public limited company (Sociedad Anónima) 
 
It is registered with the Commercial Registry of Alicante (Spain) under 
volume 4,070, book 1 and sheet A-156980

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
The Bank's registered office is at Avenida Óscar Esplá, nº 37, PC 03007 
Alicante (Spain). 
 
Banco Sabadell is the controlling company of the Group which 
comprised, as of 31 December 2022, a total of 68 companies that the 
Group fully consolidates. In addition, there were 19 associated 
companies. 
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Sabadell's issued share 
capital of €703,370,587.625 is comprised of 5,626,964,701 shares of a 
single series and class, with a nominal value per ordinary share of €0.125 
and its major shareholders were as of 31 December 2022, BlackRock Inc., 
Sanders Capital, LLC and Fintech Europe S.A.R.L. with 4.61 per cent., 
3.47 per cent. and 3.45 per cent., respectively. 
Business: 
Banco Sabadell is one of the largest banks in Spain's financial system, 
with total consolidated assets and total consolidated loans and advances 
to customers of €251,380 million and €158,730 million, respectively, as 
of 31 December 2022. 
  
For each of the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 the Group's 
consolidated pre-provisions income (calculated as gross income less 
operating expenses and depreciation and amortisation) was €2,298 
million and €1,719 million, respectively, and its consolidated profit 
attributable to the Group was €859 million and €530 million, respectively. 
 
The Group is organised in the following business segments: Banking 
Business in Spain, Banking Business in the United Kingdom and Banking 
Business in Mexico. Banking Business in Spain, in turn, includes Retail 
Banking, Business Banking and the Corporate and Investment Banking 
business units. 
 
The Retail Banking business unit offers financial products and services to 
individual persons with a particular purpose. These include investment 
products and medium- and long-term finance, such as consumer loans, 
mortgages and leasing or rental services, as well as short-term finance. 
Funds come mainly from customer deposits and sight accounts, savings 
insurance, mutual funds and pension plans. The main services also 
include methods of payment such as cards and insurance products in their 
diverse modalities. 
Description of the Programme 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers: 
Banco Sabadell, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BofA Securities 
Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, 
HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, Natixis, Nomura Financial 
Products Europe GmbH, Société Générale and UniCredit Bank AG. 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealers under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of a single Tranche or in respect of the Programme. 
Fiscal Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Size: 
Up to €15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time. 
Distribution: 
Subject to applicable selling restrictions, Notes may be distributed by way 
of private or public placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in Euro or U.S. dollars or in any other 
currency or currencies of an OECD country, subject to compliance with 
all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements.  
Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to such compliance, be made 
in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies other than the currency in 
which such Notes are denominated. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity greater than one year in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes 
and Senior Subordinated Notes and a minimum maturity of five years in 
the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms or such other minimum or maximum maturity as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant Competent Authority or any 
applicable laws or regulations. Senior Non Preferred Notes will have an 
original maturity of at least one year from their date of effective 
disbursement or such minimum or maximum maturity as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Denomination: 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a minimum 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency). 
Subject thereto, Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. No 
Notes will be issued with tradeable amounts less than the minimum 
denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.  The 
Notes will be issued in one or more Series (which may be issued on the 
same date or which may be issued in more than one Tranche on different 
dates).  The Notes may be issued in Tranches on a continuous basis with 
no minimum issue size, subject to compliance with all applicable laws, 
regulations and directives.  Further Notes may be issued as part of an 
existing Series. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in bearer form, with or without interest coupons 
("Bearer Notes").  Bearer Notes will, unless otherwise specified, only be 
sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S and will, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, initially be represented by a Temporary Global Note without 
interest coupons attached, deposited: (a) in the case of a global note which 
is not intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global 
Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, with or on 
behalf of a common depositary located outside the United States for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (b) in the case of a global 
note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New 
Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, with 
a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Interests in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for interests 
in a permanent global Note in bearer form, without coupons (a 
"Permanent Global Note").  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their principal amount.  The price and amount of Notes to be issued

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. The length of the interest 
periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate or its method of 
calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. 
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or 
both.  All such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year, 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Reset Notes: 
Fixed Reset Notes will initially bear interest at a fixed rate up to but 
excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset 
Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, 
the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate 
and the Reset Margin, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each Series at a 
rate determined (i) on the same basis as the Floating Rate (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) under a notional interest rate swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions; or 
(ii) by reference to EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA or SOFR as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, as adjusted for any applicable margin.  Interest 
periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered or sold at a discount to their original 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Partial redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes which are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the date on which, and 
the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Redemption: 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons or following an Event of Default or, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes, and if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, Ordinary Senior Notes, upon the occurrence of a 
Disqualification Event, or, in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, upon 
the occurrence of a Capital Event) or that such Notes will be redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part, including without 
limitation, pursuant to Condition 12(f) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Clean-Up Redemption))) and/or the Noteholders, and if so the 
terms applicable to such redemption. In particular, redemption of Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes at the option of the Issuer may only take place after 
five years from their date of issuance or such other minimum or maximum 
length as may be permitted or required from time to time by Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
 
Redemption for taxation reasons or redemption following a Capital Event 
or a Disqualification Event or redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(including without limitation, pursuant to Condition 12(f) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Redemption))) may only take place in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations and will be subject to 
the prior permission of the Competent Authority, if and as required 
therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations. In no circumstances may 
the Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior 
Notes where the Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms be redeemed prior to their maturity at the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
option of the Noteholders. Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where the 
Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant to a Disqualification Event only 
after five years from their date of issuance or such other minimum or 
maximum length as may be permitted or required from time to time by 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
 
See Condition 12 (Redemption and Purchase). 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be either Senior Notes (in which case they will be Ordinary 
Senior Notes or Senior Non Preferred Notes) or Subordinated Notes (in 
which case they will be Senior Subordinated Notes or Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes) as more fully described in Condition 5 (Status of the Notes). 
Substitution and Variation: 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the Notes 
and a Capital Event, a Disqualification Event or a Tax Event occurs and 
is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the 
Notes or modify the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, 
including, in the case of English Law Notes by changing the governing 
law of the Notes from English law to Spanish law, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they 
are substituted for, or varied to become or remain, Qualifying Notes.  
See Condition 17 (Substitution and Variation). 
Taxation:  
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes will be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will (subject to certain exceptions described below and, 
in respect of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
Ordinary Senior Notes qualifying as TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments, 
only in respect of the payment of interest) pay such additional amounts as 
will result in the holders of Notes or Coupons receiving such amounts as 
they would have received in respect of such Notes or Coupons had no 
such withholding or deduction been required. No such additional amounts 
shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon:  
 
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such 
Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with 
the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or 
charges have been imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
(ii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom 
the Issuer (or the Fiscal Agent on its behalf) has not received 
such information (which may include a tax residence certificate) 
concerning such holder's identity and tax residence (or the 
identity or tax residence of the beneficial owner for whose 
benefit it holds such Notes) as may be required in order to 
comply with the procedures that may be implemented to comply 
with the interpretation of Royal Decree 1065/2007 eventually 
made by the Spanish Tax Authorities; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
entitled to such additional amount on presenting the same for 
payment on the thirtieth such day; 
 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, individuals resident for tax 
purposes in Spain if the Spanish tax authorities determine 
payments made to such individuals are not exempt from 
withholding tax and require a withholding to be made; or 
 
(v) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish-resident corporate 
entity if the Spanish tax authorities determine that the Notes do 
not comply with exemption requirements including those 
specified in the Reply to Consultation of the General Directorate 
for Taxation (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 
and require a withholding to be made. 
 
See Condition 14 (Taxation). 
Disclosure of Information in 
Connection with Payments: 
Under Spanish Law 10/2014 of 26 June on regulation, supervision and 
solvency of credit entities ("Law 10/2014"), and Royal Decree 1065/2007 
of 27 July ("Royal Decree 1065/2007") as amended, the Issuer is required 
to provide to the Spanish tax authorities certain information relating to 
the Notes. 
 
If the Fiscal Agent fails to provide the Issuer with the required 
information described under the Issuer may be required to withhold tax at 
the current rate of 19 per cent. In that event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders of such 
amount as would have been received by them had no such withholding 
been required.  
 
A summary of the procedures to collect the above referenced information 
is set out in "Taxation – The Kingdom of Spain – Information about the 
Notes in connection with payments " 
 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers and the clearing systems assume any 
responsibility therefore. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Ordinary Senior Notes will contain a negative pledge as more fully 
set out in Condition 6 (Negative Pledge) if indicated as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Cross Default: 
Applicable exclusively to Ordinary Senior Notes. Unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms in respect of the Events of Default, the 
Ordinary Senior Notes will contain a cross default in respect of 
Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Relevant Subsidiaries as more fully set 
out in Condition 15 (Events of Default).  
Governing Law: 
English law or Spanish law, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. In 
the case of English law Notes, Condition 5 (Status of the Notes) will be 
governed by Spanish law. 
Jurisdiction: 
The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
arising from or connected with the English Law Notes, Coupons and/or 
Talons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them) (a "Dispute") (such exclusive 
jurisdiction being for the benefit of the holders of the English Law Notes, 
Coupons and/or Talons only). Notwithstanding the above, the courts of 
the city of Madrid (Spain) have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
that may arise from or in connection with the exercise of the Statutory 
Loss-Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority (a "Bail-in 
Dispute") in respect of the English Law Notes.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
The courts of the city of Madrid (Spain) have jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising from or connected with the Spanish Law Notes, Coupons 
and/or Talons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them). In addition, the 
courts of the city of Madrid (Spain) have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any Bail-in Dispute in respect of the Spanish Law Notes. 
Listing: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland 
as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be 
admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Unlisted 
Notes will not be issued under the Programme. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
EEA, the United States, the UK, Spain, Belgium, Singapore and 
Switzerland. See "Subscription and Sale".  
 
In connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, 
additional selling restrictions may be imposed which will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Risk Factors: 
Prospective investors should understand the risks of investing in any type 
of Note before they make their investment decision.  They should make 
their own independent decision to invest in any type of Note and as to 
whether an investment in such Note is appropriate or proper for them 
based upon their own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as 
they consider necessary. 
 
For a description of certain risks involved in investing in the Notes, see 
"Risk Factors". 
 
Risk factors are designed both to protect investors from investments from 
which they are not suitable and to set out the financial risks associated 
with an investment in a particular type of Note. 
Representation of holders of the 
Notes: 
Condition 23 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver) and 
Schedule 5 (Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) of the Agency 
Agreement contain provisions for convening meetings of holders of Notes 
to consider any matter affecting their interests. 
Rating: 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated and if rated, such rating(s) will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms and it shall also be specified if 
the relevant credit rating agency is or is not established in the EU and/or 
the UK (as applicable) and whether such agency is or is not registered 
under CRA Regulation and/or the UK CRA Regulation (as applicable). 
 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective investors 
should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business of the Issuer and 
the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, 
in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. Prospective investors 
should note that the risks identified below relating to the Issuer and the industry in which it operates and the Notes 
are the ones that the Issuer believes to be the most essential to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether 
to consider an investment in the Notes. Such risks appear below classified by categories and in order of decreasing 
materiality within each category, taking into account both the probability that they might occur as well as the 
expected magnitude of the negative impact. 
However, the following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making 
an investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the 
Issuer that are either not currently known to the Issuer or that it currently deems to be immaterial and which may 
become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control, may individually or 
cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or 
prospects of the Issuer and, if any such risks were to occur, the price of the Notes may decline and investors could 
lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is 
suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances. 
1. MACROECONOMIC AND POLITICAL RISKS 
Unfavourable global economic conditions, and, in particular, in Spain, or any deterioration in the Spanish or 
general European financial systems, could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects of the Bank and its Group 
The Spanish economy performed well in the years following the global economic recession which begun in 2008. 
Spain experienced gross domestic product ("GDP") growth rates of 1.4 per cent. in 2014, 3.8 per cent. in 2015, 
3.0 per cent. in 2016, 3.0 per cent. in 2017, 2.3 per cent. in 2018 and 2.1 per cent. in 2019 (Source: National 
Statistics Institute of Spain). In Europe, a significant reduction in risk premia took place from the second half of 
2012 onwards and economic growth for the Eurozone as a whole had been positive since the second quarter of 
2013, growing by 1.9 per cent. in 2016, 2.6 per cent in 2017, 1.8 per cent. in 2018 and 1.6 per cent. in 2019 (Source: 
Eurostat). In addition, policies implemented by central banks and fiscal policies less oriented towards austerity 
seemed to have also provided the grounds for a sustained growth of the global economy. 
However, the spread and effects of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19), which began in China at the end of 
2019 and subsequently spread globally led to a deterioration of the Spanish, European and global economies. The 
COVID-19 pandemic generated a widespread health crisis that initially resulted in the restriction or suspension of 
production, operational and business activities, disruptions to travel and transportation, and adverse impacts on 
labour supply, which consequently caused a shock to supply chains and aggregate demand. As a consequence, in 
Spain, GDP contracted by 11.3 per cent. in 2020 before growing by 5.5 per cent. in 2021 (Source: National 
Statistics Institute of Spain). Likewise, in the Eurozone GDP contracted by 6.1 per cent. in 2020 to then grow by 
5.3 per cent. in 2021 (Source: Eurostat). Beyond the direct economic impact, the COVID-19 crisis also represented 
a financial shock given the initial tightening in financial conditions, the worsening of liquidity conditions in 
financial markets, heightened volatility and sharp repricing of several financial assets. All of this in a context where 
the robustness of the capital markets had deteriorated notably in recent years. The actions of the central banks, 
however, allowed an overall context of favourable financing conditions and the macro-financial outlook for both 
the global and Spanish economies improved mainly as a result of vaccines having been rolled out. Despite all of 
this, some vulnerabilities remained such as the weak financial situation of some segments of households and 
companies, the growing public indebtedness and the low profitability of entities.  
In addition, on 24 February 2022, Russia launched a full-scale military action against Ukraine. The war in Ukraine 
has caused an ongoing humanitarian crisis in Europe, as well as volatility in financial markets globally, heightened 
inflation, shortages and increases in the prices of energy, oil, gas and other commodities. The prolongation or 
escalation of the war, including the potential involvement of other countries in the region, could lead to further 
increases in energy, oil and gas prices (particularly if supplies to Europe are interrupted) and heightened 
inflationary pressures, which in turn could lead to further increases in interest rates and market volatility. Likewise, 
the war has exacerbated supply chain disruptions, particularly to those businesses most sensitive to rising energy

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
prices, and could negatively affect the payment capacity of some of the Group’s customers, especially those with 
greater exposure to the Russian or Ukrainian markets. 
In response to the Russian military action against Ukraine, several countries, including the U.S., the EU member 
states, the UK and other United Nations (“UN”) member states, have imposed severe sanctions on Russia and 
Belarus, including freezing/blocking assets, targeting major Russian banks, the Russian Central Bank, and certain 
Russian companies and individuals, imposing trade restrictions against Russia and Russian interests, as well as the 
disconnection of certain Russian banks from the SWIFT (Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial 
Telecommunication) system. In addition, the sanctions imposed also include a ban on trading in sovereign debt 
and other securities. The scale of sanctions is unprecedented, complex and rapidly evolving, and poses 
continuously increasing operational risks to the Group. Furthermore, the risk of cyberattacks on companies and 
institutions is expected to increase as a result of the war and in response to the sanctions imposed, which could 
adversely affect the Group’s ability to maintain or enhance its cyber security and data protection measures. The 
war and its effects have adversely impacted the macroeconomic scenario (further to economic growth recovery in 
2021, GDP in both Spain and the Eurozone grew by 5.5 per cent. and 3.5 per cent., respectively, in 2022 – Source: 
National Statistics Institute of Spain / Eurostat) and may continue to do so in the future, which could further 
exacerbate the current slowdown in the global economy and, in turn, have a negative effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Moreover, the rise of energy prices has worsened the inflationary situation, that was already present in Spain and 
other developed countries after the withdrawal of the restrictions imposed to mitigate the impact of the COVID-
19 pandemic, and has pushed central banks to raise interest rates. Despite the actions having been adopted by 
central banks and other authorities, it is possible that the inflationary environment, the pressure on supply chains 
and the labour shortages, among others, could persist over time. In this regard, the annual inflation rate in the 
Eurozone reached an all-time high of 9.9 per cent. in September 2022, dropping to 7.0 per cent. in April 2023 
(Source: Eurostat). In Spain, the annual inflation rate (harmonized index of consumer prices) reached 9.0 per cent. 
in September 2022, driven primarily by increases in the prices of processed foods, dropping to 3.8 per cent. in 
April 2023 (Source: Eurostat). The European Central Bank (the "ECB") estimates that the annual inflation rate 
will not reach its 2.0 per cent. target until 2025. To curb inflation, the ECB has raised interest rates, with a 
cumulative rise of 3.5 percentage points since July 2022, bringing the deposit facility interest rate to 3.0 per cent. 
in March 2023. This monetary policy response has increased the financial burden borne by households, self-
employed workers, small and medium enterprises, and large companies and could lead to difficulties in the 
repayment of debt, especially by borrowers indebted at floating rates or with lower incomes. Continued inflation 
may negatively affect the purchasing power and creditworthiness of the Group's borrowers and other 
counterparties, which may, in turn, affect their ability to honour their commitments to the Group. Whilst increases 
in interest rates have had a positive effect on the Group's net interest income in 2022, sustained high interest rates 
could discourage customers from borrowing and potentially could lead to increased delinquencies in outstanding 
loans and deterioration in the quality of the Group's assets. Increases in interest rates may reduce the value of 
certain financial assets of the Group, such as fixed-income assets, and may reduce gains or require the Group to 
record losses on sales of its loans or securities. 
In this context, concerns have recently arisen with respect to the financial condition of a number of banking 
institutions in the U.S. and Europe, in particular those with exposure to certain types of depositors and large 
portfolios of investment securities. On 10 March 2023, the U.S. authorities intervened Silicon Valley Bank, and 
on 11 March 2023 Signature Bank, following a significant outflow of deposits. Additionally, on 1 May 2023 
JPMorgan Chase announced the acquisition of a substantial majority of assets and assumption of certain liabilities 
of First Republic Bank. In Europe, following a confidence crisis, UBS announced the acquisition of Credit Suisse 
with the support of the Swiss regulatory authorities on 20 March 2023. Government support for this acquisition 
has triggered a complete write-down of the nominal amount of Credit Suisse's bonds issued as eligible Additional 
Tier 1 capital. Although the Group has no exposure, whether direct or indirect, to these U.S. banks, to Credit 
Suisse’s debt or capital instruments (including instruments eligible as Common Equity Tier 1 ("CET1") or 
Additional Tier 1 capital) nor a material exposure, whether direct or indirect, to Credit Suisse or its subsidiaries, 
the market turmoil generated by these events and the solutions adopted by the authorities could have an impact on 
other financial institutions and the perception of the stability of other financial institutions, including the Group, 
and could negatively affect the issuance and placement of Additional Tier 1 instruments by European financial 
institutions. 
Furthermore, a number of additional factors may continue to affect the global economic outlook such as a new 
escalation of tensions between the U.S. and China despite prior agreements, social tensions arising from an uneven 
recovery across sectors and groups and other geopolitical tensions or similar events outside of the Group's control. 
Moreover, the appearance of new COVID-19 variants could result in the reintroduction of containment measures.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
All these may further contribute to economic growth recovering at a slower pace than expected, the occurrence of 
an abrupt correction in the valuation of some assets in the financial markets or the reduction of credit supply. 
Any of the foregoing could adversely affect the cost and availability of funding for Spanish and European banks, 
including the Bank and its Group, and the quality of its loan portfolio, and require the Group to take impairments 
on its exposures to the sovereign debt of one or more countries in the Eurozone or otherwise. Likewise, to the 
extent that uncertainty regarding the economic outlook negatively impacts consumer confidence and consumer 
credit factors globally, the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be 
significantly adversely affected.  
The Group's loan portfolio and its overall business are highly concentrated in Spain and the UK, and therefore 
the Group is particularly exposed to any deterioration in the Spanish and UK economies 
A deterioration in the global or European economies may have a negative impact on the Spanish and UK 
economies, which would in turn have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects, given the weight of Spanish and British borrowers in the Group's loan portfolio. 
Spain 
The Bank is a Spanish financial institution with a nationwide footprint and a particularly strong presence in the 
regions of Catalonia, the Valencian Community, the Balearic Islands, Asturias and Murcia. The majority of the 
Bank's gross income (which comprises primarily interest and similar income plus fee and commission income, 
gains or losses on financial assets and liabilities and other operating income) is derived from the Banking Business 
in Spain business segment, which accounted for 74.1 per cent. and 75.8 per cent. of its income for the years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accordingly, the performance of the Spanish economy impacts the 
Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group has historically developed its lending business in Spain. The Group's loan portfolio in Spain was 
adversely affected by the deterioration of the Spanish economy between 2009 and 2013, with Spanish GDP 
contracting in this period due to the effects of the financial crisis being particularly pronounced in Spain. As a 
result of the correction of existing imbalances, the Spanish economy headed into 2020 with a favourable macro-
financial position. Nevertheless, the spread and effects of the COVID-19 pandemic caused a contraction in Spanish 
GDP of 11.3 per cent. in 2020, before growing by 5.5 per cent. in 2021 and by 5.5 per cent. in 2022 (Source: 
National Statistics Institute of Spain), when it suffered the impact of other international events and pressures such 
as the war in Ukraine. The extent to which the economic consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic and the war in 
Ukraine may affect the Spanish economy in the future depends on developments that remain uncertain. 
Additionally, if doubts were to arise about Spain's ability to continue to service public or private debt, it could 
increase its financing costs. Furthermore, unemployment levels remain high relative to other European countries. 
High sustained unemployment rates could adversely affect the Group's retail customers' gross disposable income, 
and may adversely affect the recoverability of the Group's retail loans, resulting in increased loan impairments. 
The most recent forecast by the International Monetary Fund sets the growth of the Spanish GDP at 1.5 per cent. 
in 2023 and 2.0 per cent. in 2024, while the Bank of Spain's most recent forecast points to a growth rate of 1.6 per 
cent. in 2023 and 2.3 per cent. in 2024. However, these forecasts are subject to potential revisions given the 
uncertainty surrounding the current economic context. The Spanish economy is particularly sensitive to economic 
conditions in the Eurozone (the main market for Spanish goods and services exports), and so a decline in economic 
activity in the Eurozone would have an adverse effect on Spanish economic growth. Moreover, the Spanish 
economy is also exposed to the UK and Latin American economies. 
It is also worth mentioning that investor confidence may fall due to uncertainties arising from the political situation 
in Spain, with a coalition government and a fragmented Spanish Parliament, both of which may make governability 
increasingly difficult. Likewise, investor confidence could also be affected by the economic policies and changes 
in laws and regulations that may ultimately be implemented by the coalition government. 
UK  
On 30 June 2015, the Group took control of TSB Banking Group plc ("TSB" or the "TSB Banking Group"), 
which represented 22.2 per cent. of the Group's total assets as of 31 December 2022.  
Since the TSB acquisition, the Group increased its international footprint, mainly in the UK (the Group's loan 
exposure to the UK was 27.6 per cent. as of 31 December 2022), therefore increasing its exposure to inherent risks 
arising from general macro-economic conditions in the UK. The Group's customer revenue in the UK is particularly

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
exposed to the condition of the UK economy, including house prices, interest rates, levels of unemployment and 
consequential fluctuations in consumers' disposable income. The annual inflation rate in the UK (consumer prices 
index including owner occupiers' housing costs) rose by 8.9 per cent. in the 12 months to March 2023, driven 
primarily from housing and household services (principally from electricity, gas and other fuels), and food and 
non-alcoholic beverages (Source: Office for National Statistics). If inflation worsens or other economic indicators 
and the UK economic conditions weaken, or if financial markets exhibit uncertainty and/or volatility, TSB's 
impairment losses may increase and its ability to grow its business could be materially adversely impacted. 
On 23 June 2016, the UK held a non-binding referendum (the "UK EU Referendum") on its EU membership, in 
which a majority voted for the UK to leave the EU, and the UK formally left the EU on 31 January 2020. Following 
its withdrawal from the EU, the UK entered into a transition period, for the purpose of negotiating its future 
relationship with the EU, which ended on 31 December 2020. 
The UK and the EU reached a Trade and Cooperation Agreement just days before the end of the transition period 
setting a new relationship that began to apply as of 1 January 2021. The effects of the UK's withdrawal from the 
EU have entailed a degree of economic adjustment despite the trade deal negotiated between the UK and the EU. 
In the first months of implementation, there were some disruptions to trade as firms adjusted to the new regulatory 
requirements, though these were limited. The orderly transition to the new arrangements has avoided any major 
impact in financial markets. In any case, there remains uncertainty related to the evolution that the new trade 
relationship between the UK and the EU will have, which along with any further changes in government structure 
and policies, could at some point lead to market volatility and such matters may adversely affect the ability of the 
Bank to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the 
secondary market. 
On the UK domestic politics front, there are also uncertainties related to the future of the Conservative 
administration and the new administration’s ability to respond to the inflationary environment, raising the 
possibility of a general election being called earlier than January 2025 when it would otherwise be due. 
Asset valuations, currency exchange rates, and credit ratings were also subject to increased market volatility as the 
negotiation of the terms of the UK's departure from the EU was ongoing. Some of the major credit rating agencies 
downgraded and/or changed their outlook to negative on the UK's sovereign credit rating following the UK EU 
Referendum. In particular, both Fitch and Moody's further downgraded the UK's sovereign rating in 2020 
following the impact of COVID-19 pandemic, ongoing uncertainty regarding the UK's withdrawal from the EU 
and a loosening of the fiscal stance. While in 2021, Fitch reversed the UK's sovereign rating outlook from negative 
to stable given a better business adaptation to pandemic-related restrictions and greater resilience of private 
consumption and investment than expected, on 5 October 2022 Fitch revised UK’s sovereign rating outlook to 
negative in light of, among others, announced tax cuts, higher government debt, policy uncertainty, as well as the 
risk of prolonged inflationary measures. 
Likewise, on 21 November 2022 Moody’s announced the change of UK’s sovereign rating outlook from stable to 
negative as a result of heightened unpredictability in policymaking amid weaker growth prospects, high inflation 
levels and risks to the UK’s debt affordability from likely higher borrowing and risk of a sustained weakening in 
policy credibility. 
In addition, the Group is subject to substantial EU-derived regulation and oversight. Financial services are not 
covered by the UK EU Trade and Cooperation Agreement, but instead the UK and the EU reached a Memorandum 
of Understanding (MoU) in the first quarter of 2021 establishing a structured regulatory cooperation framework 
on financial services and a forum that will discuss the adoption and withdrawal of equivalence decisions.  
This forum does not restrict the EU's nor the UK's unilateral powers to revoke equivalence decisions and implement 
any other regulatory measures each of them considers appropriate. Besides, the EU has extended the equivalence 
decision allowing EU banks to continue using central counterparty clearing houses (CCPs) in the UK until mid-
2025. While regulatory uncertainty may remain a general risk, the impact for the Group is limited because (i) TSB, 
as a ring-fenced UK subsidiary operating in the UK retail market, is largely unaffected by Brexit-related issues 
other than risks relating to the UK's macroeconomic performance; and (ii) the London branch (Banco Sabadell 
London) is a limited services branch which was included by the UK regulator in its permanent permissions regime 
scheme, with effect from 1 September 2022. 
The UK political and regulatory developments described above, along with any further changes in government 
structure and policies, may lead to market volatility and changes to the fiscal, monetary, and regulatory landscape

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
to which the Group is subject and could have a material adverse effect on its financing availability and terms and, 
more generally, on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Mexico and the U.S. 
Finally, the Group is also sensitive to developments in other economies, such as Mexico (with gross income of 
€148 million as of 31 December 2022) and the U.S. (in which the balance of loans and customer deposits by the 
Corporate and Private Banking USA division amounted to c. U.S.$6.3 billion and c. U.S.$3.8 billion, respectively, 
as of 31 December 2022). Given the Group's banking operations in Mexico and the U.S., unfavourable economic 
conditions in those countries, arising as a consequence of, amongst others, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, 
political instability, fluctuations in the U.S. dollar and Mexican peso exchange rates, adverse developments in the 
real estate market, fluctuations in oil prices, or a sharp tightening in financial conditions in the U.S. and/or Mexico 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
2. RISKS RELATING TO THE BUSINESS OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
The Group is exposed to risk of loss from legal and regulatory claims 
The Group is, and in the future may be, involved in various claims, disputes, legal proceedings and governmental 
investigations in jurisdictions where the Group is active. These types of claims and proceedings may expose the 
Group to monetary damages, direct or indirect costs or financial loss, civil and criminal penalties, loss of licenses 
or authorisations, or loss of reputation, as well as the potential for regulatory restrictions on the Group's businesses, 
all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects.  
In particular, provisions for the possible reimbursement of amounts paid as a result of the application of mortgage 
floor clauses, whether as a result of the hypothetical voiding by the courts of law of floor clauses or due to the 
implementation of Royal Decree-Law 1/2017 of 20 January on measures to protect consumers regarding floor 
clauses, amounted to €99 million as of 31 December 2022 (€114 million as of 31 December 2021). In the highly 
adverse scenario in which all potential existing claims from customers for reimbursement of amounts paid as a 
result of the application of mortgage floor clauses are made both through the procedures established by the Group 
in accordance with Royal Decree-Law 1/2017, of 20 January, and through court proceedings applying the 
percentages set forth in the current agreement, the maximum contingency would amount to €114 million, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Bank and its Group are subject to substantial regulation and regulatory and governmental oversight. 
Adverse regulatory developments or changes in government policy in any of the jurisdictions where the Group 
operates could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects 
The financial services industry is among the most highly regulated industries in the world. In response to the global 
financial crisis of 2008 and the European sovereign debt crisis, governments, regulatory authorities and others 
have made and continue to make proposals to reform the regulatory framework for the financial services industry 
to enhance its resilience against future crises.  
As a result, the current market environment is witnessing increased levels of government and regulatory 
intervention in the banking sector (that is expected to continue for the foreseeable future) and a changing regulatory 
framework which is likely to undergo further significant change, and the Bank's operations are subject to on-going 
regulation and associated regulatory risks, including the effects of changes in laws, regulations, policies and their 
interpretations in Spain, the EU and the other markets in which it operates. This, together with regulatory 
fragmentation, with some countries implementing new and more stringent standards or regulations (which could 
adversely affect the Bank's ability to compete with financial institutions based in other jurisdictions and may make 
the Group face higher compliance costs), creates significant uncertainty for the Bank and the financial industry in 
general. In addition, the institutional structure in Europe for supervision, with the single supervisory mechanism 
("SSM"), and for resolution, with the single resolution mechanism ("SRM"), could also lead to changes in the 
future.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
Furthermore, regulatory authorities now have substantial discretion in how to regulate banks, and this discretion, 
and the means available to the regulators, have been steadily increasing during recent years. Regulation may be 
imposed on an ad hoc basis by governments and regulators in response to a crisis, and these may especially affect 
financial institutions such as the Bank.  
In particular, the business and operations of the Bank are increasingly subject to significant rules and regulations 
required to conduct banking and financial services business. These requirements apply to business operations, 
affect financial returns, include reserve and reporting requirements, and prudential and conduct of business 
regulations, and are set by the relevant central banks and regulatory authorities that authorise, regulate and 
supervise the Bank in the jurisdictions in which it operates. The supervisors' continuing supervision of financial 
institutions is conducted through a variety of regulatory tools, including the collection of information by way of 
prudential returns, reports obtained from skilled persons, visits to firms and regular meetings with management to 
discuss issues such as performance, risk management and strategy. In general, these regulators have a more 
outcome-focused regulatory approach that involves more proactive enforcement and more punitive penalties for 
infringement. As a result, the Bank faces increased supervisory scrutiny (resulting in increasing internal 
compliance costs and supervision fees) and, in the event of a breach of its regulatory obligations, it is likely to face 
more stringent regulatory fines.  
The wide range of recent regulatory actions or current proposals which most significantly affect the Group include, 
among others, provisions for more stringent regulatory capital, funding and liquidity standards, restrictions on 
compensation practices or special bank levies and financial transaction taxes. For example, on 29 December 2022, 
Spain enacted Law 38/2022 for the establishment of temporary levies on energy and credit institutions and the 
creation of the temporary solidarity tax for high-net-worth individuals (Ley 38/2022, de 27 de diciembre, para el 
establecimiento de gravámenes temporales energético y de entidades de crédito y establecimientos financieros de 
crédito y por la que se crea el impuesto temporal de solidaridad de las grandes fortunas, y se modifican 
determinadas normas tributarias). This law creates a temporary levy for credit institutions operating in Spain with 
a total interest and commission income in the year ended 31 December 2019 equal to or greater than €800 million 
(on an individual or a consolidated basis). This bank levy will apply during the years 2023 and 2024 (unless the 
Spanish Government decides to make this levy permanent) and taxes, at a rate of 4.8 per cent., the sum of the net 
interest income and commission income and expenses derived from the activity carried out in Spain. Amounts 
payable for the proposed levy will not be tax deductible in the taxable base for the purposes of the Corporate 
Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades). Moreover, the law expressly prohibits the direct or indirect pass-through 
of payments of the levy and failure to comply with this obligation would result in sanctions to the corresponding 
credit institution in the amount of 150 per cent. of the amount passed through. 
In addition, on 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a legislative package proposal to adjust and 
strengthen the European Union’s existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance framework (the "CMDI 
Proposal"). The package implies the review of the BRRD and SRM Regulation frameworks as well as a separate 
legislative proposal to amend Directive 2014/49/EU, of 16 April, on deposit guarantee schemes ("Directive 
2014/49"), all with the aim of preserving financial stability, protecting taxpayers' money and providing better 
protection for depositors (including new rules that foresee that all deposits relative to ordinary unsecured claims 
are preferred). However, the CMDI Proposal is subject to further discussion by the European Parliament and the 
Council and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there is a high degree of uncertainty with regards to the proposed 
adjustments and when they will be finally implemented in the European Union. Therefore, the exact impact of 
these adjustments and the potential effects on the Bank cannot be assessed yet. 
Moreover, in the current inflationary context with raising interest rates, the Group has adhered to (i) the extended 
existing code of good practices, and (ii) the new code of good practices established by Royal Decree-Law 19/2022, 
of 22 November 2022, which constitute voluntary sets of measures to support mortgagors in economic difficulty, 
and which are subject to a two-year transitional period. The Group is committed to applying this package of 
measures, which aims to anticipate and alleviate the possible difficulties that some households may face in the 
future in paying the mortgage on their primary residence as a result of the rise in interest rates. The Group’s non-
performing loan ("NPL") ratio could eventually be materially affected in the coming years as a result of rising 
inflation and interest rates, together with the application of the abovementioned codes of good practices. 
Any required changes to the Bank's business operations resulting from the applicable legislation and regulations 
and/or the creation of new taxes and levies could result in significant loss of revenue, limit the Bank's ability to 
pursue business opportunities in which it might otherwise consider engaging, affect the value of assets that the 
Bank holds, require the Bank to increase its prices and therefore reduce demand for its products, impose additional 
costs on the Bank or otherwise adversely affect the Bank's businesses. Future liquidity standards could require the 
Bank to maintain a greater proportion of its assets in highly-liquid but lower-yielding financial instruments, which

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
would negatively affect its net interest margin. In addition, some of the regulators are focusing intently on 
consumer protection and conduct risk and will continue to do so, including a focus on the design and operation of 
products, the behaviour of customers and the operation of markets. Given the inherent unpredictability of litigation 
and the evolution of judgements by the relevant authorities, it is possible that an adverse outcome in some of these 
or other matters could harm the reputation of the Bank or have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects arising from any penalties imposed or compensations awarded, 
together with the costs of defending against any such actions, thereby reducing the Group's profitability. Moreover, 
the Bank's regulators periodically review the Bank's allowance for loan losses. Such regulators may recommend 
the Bank to increase such allowances or recognise further losses. Any such additional provisions for loan losses, 
as required by these regulatory agencies, whose views may differ from those of the Bank's management, could 
have an adverse effect on the Bank's earnings and financial condition. See "Regulation—Capital, liquidity and 
funding requirements". 
Adverse regulatory developments or changes in government policy relating to any of the foregoing or other matters 
could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Implementation of capital requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects 
Increasingly onerous capital requirements constitute one of the Bank's main regulatory challenges. Increasing 
capital requirements may adversely affect the Bank's profitability and create regulatory risk associated with the 
possibility of failure to maintain required capital levels.  
In 2011, the framework known as Basel III, which is a full set of reform measures to strengthen the regulation, 
supervision and risk management of the banking sector, was introduced (see "Regulation—Capital, liquidity and 
funding requirements"). This aimed to boost the banking sector's ability to absorb impacts caused by financial and 
economic stress, improve risk management and corporate governance, and improve banking transparency and 
disclosures. Concerning capital, Basel III redefined available capital at financial institutions (including new 
deductions and raising the requirements for eligible equity instruments), tightened the minimum capital 
requirements, compelled financial institutions to operate permanently with surplus capital (capital "buffers"), and 
included new requirements for the risks considered. 
The amendments to the solvency requirements of credit institutions and various transparency regulations, from the 
practical standpoint, grant priority to high-quality capital (CET1), introducing stricter eligibility criteria and more 
stringent ratios, in a bid to guarantee higher standards of capital adequacy in the financial sector. 
The ECB is required under Council Regulation (EU) No 1024/2013, of 15 October, conferring specific tasks on 
the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the "SSM Regulation") 
to carry out, at least on an annual basis, a supervisory review and evaluation process (the "SREP"). Thus, additional 
"Pillar 2" capital (see "Regulation—Capital, liquidity and funding requirements") may be imposed for each of the 
European credit institutions subject to the SSM Regulation and accordingly requirements may change from year 
to year. As a result of the SREP carried out by the ECB and communicated by the Bank on 15 December 2022, 
the Bank is required to maintain, on a consolidated basis, a CET1 phased-in capital ratio of 8.65 per cent. and a 
minimum phased-in total capital ratio of 13.09 per cent. These ratios include the minimum capital ratio required 
under "Pillar 1" (8 per cent., of which 4.50 per cent. corresponds to CET1) and the additional capital under P2R 
(2.15 per cent., of which 1.21 per cent. must be covered with CET1), the capital conservation buffer (2.50 per 
cent.), the requirement arising from its consideration as O-SII (as defined in section "Regulation—Capital, liquidity 
and funding requirements") (0.25 per cent.) and the counter-cyclical capital buffer (0.19 per cent.), consisting of 
the weighted average of the counter-cyclical capital buffer rates that apply in the jurisdictions where the Bank's 
relevant credit exposures are located. In this regard, further to its decision on 11 March 2020 to set the counter-
cyclical buffer rate at 0 per cent., the Bank of England's Financial Policy Committee ("FPC") announced on 13 
December 2021 the increase of the counter-cyclical capital buffer rate to 1 per cent. effective within 12 months 
from announcement (i.e. from 13 December 2022). On 5 July 2022, the FPC announced a further increase to 2 per 
cent. effective from 5 July 2023 (see "Regulation—Capital, liquidity and funding requirements"). 
On an individual basis, the required CET1 phased-in capital ratio applicable to the Bank further to the ECB decision 
in December 2022 is 8.40 per cent. and the phased-in total capital ratio is 12.84 per cent. This requirement includes 
the minimum required by "Pillar 1" (8 per cent., of which 4.50 per cent. corresponds to CET1), the P2R (2.15 per 
cent., of which 1.21 per cent. has to be met with CET1), the capital conservation buffer (2.50 per cent.) and the 
counter-cyclical capital buffer, which, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, is 0.19 per cent.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
As of 31 March 2023, the Bank's CET1 phased-in capital ratio was 12.78 per cent. and its phased-in total capital 
ratio was 18.09 per cent., on a consolidated basis, and 13.30 per cent. and 18.39 per cent., respectively, on an 
individual basis. Such ratios are greater than the applicable regulatory requirements described above, but there can 
be no assurance that the total capital requirements ("Pillar 1" plus P2R plus "combined buffer requirement") 
imposed on the Bank and/or the Group from time to time may not be higher than the levels of capital available at 
such point in time. There can also be no assurance as to the result of any future SREP carried out by the ECB and 
whether this will impose any further "Pillar 2" additional capital on the Bank and/or the Group. 
Any failure by the Bank and/or the Group to maintain its minimum "Pillar 1" capital requirements, any "Pillar 2" 
additional capital and/or any "combined buffer requirement" could result in administrative actions or sanctions, 
which, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on the Group's results of operations. In particular, any failure to 
maintain any additional capital requirements pursuant to the "Pillar 2" framework or any other capital requirements 
to which the Bank and/or the Group is or becomes subject (including the "combined buffer requirement") may 
result in the imposition of restrictions or prohibitions on "discretionary payments" by the Bank, including dividend 
payments.  
Any failure by the Bank and/or the Group to comply with its regulatory capital requirements could also result in 
the imposition of further "Pillar 2" requirements and the adoption of any early intervention or, ultimately, resolution 
measures by resolution authorities pursuant to Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms ("BRRD I") as amended by Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD 
II" and together with BRRD I, the "BRRD"), which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business 
and operations. The BRRD I was implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015, of 18 June, on the Recovery and 
Resolution of Credit Institutions and Investment Firms (Ley 11/2015 de 18 de junio de Recuperación y Resolución 
de Entidades de Crédito y Empresas de Servicios de Inversión) ("Law 11/2015") as amended by Royal Decree-
Law 11/2017, of 23 June, on urgent measures in financial matters (Real Decreto-ley 11/2017, de 23 de junio, de 
medidas urgentes en materia financiera) ("RDL 11/2017") and together with Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 
November, implementing Law 11/2015, of 18 June (Real Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, por el que se 
desarrolla la Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio) ("RD 1012/2015") and the BRRD II has been partially implemented in 
Spain through Royal Decree-Law 7/2021, of 27 April, amending Law 11/2015 ("RDL 7/2021"). Despite that RDL 
7/2021 is generally enforceable since 29 April 2021, the Spanish Parliament decided on 19 May 2021 to process 
it as a Bill and so RDL 7/2021 provisions may be subject to changes. 
In addition, the BRRD regime prescribes that banks meet, at all times, a minimum requirement for own funds and 
eligible liabilities (known as "MREL"). On 11 January 2023, the Bank announced that it had received 
communication from the Bank of Spain regarding its MREL and subordination requirements on a consolidated 
basis, as determined by the Single Resolution Board ("SRB").  
As a result of such determination, the Bank needs to meet the following requirements from 1 January 2024:  
 
The minimum requirement for MREL is 22.22 per cent. of the total risk exposure amount ("TREA") and 
6.36 per cent. of the leverage ratio exposure ("LRE"). 
 
The subordination requirement is 17.23 per cent. of TREA and 6.36 per cent. of LRE. 
In addition, the following interim requirements must be met from 1 January 2022: 
 
The interim MREL requirement is 21.05 per cent. of TREA and 6.22 per cent. of LRE. 
 
The interim subordination requirement is 14.45 per cent. of TREA and 6.06 per cent. of LRE. 
The own funds used by the Bank to meet the "combined buffer requirement" could not be used to meet its MREL 
and subordination requirements expressed in terms of TREA. As of 31 March 2023, including the "combined 
buffer requirement" (2.94 per cent.) and IFRS 9 transitional arrangements, the Group's MREL was 27.57 per cent. 
of RWAs (of which 23.82 per cent. was subordinated) and 8.65 per cent. of LRE (of which 7.47 per cent. was 
subordinated).  
It should not be disregarded that new and more demanding additional capital requirements may be applied in the 
future, notably once the final Basel III reforms are implemented in the EU. In this regard, the European

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
Commission published on 27 October 2021 legislative proposals which aim to complete the post-crisis reforms 
and to faithfully implement the outstanding elements of the Basel III reform in the EU (see "Regulation—Capital, 
liquidity and funding requirements"). 
Overall, there can be no assurance that the implementation of the new capital requirements, standards and 
recommendations will not adversely affect the Bank's ability to make discretionary payments (see "Regulation—
Capital, liquidity and funding requirements") or require the Bank to issue additional securities that qualify as 
regulatory capital, to liquidate assets, to curtail business or to take any other actions, any of which may have 
adverse effects on the Bank's business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, increased capital 
requirements may negatively affect the Bank's return on equity and other financial performance indicators. 
Compliance with anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing rules involves significant cost and effort 
The Group is subject to rules and regulations regarding money laundering and the financing of terrorism which 
have become increasingly complex and detailed, require improved systems and sophisticated monitoring and 
compliance personnel and have become the subject of enhanced government supervision. Although the Group 
believes that its current policies and procedures are sufficient to comply with applicable rules and regulations, it 
cannot guarantee that the Group-wide anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing policies and procedures 
completely prevent situations of money laundering or terrorism financing. Any of such events may have severe 
consequences, including sanctions, fines and notable reputational consequences, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Credit and Liquidity Risks 
The Group's business is significantly affected by credit and counterparty risk 
The Group is exposed to the creditworthiness of its customers and counterparties. Despite the risk control measures 
it has in place (including regular review of its exposure to clients and counterparties, economic sectors and regions), 
payment defaults may arise from events that are unforeseeable or difficult to predict or detect. A default by a 
significant financial counterparty, or liquidity problems in the financial services industry in general, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Market turmoil and economic weakness, especially in Spain, could adversely affect the Group's clients, which 
could in turn impair the Group's loan portfolio. One of the business segments on which the Group focuses is small 
and medium-sized enterprises ("SMEs") in Spain (representing 20.1 per cent. of the Group's total credit portfolio 
as of 31 December 2022). SMEs are particularly sensitive to adverse developments in the economy, rendering the 
Group's lending activities relatively riskier than if it lent primarily to higher-income customers.  
In addition, in a scenario of economic slowdown or recession, if the unemployment rate increases or interest rates 
continue to increase, the creditworthiness of the Group's customers may deteriorate.  
A weakening in customer and counterparties creditworthiness could require an increase in provisions for bad and 
doubtful debts and other provisions, as well as impact the Group's capital adequacy. The regulatory capital levels 
the Group is required to maintain are calculated as a percentage of its risk-weighted assets ("RWAs"). The RWAs 
consist of the Group's balance sheet, off-balance sheet and other market and operational risk positions, measured 
and risk-weighted according to regulatory criteria and are driven by, among other things, the risk profile of its 
assets, which include its lending portfolio. If the creditworthiness of a customer or a counterparty declines, the 
Group would lower their rating, which would result in an increase in its RWAs, which potentially could deteriorate 
the Group's capital adequacy ratios and limit its lending or investments in other operations.  
As explained under "Unfavourable global economic conditions, and, in particular, in Spain, or any deterioration 
in the Spanish or general European financial systems, could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the Bank and its Group" above, during the crisis caused 
by the COVID-19 pandemic, actions taken by central banks to mitigate the impact of the restrictions on activity 
adopted to curb spread of the pandemic allowed for an increase in the volume of credit for the first time since the 
global financial crisis, and credit institutions have continued to provide financing to the non-financial private 
sector. The criteria applied for the granting of new loans was generally determined by risk considerations, with 
both public guarantees and loan moratoriums being key in this respect in order for the flow of credit to reach 
vulnerable companies and households most affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.  
Despite the sharp drop in GDP in 2020, the NPL ratio in Spain improved in 2021 and 2022 in clear contrast to past 
crises. In this sense, evidence has shown that the measures implemented by the relevant authorities to mitigate the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
impact of the pandemic have been effective to delay (and also reduce) the appearance of delinquencies on the 
balance sheets of banking institutions. However, the drop in the NPL ratio could be reverted in the coming months 
due to the current inflationary environment as worsened by the war in Ukraine, including by the increase in energy 
prices and food, that is pressuring households, and the geopolitical turmoil, as explained under "Unfavourable 
global economic conditions, and, in particular, in Spain, or any deterioration in the Spanish or general European 
financial systems, could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects of the Bank and its Group" above. Consequently, it is essential that banks consider any signs of 
latent credit deterioration, in particular the monitoring of loans under special surveillance, which have increased 
significantly, or the study of the credit situation in the entire banking system of the companies that have accessed 
the guarantee programs, which may show signs of weakness. The monitoring of expired moratoriums also shows 
the high rate of doubtful assets. In this context, it should not be ruled out that a credit deterioration could materialise 
to a greater degree in the coming quarters. 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Liquidity risk is inherent in the Group's operations and volatility in global financial markets, particularly in the 
inter-bank and debt markets, which could materially adversely affect the Group's liquidity position and credit 
volume 
The Group's main source of liquidity and funding is its customer deposit base, as well as on-going access to 
wholesale lending markets, including senior unsecured and subordinated bonds, interbank deposits, mortgage and 
public sector covered bonds and short-term commercial paper. In recent years, however, the prevalence of 
historically low interest rates has resulted in customers favouring alternative financial products with greater 
profitability potential over savings accounts or certificates of deposit. 
Since the Group relies on current accounts, deposits and commercial paper for a material portion of its funding 
(accounting for 62.3 per cent. of the Group's liabilities as of 31 December 2022), it cannot provide any assurance 
that, in the event that its depositors (as of 31 December 2022 and 2021, total deposits represented 82.5 per cent. 
and 84.1 per cent. of the Group's total funding, respectively) withdraw their funds at a rate faster than the rate at 
which borrowers repay their loans or in the event of a sudden or unexpected shortage of funds in the banking 
systems or money markets in which the Group operates or a loss of confidence (including as a result of political 
or social tensions in the regions where it operates or political initiatives, including bail-in and/or confiscation 
and/or taxation of creditors' funds), the Group will be able to maintain its current levels of funding without 
incurring higher funding costs or having to liquidate certain of its assets, which could result in a material adverse 
effect on the Group's liquidity, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Although the Group places significant emphasis on liquidity risk management and focuses on maintaining a buffer 
in liquid assets, the Group is exposed to the general risk of liquidity shortfalls and cannot ensure that the procedures 
in place to manage such risks will be adequate to mitigate liquidity risk. 
In addition, in terms of funding the Bank has also taken advantage of the financing provided by the ECB through 
various of its long term refinancing operations, in particular through the Targeted Long Terms Refinancing 
Operations in June 2016 and March 2017 ("TLTRO II"). In the TLTRO II windows, the Bank was allocated 
funding amounting to €20,500 million which were fully repaid between 26 June 2019 and 24 June 2020. In 2020 
the ECB announced measures designed to mitigate the impact arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, which 
included easing the conditions for Targeted Long Terms Refinancing Operations ("TLTRO III"). On 24 June 
2020, concurrently with the repayment of the TLTRO II, the Bank requested and received a withdrawal of €27,000 
million from TLTRO III. In addition, on 24 March 2021 the Bank requested a further withdrawal of €5,000 million 
from TLTRO III. Thus, as of 31 December 2022, ECB funding represented 8.8 per cent. of the Bank's total equity 
and total liabilities. On 27 October 2022, the Governing Council of the ECB announced monetary policy decisions 
which changed the terms and conditions of the third round of TLTRO III, in particular, by indexing the interest 
rate on TLTRO III operations to the average applicable key ECB interest rates over this period, neutralising part 
of the economic benefits of maintaining TLTROs to their final maturity. As a result, the Group early repaid €10 
billion during the course of 2022. There can be no assurance that the Bank will be able to refinance this 
indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, however, and any failure to achieve its refinancing 
strategy would have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The ECB has established criteria to determine which assets are eligible collateral and the Bank is thus exposed to 
the risk that the ECB changes its criteria and the assets the Bank holds become ineligible for use as collateral under

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
the new criteria, that the valuation rules are changed or that the costs of using the refinancing facilities increase. If 
the value of the Bank's eligible assets decline, then the amount of funding it can obtain from the ECB or other 
central banks will be correspondingly reduced, which could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's liquidity. 
If these facilities and similar expansionary economic policies were to be withdrawn or ceased, there is no assurance 
that the Bank would be able to continue to maintain its current levels of funding without incurring higher funding 
costs or having to liquidate certain assets, potentially at significant discounts to book value, to meet its obligations, 
with a corresponding negative impact on capital. 
Finally, the implementation of internationally accepted liquidity ratios might require changes in business practices 
that affect the profitability of the Bank's business activities. 
In this regard, the liquidity coverage ratio ("LCR"), a quantitative liquidity standard developed by the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision ("BCBS") to ensure that banking organisations have sufficient high-quality 
liquid assets to cover expected net cash outflows over a 30-day liquidity stress period, was set at 100 per cent. in 
2018. Banco Sabadell's consolidated LCR was 220 per cent. as of 31 March 2023 (see "Regulation" below). 
Likewise, the BCBS's net stable funding ratio ("NSFR") was developed to provide a sustainable maturity structure 
of assets and liabilities such that banks maintain a stable funding profile in relation to their on and off-balance 
sheet activities. Although it was contemplated in the Basel III phase-in arrangements document, its implementation 
was postponed by CRR II (as defined in the Conditions) until June 2021, the regulatory minimum requirement 
being 100 per cent. Given the Group's funding structure, with a preponderance of customer deposits, and as the 
majority of its market funding is in the medium/long term, the Group's NSFR ratio remained above 100 per cent., 
standing according to the Group's best estimates as of 31 March 2023 at 141 per cent. 
Any reduction in the Bank's credit rating could increase its cost of funding, adversely affect its interest margins 
and make its ability to raise new funds or renew maturing debt more difficult 
The Bank is rated by various credit rating agencies. In this regard, on 21 April 2023 S&P reaffirmed the Bank's 
long-term rating of BBB and changed its outlook from stable to positive. On 7 February 2023, Fitch reaffirmed 
the Bank's long-term rating of BBB- with a stable outlook. Moreover, on 7 July 2022, DBRS reaffirmed the Bank's 
rating. Likewise, on 7 November 2022 Moody’s affirmed the Bank’s long-term senior debt rating at Baa3 with a 
positive outlook. 
As a result, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank's long-term ratings are BBB with a positive outlook 
by S&P, Baa3 with a positive outlook by Moody's for senior unsecured debt, A (low) with a stable outlook by 
DBRS and BBB- with a stable outlook by Fitch. 
The Bank's credit ratings are an assessment by rating agencies of its ability to pay its obligations when due. Any 
actual or anticipated decline in the Bank's credit ratings to below investment grade or otherwise may increase the 
cost of, and decrease its ability to, finance itself in the capital markets, secured funding markets (by affecting its 
ability to replace downgraded assets with better rated ones), interbank markets, through wholesale deposits or 
otherwise, harm its reputation, require the Bank to replace funding lost due to the downgrade, which may include 
the loss of customer deposits, and make third parties less willing to transact business with the Bank or otherwise 
materially adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Furthermore, any 
decline in the Bank's credit ratings to below investment grade or otherwise could breach certain agreements or 
trigger additional obligations under such agreements, such as a requirement to post additional collateral, which 
could materially adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Business, Industry and Market Risks 
The cyclical nature of the real estate industry may adversely affect the Group's operations 
The Group is exposed to market fluctuations in the price of real estate in various ways, as mortgage loans are one 
of the Group's main assets (representing 57.2 per cent. of its total performing loan portfolio as of 31 December 
2022) and a significant portion of TSB's revenue is derived from interest and fees paid on its mortgage portfolio. 
Under certain circumstances, the Group takes title to the real estate assets securing a mortgage loan, either in 
connection with the surrender of the assets in settlement of the debt or the purchase of the assets or pursuant to 
legal proceedings to repossess the assets. Therefore, declines in property prices decrease the value of the real estate 
collateral securing the Group's mortgage loans and failure of the real estate market to recover or declining real 
estate prices could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
In addition, the rate of the Group's NPLs in the real estate development sector has been significantly higher than 
those in other sectors. As of 31 December 2022, 6.9 per cent. of the Group's loans to the real estate development 
sector were non-performing compared to its overall average of 3.4 per cent. (excluding assets covered by the asset 
protection scheme ("APS") entered into by the Bank with the Deposit Guarantee Fund in relation to the Banco 
CAM, S.A.U. ("Banco CAM") acquisition). Failure to recover the expected value of collateral in the case of 
foreclosure may expose the Group to losses which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's business is subject to fluctuations in interest rates 
The Group's results of operations depend upon the level of its net interest income, which is the difference between 
interest income from loans and other interest-earning assets and interest expense paid to its depositors and other 
creditors on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income contributed 76.8 per cent. and 70.4 per cent. of the 
Group's gross income (excluding gains from a sale of financial assets) in the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
2021, respectively.  
As approximately 40 per cent. of the Group’s Spanish loan portfolio as of 31 December 2022 consisted of variable 
interest rate loans, its business is sensitive to volatility in interest rates. Less than €0.7 billion had interest rate 
floors (which mitigate in part the Group's exposure to interest rate decreases within a predetermined range). 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Group's control, including fiscal and monetary 
policies of governments and central banks and regulation of the financial sectors in the markets in which it operates, 
as well as domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors. In particular, interest 
rates were negatively impacted by the debt securities purchase programme established by the ECB in March 2020 
to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which was finally discontinued at the end of March 2022. 
Moreover, the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the associated sanctions are contributing to further 
increases in the prices of energy, oil and other commodities, and further disrupting supply chains. Such an increase 
in commodity prices adds to a context of already extraordinarily high inflation rates in Spain, in the UK and in 
most developed countries. In this situation, central banks have abandoned the low interest rate environment, 
increasing interest rates progressively in order to address and reduce inflation. As explained under "Unfavourable 
global economic conditions, and, in particular, in Spain, or any deterioration in the Spanish or general European 
financial systems, could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects of the Bank and its Group" above, the ECB announced on 16 March 2023 that the interest rates on 
the main refinancing operations, the interest rates on the marginal lending facility and the deposit facility would 
be increased to 3.50 per cent., 3.75 per cent. and 3.00 per cent., respectively, with effect from 22 March 2023. 
Changes in market interest rates could affect the spread between interest rates charged on interest-earning assets 
and interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities and thereby affect the Group’s results of operations. An 
increase in interest rates, for instance, could cause the Group’s interest expense on deposits to increase more 
significantly and quickly than its interest income from loans, resulting in a reduction in its net interest income as 
often its liabilities will re-price more quickly than its assets. Further, an increase in interest rates may reduce the 
demand for loans and the Group’s ability to originate loans, and contribute to an increase in credit default rates 
among the Group’s customers. Conversely, a decrease in the general level of interest rates may adversely affect 
the Group through, among other things, increased pre-payments on its loan and mortgage portfolio, lower net 
interest income from deposits, reduced demand for deposits and increased competition for deposits and loans to 
clients. Changes in interest rates may therefore have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to sovereign debt risk and losses in the market value of the positions held in financial 
assets 
As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s investment securities (not including equity investments and shares and other 
variable income securities) were carried on its balance sheet at a fair value of €27,547 million, representing 10.96 
per cent. of its total assets. As of that date, €17.4 billion, or 63.02 per cent. of such investment securities, consisted 
of securities issued by the Spanish government, autonomous community governments, municipal councils, Spanish 
government agencies (such as the Sociedad de Gestión de Activos Procedentes de la Reestructuración Bancaria 
(the “SAREB”) and securitisation vehicles which issue bonds guaranteed by the Kingdom of Spain (such as the 
Fondo de Amortización del Déficit Eléctrico or “FADE”).  
Any decline in Spain’s credit ratings could adversely affect the value of Spain’s, Spanish autonomous 
communities’ and other Spanish issuers’ respective securities held by the Group in its various portfolios and could

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
also adversely impact the extent to which the Group can use the Spanish government bonds it holds as collateral 
for ECB refinancing and, indirectly, for refinancing with other securities. Likewise, any permanent reduction in 
the value of Spanish government bonds would be reflected in the Group’s capital position and would adversely 
affect its ability to access liquidity, raise capital and meet minimum regulatory capital requirements. As such, a 
downgrade or series of downgrades in the sovereign rating of Spain and any resulting reduction in the value of 
Spanish government bonds may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, capital position, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. Furthermore, any downgrades of Spain’s ratings may increase the 
risk of a downgrade of the Group’s credit ratings by the rating agencies. 
Besides Spain, the main countries to which the Group had investment securities exposure as of 31 December 2022 
were the UK, Italy and the U.S. with investments of €3.1 billion, €3.1 billion and €1.3 billion, respectively. 
In addition, the Group could incur market value losses in the positions held in financial assets within the trading 
activity, mainly due to the variation of factors by which their prices are affected or quotes, their volatilities or the 
correlations between them. As of 31 December 2022, the Group's trading portfolio amounted to €2,671 million, 
representing 1.06 per cent. of its total assets. 
Operational risks are inherent to the Group's business. In particular, the Group is highly dependent on 
information technology systems 
The Group's business is dependent on its ability to process a large number of transactions efficiently and accurately, 
and is therefore exposed to a variety of operational risks including those resulting from process error, system 
failure, inadequate customer services or the failure of telecommunications or information technology ("IT") 
systems. In particular, banks and their activities are highly dependent on sophisticated IT systems, which are 
vulnerable to a number of problems and need regular upgrading. Failure to implement necessary upgrades or to 
protect the Group's operations from cyber-attacks could result in the loss of customer data or other sensitive 
information or in a major disruption of the Group's IT systems, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
normal operation of its business. 
Likewise, the Group's business activities require it to record and process a large number of transactions and handle 
large amounts of money accurately on a daily basis. The proper functioning of financial control, accounting or 
other data collection and processing systems is critical to the Group's business and to its ability to compete 
effectively. A human or technological failure, error, omission or delay in recording or processing transactions, or 
any other material breakdown in internal controls, could subject the Group to claims for losses from clients, 
including claims for breach of contractual and other obligations, and to regulatory fines and penalties. Further, any 
failure or interruption or breach in security of communications and information systems could result in failures or 
interruptions in the Group's customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, servicing and/or loan 
organisation systems or lead to theft of confidential customer information, computer viruses or other disruptions.  
Moreover, new technologies and technological solutions are continually being released. As such, it is difficult to 
predict the problems the Group may encounter in improving its technologies' functionality. There is no assurance 
that the Group will be able to successfully adopt any such new technologies as critical systems and applications 
become obsolete and better ones become available. Any failure to effectively improve or upgrade the IT 
infrastructures and information management systems in an effective, timely and cost-efficient manner could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group. 
Additionally, the Group faces the risk of theft, fraud or deception carried out by clients, third-party agents, 
employees and managers.  
The Group believes its success depends in part on its well-established and widely recognised brand along with its 
favourable reputation. If the Group is not able to maintain and enhance its brand, its ability to grow may be impaired 
and the Group's business and operating results may be harmed. Any of the above could provoke reputational and/or 
financial harm to the Group, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results 
of operations and prospects. 
The Group's economic hedging may not prevent losses 
If any of the variety of instruments and strategies that the Group uses to economically hedge its exposure to market 
risk is not effective, the Group may incur losses. Many of the Group's strategies are based on historical trading 
patterns and correlations. Unexpected market developments may therefore adversely affect the effectiveness of the 
Group's hedging strategies. Moreover, the Group does not economically hedge all of its risk exposure in all market

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
environments or against all types of risk. If the Group is to suffer a significant loss for which it is not hedged, such 
loss could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
In addition, the Bank is exposed to foreign exchange risk principally relating to the UK (following TSB's 
acquisition), Mexico and the U.S. In particular, the depreciation or appreciation of the pound sterling, the Mexican 
peso or the U.S. dollar against the euro lead to changes in the Group's reported earnings, assets (including RWAs) 
and liabilities, although the Bank enters into derivatives to hedge against foreign exchange risk. Each of these 
factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations, capital 
ratios, and prospects. 
The Group faces increasing consolidation of the competition in its business lines 
The markets in which the Group operates are highly competitive. The Spanish banking sector has experienced a 
phase of particularly fierce competition, in particular due to financial sector reforms that have increased 
competition among both local and foreign financial institutions. There has also been significant consolidation in 
the Spanish banking industry which has created larger and stronger banks with which the Group must now 
compete. This trend is expected to continue in a way that smaller, less-efficient regional banks consolidate into 
larger, more efficient and competitive entities and reducing overcapacity. 
The UK financial services market is also highly competitive and the Group expects such competition to intensify 
in response to competitor behaviour, consumer demand, technological changes, the impact of market consolidation 
and new market entrants, regulatory actions and other factors. The financial services markets in which TSB 
operates are mature, such that growth by any bank typically requires winning market share from competitors. 
The Group also faces competition from non-banking financial institutions and other entities, such as payment and 
e-money institutions, leasing companies, mutual funds, pension funds and insurance companies and, to a lesser 
extent, department stores (for some consumer finance products) and car dealers, as well as from non-banking 
lending entities that operate outside the regulated banking system. Furthermore, "crowdfunding" and other social 
media developments in finance are expected to become more popular as technology further continues to connect 
society. This trend could increase as the digital finance strategy promoted by the European Commission includes 
future initiatives regarding data-sharing by end-users and evolving from the concept of "open banking" to the 
concept of "open finance". The Group cannot be certain that this competition will not adversely affect its 
competitive position. 
In particular, the Group faces the challenge to compete in an ecosystem where the relationship with the consumer 
is based on access to digital data and interactions. This access is increasingly dominated by digital platforms who 
are already eroding the Group's results in very relevant markets such as payments. This privileged access to data 
can be used as a leverage to compete with the Group in other adjacent markets and may reduce its operations and 
margins in core businesses such as lending or wealth management. The alliances that its competitors are starting 
to build with "bigtechs" can make it more difficult for the Group to successfully compete with them and could 
adversely affect it. 
If the Group fails to implement strategies to maintain or enhance its competitive position relative to these improved 
banking and non-banking institutions, the Group's market share may deteriorate and this may have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group may generate less income from fee and other commission based transactions in the future 
Net fee and commission income represented 28.77 per cent. and 29.2 per cent. of the Group's gross income for the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is an important part of its overall profitability. Reduced 
fee and commission income from the Group's Banking Business in Spain (which encompasses the Retail Banking, 
Business Banking and Corporate and Investment Banking business units), the Banking Business in the UK and the 
Banking Business in Mexico business segments, due to the weak performance of foreign exchange markets or 
other financial markets or underperformance (compared to certain benchmarks or the Group's competitors) by 
funds or accounts that the Group manages or investment products that it sells or declines in portfolio values as a 
result of market conditions and increased client perceptions of risk from financial markets may have an adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group's acquisitions and the integration of acquired businesses may expose it to risks 
From time to time, the Group evaluates acquisition opportunities that it believes offer additional value to its 
shareholders and are consistent with its business strategy. Since 2010, the Group has made a number of

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
acquisitions, some of which have been material to the Group (including Banco CAM in 2012, the Banco Mare 
Nostrum, S.A. franchise in Catalonia and Aragon, Lloyds TSB Bank's Spanish branches and Banco Gallego, S.A. 
in 2013 and TSB Banking Group in 2015).  
The Group's ability to benefit from any acquisitions depends in part on its successful integration of the relevant 
businesses. The Group can provide no assurance that its expectations with regards to integration and synergies will 
materialise. In addition, the Group cannot provide assurance that it will, in all cases, be able to manage its growth 
effectively or deliver its strategic growth objectives. Any failure to manage growth effectively could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
Furthermore, the operational integration of entities or businesses which the Group may acquire could prove to be 
difficult and complex and the benefits and synergies obtained from that integration may not be in line with 
expectations. Despite the legal and business due diligence review conducted in respect of the relevant businesses, 
the Group may subsequently uncover information that was not known to it and which may give rise to significant 
new contingencies or to contingencies in excess of the projections made by the Group. 
As a result of any of the above, the Group may fail to meet the targets established in respect of revenue increases, 
cost reductions, return on equity and post-acquisition and integration regulatory capital ratios with respect to 
acquisitions, which could have material adverse effects on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The Group relies on third parties and affiliates for important products and services 
Third party vendors and certain affiliated companies provide key components to the business infrastructure of the 
Group such as loan and deposit servicing systems, back office and business process support, IT production and 
support, internet connections and network access. Relying on these third parties and affiliated companies can be a 
source of operational and regulatory risks to the Group, including with respect to security breaches affecting such 
parties. As the interconnectivity of the Group with these third parties and affiliated companies increases, the Group 
increasingly faces the risk of operational failure with respect to their systems and is also subject to risk with respect 
to security breaches affecting vendors and other parties that, in turn, interact with these service providers. As a 
result, the Group may be required to take steps to protect the integrity of its operational systems, thereby increasing 
its operational costs and potentially decreasing customer satisfaction. 
In addition, any problems caused by these third parties or affiliated companies, including as a result of them not 
providing the Group their services for any reason, or performing their services poorly, could adversely affect the 
Group's ability to deliver products and services to customers and otherwise conduct its business, which could lead 
to reputational damage and regulatory investigations and intervention. Replacing these third-party vendors could 
also entail significant delays and expense. 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The Group is exposed to financial risks deriving from climate change 
The Group, and in general the banking industry, is exposed to climate change through macro- and microeconomic 
transmission channels. In particular, climate change may imply three primary drivers of financial risk that could 
adversely affect the Group: 
 
Transition risks associated with economies seeking to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, that make up the 
vast majority of greenhouse gas emissions, which may lead to changes in government policies, 
technological developments or investor and consumer sentiment. 
 
Physical risks related to extreme weather impacts and longer-term trends, which could result in financial 
losses that could impair asset values and the creditworthiness of its customers. 
 
Liability risks derived from parties who may suffer losses from the effects of climate change and may seek 
compensation from those they hold responsible such as state entities, regulators, investors and lenders. 
Both the ECB "Guide on climate-related and environmental risks" and the report on "Climate-related risk drivers 
and their transmission channels" by the BCBS elaborate on how climate change drivers may impact banks through 
several risk categories.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
The above primary drivers could materialise in, among others, the following financial risks: 
 
Credit risks: credit exposure could increase if climate-related risk drivers reduce borrowers' ability to repay 
and service debt (income effect) or banks' ability to fully recover the value of a loan in the event of default 
(wealth effect). 
 
Market risks: climate change could imply a reduction in financial asset values, including the potential to 
trigger large, sudden and negative price adjustments where climate risk is not yet incorporated into prices. 
Climate change could also lead to a breakdown in correlations between assets or a change in market liquidity 
for particular assets, undermining risk management assumptions. 
 
Liquidity risks: banks' access to stable sources of funding could be reduced as market conditions change. 
Climate-related risk drivers may cause banks' counterparties to draw-down deposits and credit lines. 
 
Operational risks: increasing legal and regulatory compliance risk associated with climate-sensitive 
investments and businesses. 
 
Reputational risks: could also arise from shifting sentiment among customers and increasing attention and 
scrutiny from other stakeholders (investors, regulators, etc.) on its response to climate change. 
If any of these were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects. 
3. RISKS IN RELATION TO THE NOTES 
Risks related to Early Intervention and Resolution  
The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 could materially affect the rights of the Noteholders under, and the 
value of, any Notes 
As further explained in "Regulation—Loss absorbing powers", the Notes may be subject to the Statutory Loss-
Absorption Power and in general to the powers that may be exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as 
defined in the Conditions) under BRRD, Law 11/2015, Regulation (EU) No 806/2014, of 15 July, establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 (the "SRM Regulation I") as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("SRM Regulation II" together with the SRM Regulation I, the "SRM 
Regulation") and any implementing measures.  
The powers set out in the BRRD, as implemented in Spain, and the SRM Regulation will impact how credit 
institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Pursuant 
to Law 11/2015 in the event that the Relevant Resolution Authority considers that the Bank or the Group is in a 
situation of early action or resolution, holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") may be subject on any application 
of the Spanish Bail-in-Power to, among other things, a write-down (including to zero) or conversion into equity or 
other securities or obligations of amounts due under the Notes and additionally may be subject to any Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption in the event that the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the Bank or the Group meets 
the conditions for its resolution or that it will no longer be viable unless such mechanism is applied. The exercise 
of any such powers (or any other resolution powers and tools) may result in such Noteholders losing some or all 
of their investment or otherwise having their rights under the Notes adversely affected, including by a different 
security, which may be worth significantly less than the Notes.  
Condition 18 (Statutory Loss-Absorption Power) provides for the contractual recognition by the Noteholders of 
the Statutory Loss-Absorption Power. 
Under Article 281 of the restated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Legislative Royal Decree 1/2020, 
of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley 
Concursal) (as amended, the "Insolvency Law") read in conjunction with Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 
11/2015, the Issuer will meet subordinated claims after payment in full of unsubordinated claims, but before 
distributions to shareholders, in the following order and pro-rata within each class: (i) late or incorrect claims; (ii) 
contractually subordinated liabilities in respect of principal under instruments that do not constitute Additional 
Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments (as defined in the Conditions), in accordance with Additional Provision

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
14.3.1º of Law 11/2015; (iii) interest (except for accrued and unpaid interest due on instruments that constitute 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments); (iv) fines; (v) claims of creditors which are specially related 
to the Issuer (if applicable) as provided for under the Insolvency Law; (vi) detrimental claims against the Issuer 
where a Spanish Court has determined that the relevant creditor has acted in bad faith (rescisión concursal); (vii) 
claims arising from contracts with reciprocal obligations as referred to in Articles 158 and 160 to 167 of the 
Insolvency Law, wherever the court rules, after the insolvency administrator (administración concursal) has issued 
a report on that matter, that the creditor repeatedly impedes the fulfilment of the contract against the interest of the 
insolvency; (viii) subordinated liabilities of the Issuer under Tier 2 Instruments, in accordance with Additional 
Provision 14.3.2º of Law 11/2015, and (ix) subordinated liabilities of the Issuer under Additional Tier 1 
Instruments, in accordance with Additional Provision 14.3.3º of Law 11/2015. 
In addition, second paragraph of Article 48(7) of BRRD, as implemented in Spain through Additional Provision 
14.3 of Law 11/2015, clarified that if an instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds instrument, the whole 
instrument shall be treated in insolvency as a claim resulting from an own funds instrument and shall rank lower 
than any claim that does not result from an own funds instrument as set out in limbs (viii) and (ix) above. Therefore, 
instruments being fully disqualified as own funds instruments in the future would cease to be treated as claims 
resulting from own funds instruments in insolvency and would, consequently, improve their ranking vis-à-vis any 
claim that results from an own funds instrument (such as the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes for so long as these qualify 
as Tier 2 Instruments).  
Any application of the Statutory Loss-Absorption Power shall be in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in 
normal insolvency proceedings (unless otherwise provided by Applicable Banking Regulations (as defined in the 
Conditions)). Accordingly, the impact of such application on Noteholders will depend on the ranking of the 
relevant Notes in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as depositors. 
In this respect, as indicated in “The Bank and its Group are subject to substantial regulation and regulatory and 
governmental oversight. Adverse regulatory developments or changes in government policy in any of the 
jurisdictions where the Group operates could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, 
results of operations and prospects” above, the CMDI Proposal provides for a general depositor preference in 
insolvency. If the CMDI Proposal is implemented in its current form, this would mean that the Senior Notes 
(including the Ordinary Senior Notes) will rank junior to the claims of all depositors, including deposits of large 
corporates and other deposits that are currently excluded from such privileged claims. Any such general depositor 
preference would also impact upon any application of the Spanish Bail-in Power, as such application is to be 
carried out in the order of the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, this would mean 
that following any such amendment of the insolvency laws of Spain to establish a general depositor preference, 
any resulting write-down or conversion of the Senior Notes (including the Ordinary Senior Notes) by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority would be carried out before any write-down or conversion of the claims of depositors such 
as those of large corporates that, with the current bail-in regime, would have been written-down or converted 
alongside the Senior Notes. By removing the requirement for such deposits to be written-down or converted in this 
manner, one of the stated objectives of this proposed amendment is to reduce the likelihood of deposits generally 
needing to be included in any such write-down or conversion upon any application of the Spanish Bail-in Power 
and improve the process for the application of the Spanish Bail-in Power. However, this may have the 
corresponding impact of increasing the likelihood of any write-down or conversion of the Senior Notes (including 
the Ordinary Senior Notes). However, the exact impact of the CMDI Proposal is not know yet given it is still in 
the form of a legislative proposal and therefore subject to further amendments. See "Regulation". 
To the extent that any resulting treatment of a Noteholder pursuant to the exercise of the Statutory Loss-Absorption 
Power (except as indicated below with respect to the Non-Viability Loss Absorption) is less favourable than would 
have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency proceedings, such Noteholder may have a right to 
compensation under the BRRD and the SRM Regulation based on an independent valuation of the institution, in 
accordance with Article 10 of RD 1012/2015 and the SRM Regulation. Any such compensation, together with any 
other compensation provided by any Applicable Banking Regulations (including, among any such compensation, 
in accordance with Article 36.5 of Law 11/2015) is unlikely to compensate that Noteholder for the losses it has 
actually incurred and there is likely to be a considerable delay in the recovery of such compensation. Compensation 
payments (if any) are also likely to be made considerably later than when amounts may otherwise have been due 
under the affected Notes. In addition, in the case of Non-Viability Loss Absorption effected prior to entry into 
resolution, there is uncertainty as to whether Noteholders would have a right to compensation under the BRRD 
and the SRM Regulation if any resulting treatment of such Noteholder pursuant to the exercise of Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption was less favourable than would have been the case under such hierarchy in normal insolvency 
proceedings.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Further, the exercise of any power under Law 11/2015 with respect to the Notes or the taking by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority of any other action, or any suggestion that the exercise or taking of any such action may 
happen, could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the market price or value or trading behaviour 
of any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes.  There may be limited 
protections, if any, that will be available to holders of securities subject to the Statutory Loss-Absorption Power 
(including the Notes) of the Relevant Resolution Authority.  Accordingly, Noteholders may have limited or 
circumscribed rights to challenge any decision of the Relevant Resolution Authority to exercise its Statutory Loss-
Absorption Power.  
Although the European Banking Authority (the "EBA") has issued guidelines on the treatment of shareholders in 
bail-in or the write-down and conversion of capital instruments and on the rate of conversion of debt to equity in 
bail-in, the exercise of the Statutory Loss-Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to 
the Notes is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may also be outside 
of the Issuer's control.  In addition, as the Relevant Resolution Authority will retain an element of discretion, 
Noteholders may not be able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to anticipate any potential exercise of 
any such Statutory Loss-Absorption Power. Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be difficult to predict when, 
if at all, the exercise of any such powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority may occur. 
This uncertainty may adversely affect the value of the Notes. The price and trading behaviour of the Notes may be 
affected by the threat of a possible exercise of any power under Law 11/2015 (including any early intervention 
measure before any resolution) or any suggestion of such exercise, even if the likelihood of such exercise is remote. 
Moreover, the Relevant Resolution Authority may exercise any such powers without providing any advance notice 
to the Noteholders. 
Noteholders may not be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the adoption of any 
early intervention or resolution measure under Law 11/2015 
The Issuer may be subject to a procedure of early intervention or resolution pursuant to the BRRD as implemented 
through Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015 (as amended by virtue of Royal Decree 1041/2021, of 23 November, 
amending Royal Decree 1012/2015 ("Royal Decree 1041/2021") and as amended or replaced from time to time) 
if the Issuer or its Group is in breach (or due, among other things, to a rapidly deteriorating financial condition, it 
is likely in the near future to be in breach) of applicable regulatory requirements relating to solvency, liquidity, 
internal structure or internal controls or the conditions for resolution referred to above are met (see "The Notes may 
be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. Other powers 
contained in Law 11/2015 could materially affect the rights of the Noteholders under, and the value of, any Notes").   
Pursuant to Law 11/2015 the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure, shall not itself constitute 
an event of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer to exercise any rights it may otherwise have in respect 
thereof and any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to apply. However, this does not 
limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its rights accordingly where an event 
of default arises either before or after the exercise of any such early intervention or resolution procedure and does 
not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied pursuant to Law 
11/2015. 
Any enforcement by a Noteholder of its rights under the Notes upon the occurrence of an Event of Default 
following the adoption of any early intervention or resolution procedure will, therefore, be subject to the relevant 
provisions of the BRRD as implemented through Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015 in relation to the exercise of 
the relevant measures and powers pursuant to such procedure, including the resolution tools and powers referred 
to above (see "The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 could materially affect the rights of the Noteholders under, 
and the value of, any Notes"). Any claims on the occurrence of an Event of Default will consequently be limited 
by the application of any measures pursuant to the provisions of Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015. There can be 
no assurance that the taking of any such action would not adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or 
value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and 
the enforcement by a holder of any rights it may otherwise have on the occurrence of any Event of Default may be 
limited in these circumstances.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
Risks related to the Structure of a Particular Issue of Notes  
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which contain 
particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features including 
factors which may occur in relation to any Notes  
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the Issuer's option, including for taxation reasons or upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event or a Disqualification Event, and subject to certain conditions  
If so specified in the Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the Issuer's option, as further 
described in the Conditions. 
Likewise, if the relevant Final Terms specify the "Clean-Up Redemption Option" as being applicable to the Notes, 
the Issuer may have the option to redeem (in whole but not in part) a specific Series of Notes if a specific 
percentage, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of such 
Series have been previously redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, as further 
described in Condition 12(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-UP Redemption)). 
In addition, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions if (i) the Issuer would 
be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority therein having power to tax and (ii) the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in 
computing taxation liabilities in Spain in respect of any payment of interest to be made on the next Interest Payment 
Date or the value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially reduced, in each case as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including 
a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes. See Condition 12(b) (Redemption for taxation reasons). 
Furthermore, (i) if a Capital Event occurs, the Issuer may redeem in whole, but not in part, any Series of Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes, as further described in Condition 12(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital 
Event)) and (ii) if a Disqualification Event occurs, the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and/or 
the Ordinary Senior Notes where the Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, as applicable, may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, as further described in 
Condition 12(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Disqualification Event)). In particular, Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes where the Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
may be redeemed pursuant to a Disqualification Event only after five years from their date of issuance or such 
other minimum or maximum length as may be permitted or required from time to time by Applicable Banking 
Regulations.  
An optional redemption feature (including any redemption of the Notes at the option of the Issuer pursuant to 
Condition 12(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 12(f) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Clean-Up Redemption)); for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 12(b) (Redemption for taxation reasons); in 
the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes only, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event, as defined in Condition 12(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event)); and in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes (where the Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms), upon the occurrence of a Disqualification Event, as defined in Condition 12(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Disqualification Event))) is likely to limit the market value of Notes. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, or during which there is an actual or perceived 
increased likelihood that the Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will 
not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  
The Issuer may redeem its Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those 
times, an investor would generally not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
It is not possible to predict whether or not any further change in the laws or regulations of Spain, Applicable 
Banking Regulations or, in the case of a redemption of the Notes for taxation reasons, the application and official 
interpretation thereof, or any of the other events referred to above, will occur and so lead to the circumstances in

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
which the Issuer is able to elect to redeem the Notes, and if so whether or not the Issuer will elect to exercise such 
option to redeem the Notes.  
The redemption or purchase by or on behalf of the Issuer of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes that qualify as Tier 2 capital 
of the Issuer at the option of the Issuer is subject to compliance with Applicable Banking Regulatios then in force 
and to the Competent Authority's and/or Relevant Resolution Authority's prior permission and such permission 
will be given only if either of the following conditions is met: 
(a) 
on or before such redemption or purchase of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, the Issuer replaces the Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes with instruments equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its own funds and eligible 
liabilities would, following such action, exceed the requirements laid down in the Capital Requirements 
Regulations and the BRRD by a margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary. 
 
In addition, for the redemption or purchase of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes during the five years following their date 
of issuance the permission of the Competent Authority may be given only if, besides the above mentioned 
conditions, one of the following, among others, is also met: 
(a) 
in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Competent Authority considers 
the change that would cause such Capital Event to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the institution 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the Capital Event was not reasonably 
foreseeable at the time of the issuance of the relevant Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of redemption for taxation reasons, the institution demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Competent Authority that the change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the time of 
issuance of the relevant Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; or 
(c) 
before or at the same time of such redemption or purchase, the institution replaces the relevant Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for its income capacity and the Competent Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances. 
In the case of Senior Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes qualifying as 
TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments, compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations then in force and obtention 
of prior permission of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority is also required for any 
optional redemption or purchase, and there can be no assurances that such permission will be given. According to 
the CRR (as defined in the Conditions), such permission will be given only if any of the following conditions is 
met:  
(a) 
on or before such redemption or purchase, the institution replaces the eligible liabilities instruments with 
own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer;  
(b) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the own funds and 
eligible liabilities of the institution would, following such action, exceed the requirements laid down in 
the Capital Requirements Regulations and the BRRD by a margin that the resolution authority in 
agreement with the competent authority considers necessary; or 
(c) 
the institution has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance with 
the own funds requirements laid down in the Capital Requirements Regulations for continuing 
authorisation. 
The qualification of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes as 
TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments is subject to uncertainty 
The Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and certain Ordinary Senior Notes may be intended to 
be TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments under the Applicable Banking Regulations. However, there remains 
uncertainty as to how the EU Banking Reforms will be applied and interpreted by the relevant authorities and,

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
given that the Spanish Parliament decided on 19 May 2021 to process the RDL 7/2021 as a Bill, as to how the 
RDL 7/2021 provisions may change. 
As a result, the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
or the relevant Ordinary Senior Notes will be (or thereafter remain) TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments. If, for any 
reason they are not TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments or if they initially are TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments 
and subsequently become ineligible due to a change in Spanish law or Applicable Banking Regulations, then a 
Disqualification Event (as defined in the Conditions) will occur, with the consequences indicated in the Conditions. 
See "The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the Issuer's option, including for taxation reasons or upon 
the occurrence of a Capital Event or a Disqualification Event, and subject to certain conditions  
The Notes may be subject to substitution and/or variation without Noteholders' consent  
Subject as provided in the Conditions of the relevant Notes, if a Capital Event, a Disqualification Event or an event 
giving rise to the Issuer being entitled to redeem the Notes under Condition 12(b) (Redemption for taxation 
reasons) occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, and without the consent or approval of the Noteholders, elect either 
(i) to substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes or (ii) to modify the terms of all (but not some only) 
of such Notes, in each case so that they are substituted for, or varied to, become, or remain, Qualifying Notes (as 
defined in the Conditions). While Qualifying Notes must contain terms that are materially not less favourable to 
Noteholders as the original terms of the relevant Notes (other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 18 (Statutory Loss-Absorption Power)), there can be no assurance that the terms of any Qualifying 
Notes will be viewed by the market as equally favourable, or that the Qualifying Notes will trade at prices that are 
equal to the prices at which the Notes would have traded on the basis of their original terms. In the case of Notes 
where the relevant Final Terms specify English law as the governing law (the "English Law Notes"), any change 
in the governing law of such Notes from English law to Spanish law, so that the Notes become or remain Qualifying 
Notes, shall not be subject to the requirement not to be materially less favourable to the interests of the Noteholders.  
Further, prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the Issuer shall not be obliged to have regard to 
the tax position of individual Noteholders or to the tax, regulatory or other consequences of any such substitution 
or variation for individual Noteholders. No Noteholder shall be entitled to claim, whether from the Issuer or any 
other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax, regulatory or other consequence of any such 
substitution or variation upon individual Noteholders. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, this 
may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest 
basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may 
result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the 
spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be 
lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant 
Notes. 
The interest rate on Fixed Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect interest 
payments on an investment in Fixed Reset Notes and could affect the market value of Fixed Reset Notes  
Fixed Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Interest Rate until (but excluding) the First Reset Date. 
On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, 
the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset Margin as determined by 
the Fiscal Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a Subsequent Reset Rate). The 
Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Interest Rate or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Fixed Reset Notes. 
Risks relating to Floating Rate Notes 
Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added 
or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout 
the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the 
reference rate (e.g., every three months or six months) which itself will change in accordance with general market

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
conditions. Accordingly, the market value of floating rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term 
changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate 
of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. Should the reference rate be at any 
time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate be 
lower than the relevant margin.  
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates  
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to their 
original nominal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities.  
The value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing national 
and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks or future discontinuance of benchmarks  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, 
€STR, SONIA or SOFR as specified in the relevant Final Terms or the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. Reference 
rates and indices such as EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA and SOFR and other interest rate or other types of rates and 
indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (each a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks"), to which 
the interest on securities may be linked, have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. This has resulted in regulatory reform and changes to 
existing Benchmarks, with further change anticipated. Such reform of Benchmarks includes the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA 
(the "UK Benchmarks Regulation", and together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the "Benchmarks 
Regulations"). These reforms have resulted in the cessation and loss of representativeness of certain Benchmarks, 
including all London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") currencies and tenors, and may cause in the future 
Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
Benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulations apply, among other things, to the provision of Benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a Benchmark and the use of a Benchmark within the EU and UK, as applicable. Among other things, they 
(i) require Benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based or UK-based, to be subject 
to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU or UK supervised 
entities of Benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK-
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulations could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark, in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulations or are eliminated.  Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
Benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
Benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have (without limitation) 
the following effects on certain Benchmarks (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to the Benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the Benchmark; and/or 
(iii) leading to the disappearance of the Benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes 
as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse 
effect on the value or liquidity of, and/or return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark, or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a Benchmark. 
The working group on euro risk free-rates has published a set of guiding principles and high level recommendations 
for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) 
referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference 
EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
system. On 11 May 2021, the working group on euro risk-free rates published its recommendations on EURIBOR 
fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
In addition, EMMI as administrator of EURIBOR has launched a forward-looking term rate EFTERM as 
alternative to and as new fallback rate for EURIBOR. It is therefore currently not foreseeable whether EURIBOR 
will continue exist permanently and beyond 2025. 
EMMI, as administrator of EURIBOR, has developed a hybrid methodology for the determination of EURIBOR 
that takes into account current transaction data, historical transaction data and modelled data based on expert 
opinions and has obtained regulatory authorisation under the EU Benchmarks Regulation for the EURIBOR so 
calculated. However, since reference rates relying on expert opinion and modelled data are widely regarded as 
potentially less representative than reference rates determined in a fully transaction-based approach and because 
central-banks, supervisory authorities, exper groups and relevant markets tend to prefer the use of risk-free 
overnight interest rates with a broad and active underlying market as reference rates, there is a risk that the use or 
provision of EURIBOR may come to an end in the medium or long term. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any of the 
international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or 
referencing a Benchmark. 
Fallback arrangements in respect of Benchmarks may have a material adverse effect on the value and 
liquidity of and return on affected Notes 
Investors should be aware that in the case of Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Reset Notes, the Conditions provide 
for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published Benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate 
such as EURIBOR or other relevant reference rates ceases to exist or be published or another Benchmark Event 
(as defined in the Conditions) occurs. These fallback arrangements include (for reference rates other than SOFR) 
the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be determined by the Issuer, following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), without any separate consent 
or approval of the Noteholders, by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (each as defined in the 
Conditions) and that an Adjustment Spread (as defined in the Conditions) may be applied to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate, together with the making of certain Benchmark Amendments (as defined in the Conditions) 
to the Conditions of such Notes. In certain circumstances, the Adjustment Spread is the spread, formula or 
methodology which the Issuer, following consultation with the an Independent Adviser, determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Noteholders as a 
result of the replacement of the relevant Benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). However, such Adjustment Spread may not be 
effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to Noteholders. The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Rate may result in interest payments that are lower than, or otherwise do not correlate over time with, the payments 
that could have been made on the Notes if the relevant Benchmark continued to be available in its current form. 
In respect of SOFR, the fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be determined 
by a replacement rate determination agent appointed by the Issuer to that effect. The replacement rate determination 
agent may determine the SOFR Replacement (as defined in the Conditions) without any separate consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, by reference to the Relevant Governmental Body Replacement, the ISDA Fallback 
Replacement or the Industry Replacement (each as defined in the Conditions) and that a SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment (as defined in the Conditions) may be applied to such SOFR Replacement, together with the making 
of certain SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes (as defined in the Conditions) to the Conditions of such Notes. 
In certain circumstances, the SOFR Replacement Adjustment may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic 
prejudice to Noteholders. The use of a SOFR Replacement may result in interest payments that are lower than, or 
otherwise do not correlate over time with, the payments that could have been made on the Notes if the SOFR 
continued to be available in its current form. 
Further, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (or SOFR Replacement) will be adopted, nor any Adjustment 
Spread (or SOFR Replacement Adjustment) be applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments (or SOFR 
Replacement Conforming Changes) be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same 
could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as Tier 2 Instruments or TLAC/MREL-
Eligible Instruments (as applicable) for the purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations, or could reasonably 
result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of 
the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as the case may be) may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
or Reset Period being used.  This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes 
based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or, in the case of Fixed Reset Notes, the 
Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page after the most recent Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination 
Date, as applicable.  In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on any such 
Notes.  Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes 
or Fixed Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable 
under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes.  Investors should consider these matters when making their 
investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Reset Notes. 
€STR, SONIA and SOFR are risk-free rates that may differ from inter-bank offered rates and have limited 
history. The market continues to develop in relation to €STR, SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Notes, investors may not be able to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be 
payable on the relevant Notes and any failure of €STR, SONIA and SOFR to gain acceptance could 
adversely affect Noteholders. The relevant administrator of €STR, SONIA and SOFR may make changes 
that could change the value of €STR, SONIA and SOFR or discontinue €STR, SONIA and SOFR  
Where the relevant Final Terms for Floating Rate Notes identifies that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be 
determined by reference to €STR, SONIA or SOFR, the Rate of Interest will be determined by reference to 
Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily €STR Index, Weighted Average €STR, Compounded Daily 
SONIA, Compounded Daily SONIA Index or Compounded Daily SOFR (including SOFR Compound with 
Lookback, SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift, SOFR Compound with Payment Delay and SOFR 
Index with Observation Shift, the latter on the basis of the SOFR Index published on the NY Federal Reserve's 
Website) or SOFR Arithmetic Mean. 
Risk-free rates may differ from EURIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of material respects.  
These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, calculated on a compounded or 
weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank 
offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-
element based on interbank lending.  As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially 
differently to interbank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes.  Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate 
that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to an 
unsecured rate.  For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on 
occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates.   
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history.  For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance.  The level of 
such rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels.  Prior observed patterns, 
if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the 
future.  Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such 
risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
A screen rate based on an observable publicly available average rate or index may evolve over time but there is no 
guarantee of this. Interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference backwards-looking risk free rates are only 
capable of being determined at the end of the relevant observation period and immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in such Floating Rate Notes to estimate reliably the amount 
of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, if the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable, the 
Rate of Interest payable shall be determined on the date such Floating Rate Notes became due and payable. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Floating 
Rate Notes. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to €STR, SONIA and SOFR as reference 
rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative to interbank offered rates. In particular, market 
participants and relevant working groups continue to explore alternative reference rates based on €STR, SONIA 
and SOFR including various ways to produce term versions of €STR, SONIA and SOFR (which seek to measure 
the market's forward expectation of an average €STR, SONIA and SOFR rates over a designated term, as it is an

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
overnight rate). The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of €STR, SONIA and SOFR that 
differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference 
€STR, SONIA or SOFR rates issued under this Base Prospectus. In addition, the methodology for determining any 
overnight rate index by reference to which the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes may be calculated could 
change during the life of the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing €STR, SONIA 
or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous €STR, SONIA 
and SOFR -referenced Notes issued under the Programme. The nascent development of €STR, SONIA and SOFR 
as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of €STR, SONIA and SOFR 
-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity 
or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any €STR, SONIA and SOFR -referenced 
Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. 
Additionally, holders of Notes that reference SOFR are exposed to the risk that such Floating Rate may not be 
widely accepted in the market. The risk of this occurring is mitigated by the fact that SOFR was developed for use 
in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to LIBOR in part because it is 
considered to be a good representation of general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. 
However, as a rate based on transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific 
credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This 
may mean that market participants would not consider SOFR to be a suitable substitute or successor for all of the 
purposes for which LIBOR historically has been used (including, without limitation, as a representation of the 
unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen its market acceptance. Any failure of 
SOFR to gain or maintain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for 
instruments that pay a floating rate of interest referencing SOFR. 
The European Central Bank (or a successor) as administrator of €STR, the Bank of England (or a successor), as 
administrator of SONIA and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor), as administrator of SOFR  
may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of €STR, SONIA and SOFR, respectively, 
including changes related to the method by which €STR, SONIA and SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria 
applicable to the transactions used to calculate €STR, SONIA and SOFR, or timing related to the publication of 
€STR, SONIA and SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of €STR, SONIA or SOFR (in which case the fallback methods of determining the interest rate on 
the relevant Notes will apply). The administrators have no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing €STR, SONIA or SOFR.  
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of €STR, SONIA and SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond 
markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of €STR, SONIA and SOFR in other 
markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between 
the adoption of €STR, SONIA and SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Notes referencing €STR, SONIA and SOFR. 
Further, if €STR, SONIA and SOFR do not prove to be widely used in securities such as the Notes, the trading 
price of such Notes linked to €STR, SONIA and SOFR may be lower than those of Notes linked to indices that are 
more widely used. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such 
Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such relevant 
Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and, to the extent so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Ordinary Senior Notes, provide for limited events of default, and may not be redeemed prior to 
maturity at the option of Noteholders in the event of non-payment of principal or interest 
Noteholders have no ability to accelerate the maturity of their Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes 
and, to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Ordinary Senior Notes. The Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and, to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Ordinary Senior Notes do not provide for any events of default, except in the case that an order is made by any 
competent court commencing insolvency proceedings (procedimientos concursales) against the Issuer, or an order 
is made by any competent court or a resolution is passed for the winding up or liquidation (liquidación) of the 
Issuer. Accordingly, in the event that any payment on the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes or,

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Ordinary Senior Notes, as the case may be, is not made 
when due, each Noteholder will have a claim only for amounts then due and payable on their relevant Notes and a 
right to institute proceedings for the insolvency, winding up or liquidation (liquidación) of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to the CRR, the Issuer is prohibited from including in the Conditions of any Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
that qualify as Tier 2 capital of the Issuer terms that would oblige it to redeem such Tier 2 Subordinated Notes 
prior to their stated maturity at the option or request of Noteholders. As a result, the Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes do not include provisions allowing for early redemption of Subordinated Notes at the option of Noteholders 
other than in case of insolvency or liquidation (liquidación) of the Issuer. 
Likewise, pursuant to the CRR the Issuer is prohibited from including in the terms of any Subordinated Notes, 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes that qualify as TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments 
provisions that give the Noteholder the right to accelerate the future scheduled payment of interest or principal 
other than in case of insolvency or liquidation (liquidación) of the Issuer. 
The terms of the Notes contain a waiver of set-off rights  
The Conditions provide that, if so specified in the Final Terms, Noteholders waive any set-off, netting or 
compensation rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has, may have or acquire against any 
Noteholder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising. As a result, Noteholders will not at any time be entitled to 
set-off the Issuer's obligations under the Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer. 
The rights of Noteholders may be compromised following application of the Insolvency Law and other 
insolvency related procedures 
The Insolvency Law was amended by Law 16/2022, of 5 September (Ley 16/2022, de 5 de septiembre, de reforma 
del texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) with the aim of implementing the restructuring framework required by 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 20 June 2019, on preventive 
restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency 
of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 
2017/1132. Pursuant to Article 583 of the Insolvency Law, credit institutions are not able to file for restructuring 
plans. 
The Insolvency Law provides, among other things, that: (i) any claim may become subordinated if it is not reported 
to the insolvency administrators (administradores concursales) within one month from the last official publication 
of the court order declaring the insolvency in the Spanish Official Gazette, (ii) provisions in a contract granting 
one party the right to suspend, modify or terminate by reason only of the other's insolvency declaration or opening 
of the liquidation phase may not be enforceable, and (iii) interest (other than ordinary interest (i.e. not default 
interest) accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset subject to the security 
and provided that a contingent claim for the interest that may accrue after the insolvency declaration was reported 
to the insolvency administrator within the one month term) shall cease to accrue as from the date of the declaration 
of insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to such date (other than any interest accruing under secured 
liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset subject to the security) shall become subordinated. Any 
payments of interest in respect of debt securities will be subject to the subordination provisions of Article 281.1.3º 
of the Insolvency Law read in conjunction with Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015. Any accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of debt securities under Tier 2 instruments and AT1 instruments (as well as the principal), as of 
commencement of insolvency proceedings, shall constitute subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) which 
will rank after the rest of the subordinated claims included in Article 281 of the Spanish Insolvency Law in the 
order of priority of payment and, thus, will be satisfied subsequent to them in accordance with Additional Provision 
Fourteenth of Law 11/2015. 
The Insolvency Law, in certain instances, also has the effect of modifying or impairing creditors' rights even if the 
creditor, either secured or unsecured, does not consent to the amendment. Secured and unsecured dissenting 
creditors may, among others, be written down or stayed (for up to 10 years in case of composition proposals), 
converted into a different financial instrument or equity of the refinanced or insolvent debtor as well as any other 
company, converted into participating loans (préstamos participativos), exchanged for assets or rights of the 
insolvent or refinanced debtor, no longer benefit from security interests guaranteeing them and even the applicable 
law to the relevant claims may be changed not only once the insolvency has been declared by the judge as a result 
of the approval of a creditors' agreement (convenio concursal), but also as a result of a restructuring plan (plan de 
reestructuración) that has been judicially sanctioned (homologado) without insolvency proceedings having been 
previously opened (e.g. restructuring plans which satisfy certain requirements and are judicially sanctioned), in

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
both scenarios, (i) to the extent that certain qualified majorities are achieved and (ii) unless some exceptions in 
relation to the kind of claims or creditor apply (which would not be the case for the Notes). 
The Insolvency Law contains great flexibility in terms of measures that can be imposed as a consequence of the 
judicial sanction of a restructuring plan. It allows, among others, (i) for the cross-class cram-down of creditors (i.e. 
a restructuring plan that has not been approved by all classes of creditors can eventually bind dissenting creditors 
provided that certain conditions are met), or (ii) a cram-down for dissenting equity-holders if certain conditions 
are met. Once a restructuring plan is judicially sanctioned, it may also allow, among others, to terminate certain 
contracts with reciprocal pending obligations in the interest of the restructuring with the possibility of the 
termination claim being also subject to the effects of the restructuring. 
The majorities legal regime envisaged for the purposes of approving a composition with creditors or a restructuring 
plan also hinges on (i) the type of the specific restructuring measure which is intended to be imposed (e.g., 
extensions, debt reductions, debt for equity swaps, etc.) as well as (ii) on the type of claims to be crammed-down 
(i.e. secured or unsecured, depending on the value of the collateral as calculated pursuant to the rules established 
in the Insolvency Law). Additionally, it must be noted that when voting the approval of a restructuring plan affected 
creditors are grouped in classes of creditors (i.e. creditors of the same ranking which are deemed to share a common 
interest in the context of the eventual restructuring). 
In no case shall subordinated creditors be entitled to adhere to a creditors' agreement during the insolvency 
proceedings, and accordingly, shall be always subject to the measures contained therein, if passed by the relevant 
majorities. For these purposes, liabilities held by those creditors considered specially related persons (personas 
especialmente relacionadas) with the insolvent debtor would not be taken into account for the approval of a 
composition agreement. However, subordinated creditors would be entitled to vote when deciding the approval of 
a restructuring plan. 
As such, certain provisions of the Insolvency Law could affect the ranking of the Notes or claims relating to the 
Notes on an insolvency of the Issuer or in case of approval of a restructuring plan. Additionally, other restructuring 
regimes which may apply were the Issuer to be in financial difficulties (including under the UK's Companies Act 
2006) may also impact claims of holders of Notes against the Issuer. 
Claims in respect of Ordinary Senior Notes are effectively junior to those of certain other creditors  
Upon the insolvency of the Issuer, Ordinary Senior Notes will be effectively subordinated to all of the Issuer's 
secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and other obligations that 
rank senior under Spanish law. In particular, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Ordinary Senior Notes 
will be effectively subordinated to all of the Issuer's obligations that are preferred under the Insolvency Law such 
as the deposits obligations qualifying as preferred liabilities (créditos con privilegio general) under Additional 
Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015. However, as indicated in “The Bank and its Group are subject to substantial 
regulation and regulatory and governmental oversight. Adverse regulatory developments or changes in 
government policy in any of the jurisdictions where the Group operates could have a material adverse effect on 
their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects” above, the CMDI Proposal provides for a 
general depositor preference in insolvency. Therefore, the implementation of the CMDI Proposal in its current 
form would mean that the Senior Notes (including the Ordinary Senior Notes) will rank junior to the claims of all 
depositors, including deposits of large corporates and other deposits that are currently excluded from the above 
privileged claims. Nevertheless, the exact impact of the CMDI Proposal is not know yet given it is still in the form 
of a legislative proposal and therefore subject to further amendments. 
In addition, the payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of interest accrued but unpaid under the Ordinary 
Senior Notes as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer will constitute 
subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the 
Insolvency Law and no further interest shall accrue from the date of the declaration of insolvency of the Issuer. 
The Ordinary Senior Notes are also structurally subordinated to all indebtedness of subsidiaries of the Issuer insofar 
as any right of the Issuer to receive any assets of such companies upon their winding-up will be effectively 
subordinated to the claims of the creditors of those companies in the winding-up. 
Moreover, the BRRD and Law 11/2015 contemplate that Ordinary Senior Notes may be subject to the exercise of 
the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. This may involve the variation of the terms of 
the Ordinary Senior Notes or a change in their form, if necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the Spanish 
Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. See "Risks related to Early Intervention and Resolution –
"The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. Other

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
powers contained in Law 11/2015 could materially affect the rights of the Noteholders under, and the value of, 
any Notes". 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency or 
resolution  
The Issuer's payment obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated obligations 
(créditos subordinados) of the Issuer and will rank junior to all unsubordinated claims (créditos ordinarios), 
including non preferred ordinary claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) of the Issuer (the Senior Non Preferred 
Liabilities, as defined in the Conditions), which would include the payment obligations in respect of principal of 
under any Senior Non Preferred Notes in the case of Senior Subordinated Notes and Tier 2 Subordinated Notes, 
respectively. Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a greater risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment 
should the Issuer become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD (as implemented through Law 11/2015 and RD 
1012/2015) and the Subordinated Notes become subject to the application of the Spanish Bail-in Power (and, in 
case they constitute Tier 2 Instruments, the Non-Viability Loss Absorption) or (ii) insolvent. 
In the case of any exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, the sequence of 
any resulting write-down or conversion of eligible instruments under Article 48 of the BRRD and Article 48 of 
Law 11/2015 provides for the principal amount of Tier 2 Instruments (such as the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes if 
they qualify as such as it is expected) to be written-down or converted into equity or other securities or obligations 
prior to the principal amount of subordinated debt that does not qualify as Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital (which 
is expected to be the case of debt arising from Senior Subordinated Notes) in accordance with the hierarchy of 
claims provided in the Insolvency Law and for the latter to be written-down or converted into equity or other 
securities or obligations prior to any write-down or conversion of the principal amount or outstanding amount of 
the rest of bail-inable liabilities (such as the Ordinary Senior Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes), in accordance 
with the hierarchy of claims provided in the applicable insolvency legislation. Subordinated Notes which constitute 
Tier 2 Instruments may be subject to Non-Viability Loss Absorption, which may be imposed prior to or in 
combination with any exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power. See "Risks related to Early Intervention and 
Resolution – The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 could materially affect the rights of the Noteholders under, 
and the value of, any Notes". 
In the event of insolvency, after payment in full of unsubordinated and unsecured claims (créditos ordinarios) 
(including any senior non preferred claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes)), but before distributions to 
shareholders, under Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law read in conjunction with Additional Provision 14.3 of 
Law 11/2015, the Issuer will meet subordinated claims in the following order and pro-rata within each class: (i) 
late or incorrect claims; (ii) contractually subordinated liabilities of the Issuer in respect of principal under 
instruments that do not constitute Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments, in accordance with 
Additional Provision 14.3.1º of Law 11/2015 – which is expected to be the case of Senior Subordinated Notes; (iii) 
interest (including accrued and unpaid interest due on the Notes, except for interest under Additional Tier 1 
Instruments and Tier 2 Instruments); (iv) fines; (v) claims of creditors which are specially related to the Issuer (if 
applicable) as provided for under the Insolvency Law; (vi) detrimental claims against the Issuer where a Spanish 
Court has determined that the relevant creditor has acted in bad faith (rescisión concursal); (vii) claims arising 
from contracts with reciprocal obligations as referred to in Articles 158 and 160 to 167 of the Insolvency Law, 
wherever the court rules, after the insolvency administrator (administración concursal) has issued a report on that 
matter, that the creditor repeatedly impedes the fulfilment of the contract against the interest of the insolvency; 
(viii) subordinated liabilities of the Issuer under Tier 2 Instruments, in accordance with Additional Provision 
14.3.2º of Law 11/2015 – which is expected to be the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes; and (ix) subordinated 
liabilities of the Issuer under Additional Tier 1 Instruments, in accordance with Additional Provision 14.3.3º of 
Law 11/2015. 
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are senior non preferred claims and are junior to certain obligations  
The Senior Non Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured senior non 
preferred claims (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) of the Issuer in accordance with Additional Provision 14.2 
of Law 11/2015. Upon the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
principal under the Senior Non Preferred Notes would rank, subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result 
of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise) (and unless they qualify as subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) in accordance Articles 181.1.1º or 181.1.3º to 181.1.7º of the Insolvency Law), (a) pari passu among 
themselves and with any Senior Non Preferred Liabilities (as defined in the Conditions), (b) junior to the Senior

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
Higher Priority Liabilities (as defined in the Conditions) of the Issuer and, accordingly, upon the insolvency of the 
Issuer the payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be 
met after payment in full of the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities (including any excluded liabilities under Article 
72(a)2 of CRR (as defined below)), and (c) senior to any present and future subordinated obligations (créditos 
subordinados) of the Issuer in accordance with Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law. 
The Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities would include, among other liabilities, its deposit obligations (other 
than the deposit obligations qualifying as preferred liabilities (créditos con privilegio general) under Additional 
Provision 14.1 of Law 11/2015 which will rank senior), its obligations in respect of derivatives and other financial 
contracts and its unsecured and unsubordinated debt securities that are not Senior Non Preferred Liabilities. If the 
Issuer were wound up or liquidated, the liquidator would apply the assets which are available to satisfy all claims 
in respect of its unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities, first to satisfy claims of all other creditors ranking ahead 
of Noteholders, including holders of Senior Higher Priority Liabilities, and then to satisfy claims in respect of the 
principal of the Senior Non Preferred Notes (and other Senior Non Preferred Liabilities). If the Issuer does not 
have sufficient assets to settle the claims of higher ranking creditors in full, the claims of the Noteholders under 
the Senior Non Preferred Notes will not be satisfied. Noteholders will share equally in any distribution of assets 
available to satisfy all claims in respect of its unsubordinated and unsecured liabilities with the creditors under any 
other Senior Non Preferred Liabilities if the Issuer does not have sufficient funds to make full payment to all of 
them. 
In addition, if the Issuer enters into resolution, its bail-inable liabilities (including the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
or Ordinary Senior Notes) may be subject to the Spanish Bail-in Power, meaning potential write-down or 
conversion into equity securities or other instruments. The sequence of any resulting write-down or conversion of 
bail-inable liabilities under Article 48 of the BRRD and Article 48 of Law 11/2015 provides for claims to be 
written-down or converted into equity in accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in the applicable 
insolvency legislation. Due to the Senior Non Preferred Notes being senior non preferred claims (créditos 
ordinarios no preferentes) the Issuer expects them to be written down or converted in full after any subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer under article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law and before any of the Issuer's Senior Higher 
Priority Liabilities are written down or converted. See "Risks related to Early Intervention and Resolution – The 
Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. Other 
powers contained in Law 11/2015 could materially affect the rights of the Noteholders under, and the value of, 
any Notes". 
As a consequence, Noteholders of the Senior Non Preferred Notes would bear significantly more risk than creditors 
of the Issuer's Senior Higher Priority Liabilities and could lose all or a significant part of their investment if the 
Issuer were to become (i) subject to resolution under the BRRD (as implemented through Law 11/2015 and RD 
1012/2015) and the Senior Non Preferred Notes become subject to the application of the Spanish Bail-in Power or 
(ii) insolvent. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as described in "Use of Proceeds", may 
not be suitable for an investor's investment criteria  
The relevant Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention 
to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of those Notes to finance, refinance or invest in Eligible 
Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or a combination of both Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social 
Projects (such Notes being Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, respectively), as described in the 
Issuer's SDG Bond Framework (each as defined below) published on the website of the Issuer (see "Use of 
Proceeds").  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds so specified for the relevant project, in, or substantially in, the manner described in the 
Issuer's SDG Bond Framework and the relevant Final Terms and publish the relevant reports, assessments, 
opinions and certifications, there is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that the relevant 
project or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any project, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially 
in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and accordingly an amount equal to such proceeds 
may not be totally or partially disbursed for such project nor can there be any assurance that the Issuer can obtain 
and publish the relevant reports, assessments, opinions or certifications. In addition, the maturity of an eligible 
green, social or sustainable asset or project may not match the minimum duration of any such Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "social" or "sustainable" or an equivalently-labelled 
project. In addition, the requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time. In the event that any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), such listing or admission may not satisfy, in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, the criteria for any such listings or admission 
to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Listing or admission to trading may 
not be sought in respect of certain Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or, if obtained, such listing 
or admission to trading may not be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
Therefore, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any 
eligible projects will meet any or all investor expectations or any other requirements regarding such "green", 
"social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, 
social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or 
related to, any eligible projects, which contravene whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply (including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of 
a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Taxonomy") and the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated 
Act adopted by the EU Commission on 21 April 2021 (jointly, the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") or, if and to the 
extent finally approved, the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on European green bonds, 
a draft of which was proposed by the European Commission on 6 July 2021 with reference 2021/0191 (COD) (the 
"draft European Green Bond Regulation"). The EU Taxonomy Regulation establishes a basis for the 
determination of such a definition in the EU. However, the EU Taxonomy remains subject to the implementation 
of delegated regulations by the European Commission on technical screening criteria for the environmental 
objectives set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Likewise, the draft European Green Bond Regulation, includes 
a set of requirements that bonds and notes shall comply with in order to be labelled as "European Green Bonds". 
However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is unclear whether or not the draft European Green Bond 
Regulation will be finally approved and/or be subject to modifications or amendments before its approval. 
The Issuer has appointed Sustainalytics to provide a Second-Party Opinion on the SDG Bond Framework. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight and prospective investors should determine for themselves the suitability or reliability of such 
Second-Party Opinion, or any other opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the 
Issuer), as to the fulfilment of any environmental, social and/or other criteria or for any other purpose.  
As a consequence of the above, Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, may not meet 
investor expectations or be suitable for an investor's investment criteria. In addition, failure to apply an amount 
equal to the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds for any project as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that 
the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining 
or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of 
any other similar Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. Any such event or failure to apply the net proceeds of any 
issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds for any eligible projects or to obtain and publish any 
such reports, assessments, opinions and certifications, or the fact that the maturity of an eligible green or social 
asset or project may not match the minimum duration of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, 
or a failure of any Notes to meet investor expectations or requirements as to their "green", "sustainable", "social" 
or equivalent characteristics, or the Notes ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid will not (i) constitute a breach of or an event of default under the relevant 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds; or (ii) give rise to any other claim or right (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the Notes) of a holder of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds against, or any other liability of, the Issuer, or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem 
or repay such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Notes, or (iv) affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes as Tier 2 capital or 
eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL (as applicable) if such Notes are also Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes qualifying as TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments. For the avoidance of 
doubt, payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred right 
against such assets. There will be no segregation of assets and liabilities in respect of the Green Bonds, Social

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
Bonds and Sustainability Notes and the relevant projects. Consequently, neither payments of principal and/or 
interest on the Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Notes nor any rights of Noteholders shall depend on 
the performance of the relevant projects. Holders of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Notes shall 
have no preferential rights or priority against the assets of any relevant project nor benefit from any arrangements 
to enhance the performance of the Notes. 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds issued in the form of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non 
Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes qualifying as TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments may be subject to the 
application of the Spanish Bail-in Power and (in the case of Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) the Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption to the same extent and with the same ranking as any other Note which is not a Green Bond, Social 
Bond or Sustainability Bond. Additionally, their labelling as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
will not have an impact on their status. 
Risks related to Notes Generally 
The terms of the Notes contain very limited covenants and restrictions on the amount or type of further securities 
or indebtedness which the Bank may incur  
The Conditions place no restrictions on the amount or type of securities that the Issuer may issue that rank senior 
to the Subordinated Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes, or on the amount or type of securities it may issue 
that rank pari passu with the Notes. The issue of any such debt or securities may reduce the amount recoverable 
by Noteholders upon liquidation (liquidación), dissolution or winding-up of the Issuer and may limit the ability of 
the Bank to meet its obligations in respect of the Notes, and result in a Noteholder losing all or some of its 
investment in the Notes. 
In addition, the Notes do not require the Issuer to comply with financial ratios or otherwise limit its ability or that 
of its subsidiaries to incur additional debt, nor do they limit the Issuer's ability to use cash to make investments or 
acquisitions, or the ability of the Issuer or its subsidiaries to pay dividends, repurchase shares or otherwise 
distribute cash to shareholders. Such actions could potentially affect the Issuer's ability to service its debt 
obligations, including those under the Notes. 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors  
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and 
vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make gross 
up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could significantly 
adversely affect their return on the Notes 
Spanish withholding tax regime 
The Issuer considers that, pursuant to the provisions of the Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended, it is not obliged 
to withhold taxes in Spain on any interest paid on the Notes to any Noteholder, irrespective of whether such 
Noteholder is tax resident in Spain. The foregoing is subject to the Fiscal Agent complying with certain information 
procedures described in "Taxation – The Kingdom of Spain – Information about the Notes in connection with 
payments " below. 
The Fiscal Agent will, to the extent applicable, comply with the relevant procedures to facilitate the collection of 
information concerning the Notes. The procedures may be modified, amended or supplemented to, among other 
reasons, reflect a change in applicable Spanish law, regulation, ruling or interpretation thereof. Under Royal Decree 
1065/2007, as amended, it is no longer necessary to provide an issuer with information regarding the identity and 
the tax residence of an investor or the amount of interest paid to it in order for the Issuer to make payments free 
from Spanish withholding tax, provided that the securities: (i) are regarded as listed debt securities issued under 
Law 10/2014; and (ii) are initially registered at a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under 
Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state. The Issuer expects that the Notes will meet 
the requirements referred to in (i) and (ii) above and that, consequently, payments made by the Issuer to 
Noteholders should be paid free of Spanish withholding tax, provided the Fiscal Agent complies with the

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
procedural requirements referred to above. In the event a payment in respect of the Notes is subject to Spanish 
withholding tax, the Issuer will pay the relevant Noteholder such additional amounts as may be necessary in order 
that the net amount received by such Noteholder after such withholding equals the sum of the respective amounts 
of principal and interest, if any, which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence 
of such withholding.  
If the Spanish Tax Authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer of withholding to 
payments made to Spanish tax residents (individuals and entities subject to Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre 
Sociedades)), the Issuer will be bound by the opinion and, with immediate effect, will make the appropriate 
withholding. If this is the case, identification of Noteholders may be required and the procedures, if any, for the 
collection of relevant information will be applied by the Issuer (to the extent required) so that it can comply with 
its obligations under the applicable legislation as interpreted by the Spanish Tax Authorities. If procedures for the 
collection of the Noteholders information are to apply, the Noteholders will be informed of such new procedures 
and their implications. 
Notwithstanding the above, in the case of Notes held by Spanish tax resident individuals and, under certain 
circumstances, by Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax and deposited with a Spanish resident entity 
acting as depositary or custodian, payments in respect of such Notes may be subject to withholding by such 
depositary or custodian (currently 19 per cent. ) and the Issuer may not be required to pay the relevant Noteholder 
additional amounts (as described above, please see "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Taxation"). 
In particular, with regard to Spanish entities subject to Corporate Income Tax, withholding could be made if it is 
concluded that the Notes do not comply with the relevant exemption requirements and those specified in the ruling 
issued by the Spanish Tax Authorities (Dirección General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 are deemed included 
among such requirements. According to said 2004 ruling, application of the exemption requires that, in addition 
to being traded on an organized market in an OECD country, the Notes are placed outside Spain in another OECD 
country. In the event that it was determined that the exemption from withholding tax on payments to Spanish 
corporate Noteholders does not apply to any of the Notes on the basis that they were placed, totally or partially, in 
Spain, the Issuer would be required to make a withholding at the applicable rate, and no additional amounts will 
be payable by the Issuer in such circumstances as set out above.  
Noteholders must seek their own advice to ensure that they comply with all procedures to ensure the correct tax 
treatment of their Notes. None of the Issuer, the Dealers, the Fiscal Agent or any clearing system (including 
Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg) assume any responsibility therefor.  
The procedure described in this Base Prospectus for the provision of information required by Spanish laws and 
regulations is a summary only and neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assumes any responsibility therefor. 
Risks related to the Market Generally  
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk:  
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes  
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single investor or a limited number of investors or have 
been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
In addition, should the Issuer be in financial distress, this is likely to have a significant impact on the secondary 
market for the Notes and investors may have to sell their Notes at a substantial discount to their principal amount. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, that investor will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on 
those Notes

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency 
unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates 
may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of 
the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. 
As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates  
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate 
paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.  
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment in 
those Notes  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes (including on 
an unsolicited basis). The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all the risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above and do not address the price, if any, at which the Notes may be resold prior to 
maturity (which may be substantially less than the original offering prices of the Notes), and other factors that may 
affect the value of the Notes. However, real or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit rating will generally affect 
the market value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered or UK-registered credit rating 
agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover 
of this Base Prospectus.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country 
non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit 
rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as 
the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provision that apply in certain 
circumstances.  
In the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA 
or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may be impact the value 
of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
1. 
the Quarterly Financial Report of the Issuer for the three-month period ended 31 March 2023 which is 
available on: 
https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/files/6000114060371/1q23_quarterly_financial_report.pdf 
2. 
an English language translation of the audited consolidated annual financial statements (including an 
English translation of the independent auditors' report thereon, notes thereto and consolidated directors' 
report) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 which is available on: 
https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/files/6000091505272/annual_accounts_banco_sabadell_group
_2022.pdf?bsb=RmlsZV9DLTYwMDAwOTE1MDUyNzItMTM3NDA5ODA3OTg5NQ 
including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Independent 
auditors' 
report 
on 
consolidated annual financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2022 
Pages 1 to 9 of the AR(1) 
Consolidated balance sheets as of 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021 
Pages 6 to 8 of the CAFS(2) 
Consolidated income statements for the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021 
Pages 9to 10 of the CAFS(2) 
Consolidated statements of recognised 
income and expense for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021 
Page 11 of the CAFS(2) 
Consolidated statements of total changes in 
equity for the years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2021 
Pages 12 to 13 of the CAFS(2) 
Consolidated cash flow statements for the 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021 
Pages 14 to 15 of the CAFS(2) 
Notes to the consolidated annual financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 
2022 
Pages 16 to 242 of the CAFS(2) 
Consolidated directors' report for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 
Pages 243 to 342 of the CAFS(2) 
Notes: 
(1) "AR" corresponds to the independent auditors' report on the consolidated annual financial statements 
of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2022. 
(2) "CAFS" corresponds to the consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 
31 December 2022, incorporating the consolidated directors' report. 
3. 
an English language translation of the audited consolidated annual financial statements (including an 
English translation of the independent auditors' report thereon, notes thereto and consolidated directors' 
report) of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021 which is available on: 
https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/files/1454451180431/annual_accounts_banco_sabadell_group
_2021_consolidated.pdf

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
Independent 
auditors' 
report 
on 
consolidated annual financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 
Pages 1 to 10 of the AR(1) 
Consolidated balance sheets as of 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 
Pages 6 to 8 of the CAFS(2) 
Consolidated income statements for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 
Pages 9 to 10 of the CAFS(2) 
Consolidated statements of recognised 
income and expense for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 
Page 11 of the CAFS(2) 
Consolidated statements of total changes in 
equity for the years ended 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020 
Pages 12 to 13 of the CAFS(2) 
Consolidated cash flow statements for the 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2020 
Pages 14 to 15 of the CAFS(2) 
Notes to the consolidated annual financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 
2021 
Pages 16 to 244 of the CAFS(2) 
Consolidated directors' report for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 
Pages 245 to 344 of the CAFS(2) 
Notes: 
(1) "AR" corresponds to the independent auditors' report on the consolidated annual financial statements 
of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
(2) "CAFS" corresponds to the consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 
31 December 2021, incorporating the consolidated directors' report. 
4. 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in: 
(a) 
the previous Base Prospectus dated 1 June 2022, pages 58 to 118 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme and available at: 
https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/files/6000074934561/sabadell_emtn_2022_-_ba 
se_prospectus.pdf 
(b) 
the previous Base Prospectus dated 31 May 2021, pages 56 to 99 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme and available at: 
https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/files/1454352050714/sabadell_emtn_2021_-
_base_prospectus_-_31_may_2021.pdf 
(c) 
the previous Base Prospectus dated 26 May 2020, pages 51 to 91 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme and available at: 
https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/files/1454348747828/sabadell_emtn_2020_-
_base_prospectus_-_26_may_2020.pdf 
(d) 
the previous Base Prospectus dated 29 April 2019, pages 57 to 96 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme and available at:

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/files/1454342210658/sabadell_emtn_-
_base_prospectus_dated_29_april_2019.pdf 
(e) 
the previous Base Prospectus dated 23 March 2018, pages 55 to 85 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme and available at: 
https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/files/1454342210507/emtn_prospectus_2018_bank_sabadell_e
mtn_update_2018_-_base_prospectus.pdf 
(f) 
the previous Base Prospectus dated 31 March 2016, pages 45 to 71 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme and available at: 
https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/files/1454335514181/emtn_prospectus_emtn_prospectus.pdf 
The documents listed at 2 and 3 above are also available for viewing in the original Spanish language on 
www.cnmv.es. The audited consolidated annual financial statements for each of the years indicated above have 
been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU ("IFRS"), 
considering Circular 4/2017 of the Bank of Spain and subsequent amendments. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the information 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits 
and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its 
impact on the Issuer.  In relation to the different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the 
Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information relating to the 
Notes which is not known as of the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of 
an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes.   
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.   
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche 
of Notes only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms.   
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.   
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document (the "Registration 
Document") containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note (the "Securities Note") 
containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the "Temporary Global 
Note"), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the "Permanent Global Note"), without interest 
coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may 
be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") 
form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear 
System ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
On 13 June 2006, the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central 
banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any 
successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163 5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the Code) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not 
have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused.  In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note to the bearer 
of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of 
the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial 
principal amount of Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a) 
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested exchange 
of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and,

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has 
not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary 
Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then, as at the time specified in the Temporary Global Note, Accountholders shall acquire Direct Rights under 
Condition 4 (Direct Rights), and, as applicable, under the Deed of Covenant (in respect of English Law Notes), or 
under the provisions of the Temporary Global Note (in respect of Spanish Law Notes).   
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form ("Definitive Notes") when the Final 
Terms specify "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", then if either of the 
following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; 
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 15 (Events of Default) occurs; or 
(iii) 
where indicated in the Permanent Global Note, if by reason of any change in the laws of the Kingdom of 
Spain, the Issuer is or will be required to make any withholding or deduction from any payment in respect 
of the Notes which would not be required if the Notes were in definitive form.  
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global Note 
representing the Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void and/or the Accountholder acquires 
Direct Rights, as applicable, in accordance with its terms; or 
(c) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has 
not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then, as at the time specified in the Permanent Global Note, Accountholders shall acquire Direct Rights under 
Condition 4 (Direct Rights), and, as applicable, under the Deed of Covenant (in respect of English Law Notes), or 
under the provisions of the Permanent Global Note (in respect of Spanish Law Notes). 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.   
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has 
not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then, as at the time specified in the Temporary Global Note, Accountholders shall acquire Direct Rights under 
Condition 4 (Direct Rights), and, as applicable, under the Deed of Covenant (in respect of English Law Notes), or 
under the provisions of the Temporary Global Note (in respect of Spanish Law Notes).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes when the relevant Final Terms specify "in the limited 
circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", then if either of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business;  
(ii) 
any of the circumstances described in Condition 15 (Events of Default) occurs; or  
(iii) 
where indicated in the Permanent Global Note, if by reason of any change in the laws of the Kingdom of 
Spain, the Issuer is or will be required to make any withholding or deduction from any payment in respect 
of the Notes which would not be required if the Notes were in definitive form.  
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has 
not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date 
for payment, 
then, as at the time specified in the Permanent Global Note, Accountholders shall acquire Direct Rights under 
Condition 4 (Direct Rights), and, as applicable, under the Deed of Covenant (in respect of English Law Notes), or 
under the provisions of the Permanent Global Note (in respect of Spanish Law Notes). 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures  
Except in the circumstances described in the Global Notes, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in 
definitive form. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will 
maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by the Global

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective participants.  
While the Notes are represented by the Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation under the 
Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note 
must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants to receive payments under the 
Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in either Global Note.  
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Notes. Instead, 
such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant clearing system and 
its participants to appoint appropriate proxies.  
Similarly, holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right under such Notes to take 
enforcement action against the Issuer in the event of a default under the relevant Notes but will have to rely upon 
Condition 4 (Direct Rights) of the Conditions and, in addition, (i) in the case of English Law Notes, upon their 
rights under the Deed of Covenant and, (ii) in the case of Spanish Law Notes, under the provisions of the Global 
Notes (see "Direct Rights" below). 
Direct Rights 
In the case of English Law Notes, under the provisions of Condition 4 (Direct Rights) and the Deed of Covenant, 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note which becomes 
void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately 
before the Determination Date in relation to that Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, as applicable, 
they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
In the case of Spanish Law Notes, under the provisions of Condition 4 (Direct Rights) and the Temporary Global 
Note or the Permanent Global Note, as applicable, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note 
or a Permanent Global Note will, in the circumstances set out in the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global 
Note, acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately 
before the Determination Date in relation to that Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note, as applicable, 
they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form 
(other than Temporary Global Notes), the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto, where TEFRA D is specified in the Final Terms, will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE."

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
The sections referred to in the above legend provide that a United States taxpayer, with certain exceptions, will not 
be permitted to deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment or principal in respect of such Notes or any 
related Coupons.  
Notwithstanding any other provision herein, Bearer Notes with maturities of one year or less may be issued.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the Conditions of the Notes (save for the paragraphs in italics which are for disclosure 
purposes only) which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form 
issued under the Programme. In the case of any Tranche of Notes which are being (a) offered to the public in a 
Member State (other than pursuant to one or more of the exemptions set out in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation) or (b) admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall 
not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable 
law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may complete any information any 
information in this Base Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Banco de Sabadell, S.A. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €15,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount 
of notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes.  Each Tranche is the subject of a final 
terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Deed of Covenant: the English Law Notes have the benefit of a deed of covenant (as amended, the "Deed 
of Covenant") dated 19 May 2023 and made by the Issuer. 
(d) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated issue and paying agency 
agreement dated 19 May 2023 (as amended, the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, The Bank of 
New York Mellon, London Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any 
successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the paying agents 
(if any) named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes 
any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes).  The 
holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the 
"Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement applicable to them.  Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and 
the programme manual signed for the purposes of identification by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent and 
dated 19 May 2023 (to which the forms of the Global Notes are attached) (the "Programme Manual") 
(i) are available for inspection or collection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified 
Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below or (ii) may 
be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agent or the 
Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent 
or the Issuer, as the case may be). 
(e) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing at Banco de 
Sabadell, S.A. at Avenida Óscar Esplá, nº 37, PC 03007 Alicante (Spain), and copies may be obtained 
from The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch's offices at 160 Queen Victoria Street, London 
EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom.  
(f) 
Public Deed of Issuance: The Issuer will execute a public deed (escritura pública) (the "Public Deed of 
Issuance") before a Spanish Notary Public in relation to the Notes on or prior to the Issue Date of the 
Notes. The Public Deed of Issuance will contain, among other information, the terms and Conditions of 
the Notes.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended, 
updated or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series; 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of Notes of the relevant Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day upon which banks are open for 
business in the places where the relevant Meeting is to be held and in respect of a Meeting of Noteholders, 
each of the places where the Paying Agents have their Specified Offices (disregarding for this purpose 
the day upon which such Meeting is to be held) and such period shall be extended by one period or, to the 
extent necessary, more periods of 24 hours until there is included as aforesaid all or part of a day upon 
which banks are open for business as aforesaid; 
"48 hours" means two consecutive periods of 24 hours; 
"Accountholder" means any accountholder with a Clearing System which at the Determination Date has 
credited to its securities account with such Clearing System one or more Entries in respect of a Global 
Note, except for any Clearing System or Depositary in its capacity as an accountholder of another Clearing 
System; 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 capital" means Additional Tier 1 capital (capital de nivel 1 adicional) pursuant to 
Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Additional Tier 1 Instrument" means any instrument of the Issuer qualifying as Additional Tier 1 
capital in whole or in part from time to time; 
"Agents" means the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any of them and shall 
include such other Agent or Agents as may be appointed from time to time under the Agency Agreement; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency (including, among others, those 
giving effect to the MREL and the TLAC or any equivalent and successor principles) then applicable to 
the Issuer and/or the Group including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, the Capital 
Requirements Regulations, the BRRD, the SRM Regulation and those regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies (including, among others, those giving effect to the MREL and the TLAC or any 
equivalent and successor principles) of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority relating to capital adequacy, resolution and/or solvency then in effect (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally 
or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group);  
"Block Voting Instruction" means, in relation to any Meeting, a document in the English language issued 
by a Paying Agent for holders of Notes: 
(a) 
certifying that certain specified Notes (the "deposited Notes") have been deposited with such 
Paying Agent (or to the order of such Paying Agent) or blocked in an account with a clearing 
system and will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
(ii) 
the surrender to such Paying Agent not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
Meeting (or, if the Meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its resumption), of 
the receipt for the deposited or blocked Notes and notification thereof by such Paying 
Agent to the Issuer;  
(b) 
certifying that the depositor of each deposited Note or a duly authorised person on its behalf has 
instructed the relevant Paying Agent that the votes attributable to such deposited Note are to be 
cast in a particular way on each resolution to be put to the Meeting and that, during the period 
of 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting, such instructions may not be amended or 
revoked; 
(c) 
listing the total number and (if in definitive form) the certificate numbers of the deposited Notes, 
distinguishing for each resolution between those in respect of which instructions have been given 
to vote for, or against, the resolution; and 
(d) 
authorising a named individual or individuals to vote in respect of the deposited Notes in 
accordance with such instructions; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("BRRD II"), as implemented into Spanish law, 
as amended or replaced from time to time and including any other relevant implementing provisions; 
"Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(c) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(i) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(ii) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
(iii) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention;  
"Calculation Agent" means Banco Sabadell or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
A "Capital Event" occurs if as a result of a change (or any pending change which the Competent 
Authority considers sufficiently certain) in Spanish law, Applicable Banking Regulations or any change 
in the official application or interpretation thereof becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of the 
Notes, there is a change in the regulatory classification of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes that results (or 
would be likely to result) in (i) the exclusion of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes in whole or, to the extent 
not prohibited by Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer and/or the 
Group; or (ii) their reclassification, in whole or, to the extent not prohibited by Applicable Banking 
Regulations, in part, as a lower quality form of regulatory capital of the Issuer and/or the Group;  
"Capital Requirements Regulations" means any or any combination of the CRD Directive, the CRR, 
and any CRD Implementing Measures;  
"Chairperson" means, in relation to any Meeting, the individual who takes the chair in accordance with 
Condition 23(d) (Chairperson); 
"Clearing System" means Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") or any clearing system referred to in these Conditions; 
"Competent Authority" means the European Central Bank or the Bank of Spain, as applicable, or such 
other successor authority having primary bank supervisory authority from time to time, with respect to 
prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or the Group; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 ("CRD V Directive"), as implemented into Spanish law, as amended or replaced from time to time 
and including any other relevant implementing provisions; 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD Directive or 
the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or 
implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws 
and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Competent Authority, the European Banking 
Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a stand alone basis) or 
the Group (on a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a stand alone basis) or the Group (on 
a consolidated basis);  
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 648/2012, as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 ("CRR II") or such other regulation as may come into effect in place thereof, as 
amended or replaced from time to time;  
"DBRS" means DBRS Ratings Ltd.;

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or selected in the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30";

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
"Definitive Note" means a bearer Note in definitive form; 
"Depositary" means a person who acknowledges directly or indirectly to a Clearing System that it holds 
securities, or rights in respect of securities, for the account or benefit of that Clearing System; 
"Determination Date" means in relation to any Global Note, (i) in respect of English Law Notes, the 
date on which such Global Note becomes void in accordance with its terms, and (ii) in respect of Spanish

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
Law Notes, the date on which Direct Rights (as defined in such Global Note) are acquired under such 
Global Note in accordance with its terms; 
A "Disqualification Event" occurs in respect of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or 
Ordinary Senior Notes where the Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, if all or part of the outstanding nominal amount of the relevant Notes does not fully qualify 
as TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments of the Issuer and/or the Group, except where such non-qualification 
(a) is due solely to the remaining maturity of the relevant Notes being less than any period required for 
such Notes to be considered TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments by Applicable Banking Regulations then 
in force, (b) is as a result of the relevant Notes being bought back by (or on behalf of) the Issuer or by a 
third party funded by the Issuer, or (c) in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes where the Disqualification 
Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, is due to any limitation on the amount 
of such Notes that may be eligible for the inclusion in the amount of TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments 
of the Issuer and/or the Group.  
A Disqualification Event shall, without limitation, be deemed to have occurred where any non-
qualification of the Notes as TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments arises as a result of the official 
interpretation or application of the EU Banking Reforms and/or any legislation which gives effect to the 
same in the Kingdom of Spain existing as at the relevant Issue Date (including any interpretation or 
pronouncement by any relevant court, tribunal or authority) differing in any respect from the manner in 
which the same has been reflected in the Conditions of the Notes.  
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
(expressed as a percentage of the Calculation Amount) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"English Law Notes" means Notes where the relevant Final Terms specify English law as the governing 
law of the Notes; 
"Entry" means, in relation to a Global Note, any entry which is made in the securities account of any 
Accountholder with a Clearing System in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note (and 
"Entries" shall be construed accordingly); 
"EU Banking Reforms" means the CRD V Directive, the BRRD II, the CRR II and the SRM Regulation 
II; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with these Conditions and the provisions of the Agency Agreement by a majority of not less 
than two thirds or, at any adjourned meeting, not less than one third of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes represented or held by Voters actually present at the Meeting; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other amount 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"First Reset Rate" means the sum of the Reset Margin and the Mid-Swap Rate for the First Reset Period, 
adjusted as necessary;  
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Fixed Reset Note" means Notes to which the Fixed Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable; 
"Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page" means the display page on the relevant service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters) as specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other page as may replace it 
on that information service, or on such other equivalent information service as determined by the Fiscal 
Agent, for the purpose of displaying the relevant swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified 
Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period;

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
"Global Note" means a Global Note (whether in temporary or permanent form) issued pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another Person to 
pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(a) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(b) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness; 
(c) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and 
(d) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness;  
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries;  
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility; 
(b) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(c) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases; 
(d) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment of 
which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(e) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any forward sale or 
purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
"Initial Interest Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Insolvency Law" means the restated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Legislative Royal 
Decree 1/2020, of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto 
refundido de la Ley Concursal) as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any other date or dates specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as applicable in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Law 11/2015" means Law 11/2015, of June 18, on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (Ley 11/2015, de 18 de junio, de recuperación y resolución de entidades de crédito y 
empresas de servicios de inversión), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Meeting" means a meeting of Noteholders, whether originally convened or resumed following an 
adjournment, and whether it is to be held as a physical meeting attended by persons present in person or 
as a virtual meeting to be held via an electronic platform (including, without limitation, telephone and 
video conference call and application technology systems); 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on that Reset 
Date, the rate for the relevant Reset Determination Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest 
Payment Dates, the semi-annual or annual swap rate, respectively (with such semi-annual swap rate to be 
converted to a quarterly rate in accordance with market convention, in the case of quarterly Interest 
Payment Dates) for swap transactions in the Specified Currency maturing on the last day of such Reset 
Period, expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page as of 
approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such Reset 
Determination Date. If such rate does not appear on the Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page, the Mid-
Swap Rate for the Reset Date will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate for the Reset Period; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service Limited;  
"MREL" means the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities" for credit institutions 
under the BRRD, set in accordance with Article 45 of the BRRD (as transposed in Spain), Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016, supplementing Directive 2014/59/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical standards specifying the 
criteria relating to the methodology for setting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and any other Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes, all the Notes issued other than (a) those which have been 
redeemed in accordance with these Conditions; (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption in 
accordance with these Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued 
on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly 
paid to the Fiscal Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement and remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of Notes and/or Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those in respect of which 
claims have become prescribed under Condition 20 (Prescription), surrendered in exchange for 
replacement Notes pursuant to Condition 21 (Replacement of Notes and Coupons), (d) (for the purpose 
only of determining how many Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other 
purpose) those Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement 
Notes have been issued pursuant to Condition 21 (Replacement of Notes and Coupons); and (e) any 
Temporary Global Note to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for a Permanent Global Note or, 
as the case may be, any Global Note to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
Definitive Notes, in either case pursuant to its provisions; provided that, for the purposes of (a), 
ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any Meeting and (b), the determination of how many Notes are 
outstanding for the purposes of Conditions 15 (Events of Default) and 23 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification and Waiver) to this Agreement, those Notes which are beneficially held by, or are held on 
behalf of, the Issuer, or any of its subsidiaries and not cancelled shall (unless and until ceasing to be so 
held) be deemed not to be outstanding; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Communities which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Amount" means, in respect of any Entry, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to which 
such Entry relates; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Proxy" means, in relation to any Meeting, a person appointed to vote under a Block Voting Instruction 
by a holder of a Note other than: 
(a) 
any such person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Fiscal Agent 
has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time 
fixed for such Meeting; and 
(b) 
any such person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a quorum 
and who has not been re-appointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder;

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) or such other 
amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA or SOFR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in 
respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders;  
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Fraction" means: 
(a) 
for all business other than voting on an Extraordinary Resolution, one tenth of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes; 
(b) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution other than one relating to a Reserved Matter, one 
more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; and 
(c) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, not less than two thirds 
of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; 
provided, however, that, in the case of a Meeting which has resumed after adjournment for want 
of a quorum it means: 
(i) 
for all business other than voting on an Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved 
Matter, the fraction of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
represented or held by the Voters actually present at the Meeting; and

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
(ii) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, not less than 
one third of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of 
being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without 
limitation, any over-the-counter market);  
"Relevant Resolution Authority" means the Fondo de Resolución Ordenada Bancaria (FROB), the 
Single Resolution Board (SRB) and/or any other entity with the authority to exercise any of the resolution 
tools and powers contained in the Applicable Banking Regulations;  
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate; 
"Relevant Subsidiary" means, at any particular time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer:  
(a) 
whose net assets represent not less than 10 per cent. of the net consolidated assets of the Group 
as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated accounts as the 
case may be) of such Subsidiary and the most recently published audited consolidated accounts 
of the Issuer; or  
(b) 
whose gross revenues represent not less than 10 per cent. of the gross consolidated revenues of 
the Group, all as calculated by reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated 
accounts as the case may be) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts 
of the Issuer.  
For the purposes of this definition:  
(i) 
if there shall not at any time be any relevant audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer, 
references thereto herein shall be deemed to be references to a consolidation (which need not 
be audited) by the Issuer of the relevant audited accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;  
(ii) 
if, in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries and where such Subsidiary is obliged 
by applicable law to prepare consolidated accounts, the consolidated net assets and 
consolidated gross revenues shall be compared to net consolidated assets and gross 
consolidated revenues of the Group; if, in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries, 
no consolidated accounts are prepared and audited, its consolidated net assets and consolidated 
gross revenues shall be determined on the basis of pro forma consolidated accounts (which need 
not be audited) of the relevant Subsidiary and its Subsidiaries prepared for this purpose by the 
Issuer;  
(iii) 
if (A) any Subsidiary shall not in respect of any relevant financial period for whatever reason 
produce audited accounts or (B) any Subsidiary shall not have produced at the relevant time for 
the calculations required pursuant to this definition audited accounts for the same period as the 
period to which the latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer relate, then there shall be 
substituted for the purposes of this definition the management accounts of such Subsidiary for 
such period;  
(iv) 
where any Subsidiary is not wholly owned by the Issuer there shall be excluded from all 
calculations all amounts attributable to minority interests;  
(v) 
in calculating any amount all amounts owing by or to the Issuer and any Subsidiary to or by the 
Issuer and any Subsidiary shall be excluded; and  
(vi) 
in the event that accounts of any companies being compared are prepared on the basis of 
different generally accepted accounting principles, there shall be made such adjustments to any

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
relevant financial items as are necessary to achieve a true and fair comparison of such financial 
items;  
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal: 
(a) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce 
the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes or to alter the 
method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes on redemption or 
maturity or the date for any such payment; 
(b) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(c) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or 
(d) 
to amend this definition; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date, as 
applicable; 
"Reset Determination Date" means the second Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Reset 
Date;  
"Reset Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
"Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations" means the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency with a term 
equal to the Reset Period commencing on the Reset Date and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg (in each case calculated 
on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency), is equivalent to 
the Rate of Interest that would apply in respect of the Notes if (a) Screen Rate Determination was specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, (b) the 
Reference Rate was the Floating Leg Reference Rate and (c) the Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page 
was the Floating Leg Screen Page;  
"Reset Reference Banks" means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap transactions 
in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as selected by the Issuer; 
"Reset Reference Bank Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Date and the Reset Period commencing on 
that Reset Date, the percentage determined on the basis of the Reset Period Mid-Swap Rate Quotations 
provided by the Reset Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent will request the principal 
office of each of the Reset Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least three quotations 
are provided, the rate for the Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event 
of equality, one of the lowest). If only two quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic mean of the 
quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, it will be the quotation provided. If no quotations 
are provided, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the last observable Mid-Swap Rate which appears on the Fixed 
Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on any date falling after the most recent Reset Determination Date or, if none, the 
Issue Date, as determined by the Issuer. If no such Mid-Swap Rate is observable on the Fixed Reset Rate 
Relevant Screen Page on any day falling on or after the Issue Date, the Mid-Swap Rate will be the Initial 
Mid-Swap Rate;

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
"Royal Decree 1012/2015" means Royal Decree 1012/2015, of 6 November, implementing Law 11/2015, 
of 18 June (Real Decreto 1012/2015, de 6 de noviembre, por el que se desarrolla la Ley 11/2015, de 18 
de junio), as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"S&P" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited;  
"Senior Higher Priority Liabilities" means any payment obligations in respect of principal of the Issuer 
under any Ordinary Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (créditos 
ordinarios) of the Issuer, other than the Senior Non Preferred Liabilities;  
"Senior Non Preferred Liabilities" means any unsubordinated and unsecured senior non preferred 
obligations (créditos ordinarios no preferentes) of the Issuer under Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 
11/2015, as amended from time to time, (including any Senior Non Preferred Notes) and any other 
obligations which, by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari 
passu with the Senior Non Preferred Liabilities; 
"Second Reset Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, without 
limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Spanish Companies Act" means the Restated Spanish Companies Act approved by the Royal 
Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July (Texto Refundido de la Ley de Sociedades de Capital, aprobado por 
el Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio), as amended or replaced from time to time;  
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Spanish Law Notes" means Notes where the relevant Final Terms specify Spanish law as the governing 
law of the Notes; 
"Specified Office" means the offices of the Agents specified in this Base Prospectus and shall include 
such other office or offices as may be specified from time to time; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism and the Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended by Regulation (EU) 
2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 ("SRM Regulation II"), as 
amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
"Subsequent Reset Rate" means the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the Reset Margin for any 
Subsequent Reset Period, adjusted as necessary;  
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any other Person 
(the "second Person"): 
(a) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether by 
ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the governing 
body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"T2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System which 
was launched on 20 March 2023 or any successor thereto;

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
"Tier 2 capital" means tier 2 capital (capital de nivel 2) pursuant to Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Tier 2 Instrument" means any instrument of the Issuer qualifying as Tier 2 capital in whole or in part 
from time to time; 
"TLAC" means the "total loss-absorbing capacity" requirement for global systemically important 
institutions under the CRR, set in accordance with Article 92a of the CRR and any other Applicable 
Banking Regulations; 
"TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments" means any instrument that complies with the TLAC and/or 
MREL requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group under Applicable Banking Regulations. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; 
"Voter" means in relation to any Meeting, the bearer of a Voting Certificate, the bearer of a Definitive 
Note who produces such Definitive Note at the Meeting, or a Proxy; 
"Voting Certificate" means, in relation to any Meeting a certificate in the English language issued by a 
Paying Agent for Noteholders and dated in which it is stated: 
(a) 
that certain specified Notes (the "deposited Notes") have been deposited with such Paying Agent 
(or to its order at a bank or other depositary) or blocked in an account with a clearing system and 
will not be released until the earlier of:  
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of such certificate to such Paying Agent; and 
(b) 
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting in respect of the 
deposited Notes; 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of Noteholders holding not 
less than two thirds of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes and who for the time being 
are entitled to receive notice of a Meeting in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and 
Schedule 5 to the Agency Agreement, whether contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more such Noteholders; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 14 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 14 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
(vi) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Notes; and 
(vii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as the case may be, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue 
Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Notes with more than 
one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes 
of another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes, Coupons and Talons will pass by delivery.  The 
holder of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or 
any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no 
Person shall be liable for so treating such holder.   
4. 
Direct Rights 
For so long as the Notes are in global form, the Issuer and each Noteholder have agreed that, in the 
circumstances set out in the Global Notes, each Accountholder shall have against the Issuer under this 
Condition 4 and, as applicable, the provisions of the Global Notes with regard to the Spanish Law Notes 
and the Deed of Covenant with regard to the English Law Notes, all rights which such Accountholder 
would have had in respect of the Notes if, immediately before the Determination Date in relation to that 
Global Note, it had been the holder of Definitive Notes of that Tranche, duly executed, authenticated and 
issued, in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Principal Amount of such Accountholder's Entries 
relating to the Global Note including (without limitation) the right to receive all payments due at any time 
in respect of such Definitive Notes as if such Definitive Notes had (where required by the Conditions) 
been duly presented and (where required by the Conditions) surrendered on the due date in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
5. 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Senior Notes: If this Condition 5(a) is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes shall 
be Ordinary Senior Notes ("Ordinary Senior Notes") or Senior Non Preferred Notes ("Senior Non 
Preferred Notes" and, together with Ordinary Senior Notes, "Senior Notes"), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under the Senior Notes 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured (without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 6, in the case of Ordinary Senior Notes only) obligations (créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer 
and, in accordance with the Insolvency Law and Additional Provision 14.2 of Law 11/2015, but subject 
to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or otherwise), upon 
the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer (unless they qualify as subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) in accordance with Article 281.1.1º or 281.1.3º to 281.1.7º of the Insolvency Law or any 
equivalent legal provision which replaces it in the future), such payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Senior Notes would rank: 
(i) 
if the Senior Notes are Ordinary Senior Notes:  
(A) 
senior to (i) Senior Non Preferred Liabilities and (ii) any present and future 
subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer in accordance with 
Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law; and 
(B) 
pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Higher Priority Liabilities; and  
(ii) 
if the Senior Notes are Senior Non Preferred Notes:  
(A) 
senior to any present and future subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of 
the Issuer in accordance with Article 281.1 of the Insolvency Law; 
(B) 
pari passu among themselves and with any Senior Non Preferred Liabilities; and

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
(C) 
junior to the Senior Higher Priority Liabilities of the Issuer (and, accordingly, upon the 
insolvency of the Issuer, payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under 
the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be met after payment in full of the Senior Higher 
Priority Liabilities). 
Claims of Noteholders of Senior Notes in respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement 
of any insolvency procedure in respect of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated claims (créditos 
subordinados) against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the 
Insolvency Law and no further interest shall accrue from the date of the declaration of insolvency of the 
Issuer. 
(b) 
Subordinated Notes: If this Condition 5(b) is specified in the Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes 
shall be Senior Subordinated Notes ("Senior Subordinated Notes") or Tier 2 Subordinated Notes ("Tier 
2 Subordinated Notes" and, together with Senior Subordinated Notes, "Subordinated Notes"), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes 
constitute direct, unconditional and subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer in 
accordance with the Insolvency Law and, in accordance with Additional Provision 14.3 of Law 11/2015, 
but subject to any other ranking that may apply as a result of any mandatory provision of law (or 
otherwise), upon the insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, 
(i) 
for so long as the relevant Subordinated Notes do not constitute Additional Tier 1 Instruments 
or Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer, such payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal 
under the relevant Subordinated Notes would rank: 
(A) 
senior to (i) any subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer under 
Articles 281.1.3º to 281.1.7º of the Insolvency Law, (ii) any subordinated obligations 
(créditos subordinados) under Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments of 
the Issuer, and (iii) any other subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the 
Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, 
rank junior to such payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Subordinated 
Notes;    
(B) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other contractually subordinated 
obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer under Article 281.1.2º of the 
Insolvency Law in respect of principal under instruments which do not constitute 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer and which are not 
subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) under Articles 281.1.3º to 281.1.7º of 
the Insolvency Law, and (ii) any other subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) 
of the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish 
law, rank pari passu to such payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant 
Subordinated Notes; and  
(C) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations (créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer 
(including any payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of principal under any 
Senior Non Preferred Liabilities), (ii) any subordinated obligations (créditos 
subordinados) of the Issuer under Article 281.1.1º of the Insolvency Law, and (iii) any 
other subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) which by law and/or by their 
terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank senior to such payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
Senior Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (i) above on the basis that such 
Notes are not intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital of the Issuer. 
Claims of Noteholders of Subordinated Notes (for so long as they do not qualify as Tier 2 Instruments of 
the Issuer) in respect of interest accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure 
in respect of the Issuer shall constitute subordinated claims (créditos subordinados) against the Issuer 
ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the Insolvency Law and no further interest 
shall accrue from the date of the declaration of insolvency of the Issuer.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
(ii) 
for so long as the relevant Subordinated Notes constitute Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer, such 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Subordinated Notes would rank:  
(A) 
senior to (i) any subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer under 
Additional Tier 1 Instruments, and (ii) any other subordinated obligations (créditos 
subordinados) of the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent 
permitted by Spanish law, rank junior to such payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the relevant Subordinated Notes; 
(B) 
pari passu among themselves and with (i) all other subordinated obligations (créditos 
subordinados) of the Issuer under Tier 2 Instruments, and (ii) any other subordinated 
obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer which by law and/or by their terms, 
and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank pari passu with such payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Subordinated Notes; and 
(C) 
junior to (i) any unsubordinated obligations (créditos ordinarios) of the Issuer 
(including any payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of Senior Non Preferred 
Liabilities); (ii) any subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) of the Issuer 
under instruments which do not constitute Additional Tier 1 Instruments or Tier 2 
Instruments (such as any claims in respect of Senior Subordinated Notes, if and as 
applicable), and (iii) any other subordinated obligations (créditos subordinados) which 
by law and/or by their terms, and to the extent permitted by Spanish law, rank senior to 
such payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes are expected to rank as provided in paragraph (ii) above on the basis that 
such Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital of the Issuer. 
6. 
Negative Pledge 
If this Condition 6 is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, so long as any Ordinary Senior 
Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall, and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, create or 
permit to subsist any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, 
assets or revenues (including uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or Guarantee of 
Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior thereto securing the Notes equally and rateably 
therewith or (b) providing such other security for the Notes as may be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of Noteholders.  
7. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 13 (Payments). Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to 
bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified 
the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except 
to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
8. 
Fixed Reset Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of Interest: Subject to Condition 10 (Interest – Benchmark Discontinuation), each Fixed Reset 
Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the First Reset Date at 
the rate per annum equal to the Initial Interest Rate; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if none, 
the Maturity Date (the "First Reset Period") at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate; 
and 
(iii) 
if applicable, from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first Subsequent 
Reset Date (if any), and each successive period from (and including) any Subsequent Reset Date 
to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date or, if none, the Maturity Date 
(each a "Subsequent Reset Period") at the rate per annum equal to the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate,  
(in each case rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) (each 
a "Rate of Interest") payable, in each case, in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to 
and including the Maturity Date. 
The provisions of this Condition 8 shall apply, as applicable, in respect of any determination by Banco 
Sabadell of the Rate of Interest for a Reset Period in accordance with this Condition 8 as if the Fixed 
Reset Notes were Floating Rate Notes. The Rate of Interest for each Reset Period shall otherwise be 
determined by the Fiscal Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 8.  Once the Rate of Interest is determined for a Reset Period, the provisions 
of Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) shall apply to Fixed Reset Notes, as applicable, as if the 
Fixed Reset Notes were Fixed Rate Notes. 
(c) 
Notification of First Reset Rate of Interest, Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and Interest Amount: The 
Fiscal Agent will cause the First Reset Rate of Interest, any Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest and, in 
respect of a Reset Period, the Interest Amount payable on each Interest Payment Date falling in such 
Reset Period to be notified to the Issuer, the other Paying Agents and any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the relevant Fixed Reset Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have 
been admitted to listing and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 25 (Notices) as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
(where a "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in London) thereafter.  
(d) 
Certificates to be final: All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 8 by the Fiscal Agent shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and all Noteholders and Couponholders 
and (in the absence wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach the Fiscal Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the First Reset Rate or any Subsequent Reset Rate shall in no 
event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
9. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 13 (Payments). Each 
Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to 
bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified 
the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except 
to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Notes referencing EURIBOR: Subject to Condition 10 (Interest – 
Benchmark Discontinuation), if Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and the relevant Final Terms specify that 
the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate; 
(iii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iv) 
if, in the case of Condition 9(c)(i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of Condition 9(c)(iii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic 
mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Notes referencing €STR: Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Final 
Terms specify that the Reference Rate is €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be 
calculated in accordance with Condition 9(d)(i), Condition 9(d)(ii) or Condition 9(d)(iii) below, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 9(d)(v) and Condition 9(d)(v) below, as applicable: 
(i) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR 
Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily 
€STR plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
(ii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR Index 
Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily 
€STR Index plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
(iii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "€STR Weighted 
Average", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the Weighted Average €STR plus 
or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded 
(if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(iv) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 9(d): 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment in euro (with the daily euro short-term rate ("€STR") as reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) and will be calculated as follows: 
(A) 
If "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
[∏ 
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1] × 360
𝑑 
(B) 
If "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in 
accordance with the following formula: 
                      [∏ 
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1] × 360
𝑑 
Where, in each case: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if "Shift" is specified as 
the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"d0" means (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of TARGET Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Period, or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of TARGET Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
"€STR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, and subject to as 
provided in Condition 9(d)(vi) below, a reference rate equal to the daily €STR for such TARGET 
Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as the administrator of €STR (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (the "ECB's 
Website") (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by 
it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Business Day immediately following such TARGET Business Day (in each case, at 
the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or 
guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor administrator of such rate);

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
"€STRi" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Dayi: 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms: 
(1)  
in respect of any TARGET Business Dayi that is a Reference Day, the €STR 
Reference Rate in respect of the TARGET Business Day immediately 
preceding such Reference Day; otherwise 
(2)  
the €STR Reference Rate in respect of the TARGET Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(z) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the €STR 
Reference Rate for such TARGET Business Dayi; 
"€STRi-pTBD" means: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in respect 
of a TARGET Business Dayi, the €STR Reference Rate in respect of the TARGET 
Business Day falling p TARGET Business Days prior to such TARGET Business Dayi; 
or 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of a TARGET Business Dayi, €STRi in respect of such TARGET Business Dayi; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Business Day (x) 
if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in the 
relevant Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, in the relevant Observation Period; 
"Interest Period End Date" shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if 
not so specified, the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period); 
"Lock-out Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and including the 
day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the Interest Period End Date 
falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
"ni", for any TARGET Business Dayi, means the number of calendar days from and including 
such TARGET Business Dayi up to but excluding the following TARGET Business Day;  
"Observation Period" means the period from and including the date falling "p" TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" means, in respect of an Interest Period (i) where "Lag" or "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, two TARGET Business Days or such larger 
number of days as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and (ii) where "Lock-out" is specified 
as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, zero; 
"Reference Day" means each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Period that is not 
a TARGET Business Day falling in the Lock-out Period; 
"TARGET Business Day" or "TBD" means any day on which T2 is open; and

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
"T2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System which was launched on 20 March 2023 or any successor thereto; 
"Compounded Daily €STR Index" means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment in euro (with the €STR as a reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
by reference to the screen rate or index for compounded daily €STR rates administered by the European 
Central Bank, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) that is 
published or displayed on the website of the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) or any successor source from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date (the 
"€STR Compounded Index") and will be calculated as follows: 
( €𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
 −1) × 360
𝑑 
Where, in each case: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which €STR 
Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which €STR 
Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"p" means two TARGET Business Days or such larger number of days as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"€STR Compounded IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the €STR 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior 
to the first day of such Interest Period;  
"€STR Compounded IndexEnd" means with respect to an Interest Period, the €STR 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior 
to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable);  
"Interest Period End Date" shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if 
not so specified, the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period); 
"TARGET Business Day" or "TBD" means any day on which T2 is open; and 
"T2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System which was launched on 20 March 2023 or any successor thereto;  
 
"Weighted Average €STR" means: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the 
sum of the €STR Reference Rate in respect of each calendar day during the relevant 
Observation Period divided by the number of calendar days during such Observation 
Period. For these purposes, the €STR Reference Rate in respect of any calendar day 
which is not a TARGET Business Day shall be deemed to be the €STR Reference Rate 
in respect of the TARGET Business immediately preceding such calendar day; or 
(B) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the sum of the €STR Reference Rate in respect of each calendar day during the relevant 
Interest Period divided by the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, 
provided that, for any calendar day of such Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period 
for the relevant Interest Period, the €STR Reference Rate for such calendar day will be 
deemed to be the €STR Reference Rate in respect of the TARGET Business Day 
immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the 
€STR Reference Rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a TARGET Business

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be the €STR Reference Rate 
in respect of the TARGET Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
Where, in each case:  
"Observation Period" means the period from and including the date falling "p" TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date falling "p” TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" means, in respect of an Interest Period (i) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, two TARGET Business Days or such larger number of days 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and (ii) where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, zero; 
"€STR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, and subject to as 
provided in Condition 9(d)(vi) below, a reference rate equal to the daily €STR for such TARGET 
Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as the administrator of €STR (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (the "ECB's 
Website") (or, if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by 
it to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the 
TARGET Business Day immediately following such TARGET Business Day (in each case, at 
the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable methodology, policies or 
guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor administrator of such rate);  
"TARGET Business Day" or "TBD" means any day on which T2 is open; and 
"T2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System which was launched on 20 March 2023 or any successor thereto. 
(v) 
Where the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period is calculated in accordance with Condition 
9(d)(ii), if the relevant €STR Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of such rate) reference rate or other information 
service by 5.00 p.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary 
or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational 
procedures of the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the Interest 
Period for which the €STR Compounded Index is not available in accordance with Condition 
9(d)(i) above and for these purposes the "Observation Method" shall be deemed to be "Shift". 
(vi) 
If the €STR Reference Rate does not appear on a TARGET Business Day, unless both an €STR 
Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the €STR 
Reference Rate shall be a rate equal to €STR in respect of the last TARGET Business Day for 
which such rate was published on the ECB's Website. 
If the €STR Reference Rate does not appear on a TARGET Business Day, and both an €STR 
Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate for 
each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period occurring on 
or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR 
were references to the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as 
the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of 
€STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European Central Bank (or 
any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR 
(which rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another administrator) (the "ECB 
Recommended Rate"), provided that:

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
(A) 
if no such rate has been recommended before the end of the first TARGET Business 
Day following the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, then the rate for each 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period occurring 
on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references 
to "€STR" were references to the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the 
deposit facility that banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, as 
published on the ECB's Website (the "EDFR") on such TARGET Business Day plus 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR Reference Rate and the 
EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs (the "EDFR Spread"); and 
(B) 
if both an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate for each 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period occurring 
on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to "€STR" were references to the EDFR on such TARGET 
Business Day plus the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days 
immediately preceding the date on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Event occurs. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined at the last preceding €STR Interest 
Determination Date or (ii) if there is no such preceding €STR Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as if references to €STR for each TARGET Business Day 
in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period occurring on or after the €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if 
EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the latest 
published EDFR plus the EDFR Spread. 
As used in this Condition 9(d)(vi): 
(A) 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
(x)  
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing 
that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(y) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of €STR, which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased 
or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide €STR; 
(B) 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central 
Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR); 
(C) 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events: 
(x) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
(y) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor 
for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has ceased 
or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; and 
(D) 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided. 
(vii) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 15 (Events 
of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which 
such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as 
any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened 
accordingly. 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination for Notes referencing SONIA: Where Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the relevant 
Final Terms specify that the Reference Rate is SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will 
be calculated in accordance with Condition 9(e)(i) or Condition 9(e)(ii), subject to the provisions of 
Condition 9(e)(iii) and Condition 9(e)(iv) below, as applicable. 
(i) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA 
Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily 
SONIA plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as at the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of the Conditions: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA) as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated as follows: 
(A) 
if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, in accordance with the following formula: 
 
(B) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
−1] × 365
𝑑 
where, in each case: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period, or (y) if "Shift" is specified as 
the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
"d0" means (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Interest Period, or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London Banking 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day (x) if "Lag" or 
"Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, in the relevant 
Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, in the relevant Observation Period; 
"Interest Period End Date" shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if 
not so specified, the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period); 
"Lock-out Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from and including the 
day following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the Interest Period End Date 
falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
"ni", for any London Banking Dayi, means the number of calendar days from and including such 
London Banking Dayi up to but excluding the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means the period from and including the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable); 
"p" means, in respect of an Interest Period (i) where "Lag" or "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, two London Banking Days or such greater 
number of days as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and (ii) where "Lock-out" is specified 
as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, zero; 
"Reference Day" means each London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period that is not a 
London Banking Day falling in the Lock-out Period; 
"SONIA reference rate", means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors (in each case on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day);

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Dayi: 
(y)  
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any London Banking Dayi that is a Reference Day, the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day; otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA reference rate in respect of the London Banking Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for the 
relevant Interest Period; 
(z) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the SONIA reference rate for such London Banking Dayi; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
in respect of a London Banking Dayi, SONIA reference rate in respect of the 
London Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such London 
Banking Dayi; or 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of a London Banking Dayi, SONIAi in respect of such 
London Banking Dayi. 
(ii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA Index 
Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily 
SONIA Index plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as at the Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of the Conditions: 
"Compounded Daily SONIA Index" means with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA) as a reference rate for the calculation of interest) by reference to the screen 
rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the 
SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other information 
service from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as further specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "SONIA Compounded Index") and will be calculated as follows: 
 
where, in each case: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which SONIA 
Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SONIA 
Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London;

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
"p" means two London Banking Days or such other number of days as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"SONIA Compounded IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period; and 
"SONIA Compounded IndexEnd" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA 
Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" London Banking 
Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
(iii) 
Where the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period is calculated in accordance with Condition 
9(e)(ii) above, if the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for 
publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such other information service, as the case may 
be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be calculated for the 
Interest Period for which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available in accordance with 
Condition 9(e)(i) above and for these purposes the "Observation Method" shall be deemed to be 
"Shift". 
(iv) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA 
reference rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published 
by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA reference rate shall be: 
(A) 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of business on 
the relevant London Banking Day; plus (b) the arithmetic mean of the spread of the 
SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days 
on which the SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread 
(or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate, or 
(B) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA reference rate was published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to 
(a) how the SONIA reference rate is to be determined or (b) any rate that is to replace the SONIA 
reference rate, the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall follow such guidance to determine the 
SONIA reference rate for so long as the SONIA reference rate is not available or has not been 
published by the authorised distributors. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 9(e), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, 
in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, 
the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first 
Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying 
the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
first Interest Period).

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 15 (Events 
of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which 
such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as 
any such Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened 
accordingly. 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR: Where Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the relevant Final Terms specify that the Reference Rate is SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will be calculated in accordance with Condition 9(f)(i) below or Condition 9(f)(ii) below, subject 
to the provisions of Condition 9(f)(iv) below: 
(i) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the SOFR Arithmetic 
Mean plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(ii) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR 
Compound", the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily SOFR 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent with the resulting 
percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
(iii) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of the Conditions: 
"Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE" Page means the Bloomberg screen designated  
"SOFRRATE" or any successor page or service; 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means with respect to an Interest Period, an amount equal to the 
rate of return for each calendar day during the Interest Period, compounded daily, calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows: 
(A) 
if "SOFR Compound with Lookback" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
 
Where: 
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest 
Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period;  
"Lookback Period" or "p" means two U.S. Government Securities Business Days or 
such other number of days as specified as "p" in the relevant Final Terms; 
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi up 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day;

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
"SOFRi" means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the 
SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; and 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, 
SOFRi in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the Lookback Period prior to 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi ("pUSBD"), provided that, unless 
SOFR Cut-Off Date is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, SOFRi 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi in the period from, and 
including, the SOFR Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the next occurring Interest Period 
End Date, will be SOFRi in respect of the SOFR Cut-Off Date for such Interest Period; 
(B) 
if "SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
 
where: 
"d" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi up 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling the number of Observation Shift Days prior to the first day 
of such Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date that is the number of 
Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring Interest Period End Date for such 
Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means two U.S. Government Securities Business Days or 
such other number of days as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"SOFRi" means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi, the 
SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
(C) 
if "SOFR Compound with Payment Delay" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
 
where: 
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest 
Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period;  
"Interest Period End Dates" shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (or, if not so specified, the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period); 
"Interest Payment Dates" shall be the dates occurring the number of Business Days 
equal to the Interest Payment Delay following each Interest Period End Date; provided 
that the Interest Payment Date with respect to the final Interest Period will be the 
Maturity Date or, if the Notes are to be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date, such earlier 
date on which the Notes become due and payable; 
"Interest Payment Delay" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" shall be the Interest Period End Date at the end of each 
Interest Period; provided that the Interest Determination Date with respect to the final 
Interest Period will be the SOFR Cut-Off Date; 
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi up 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi; and 
"SOFRi" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi in the relevant 
Interest Period, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi. 
For purposes of calculating SOFR Compound with Payment Delay with respect to the 
final Interest Period, the level of SOFR for each U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the period from and including the SOFR Cut-Off Date to but excluding the 
Maturity Date or any earlier date on which the Notes become due and payable, as 
applicable, shall be the level of SOFR in respect of such SOFR Cut-Off Date. 
(D) 
if "SOFR Index with Observation Shift" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
 
where: 
"dc" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
"Interest Period End Dates" shall have the meaning specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (or, if not so specified, the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period); 
"Observation Shift Days" means two U.S. Government Securities Business Days or 
such other number of days as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SOFR Index" means with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
(i) the SOFR Index value as published by the NY Federal Reserve as such index appears 
on the NY Federal Reserve's Website at the SOFR Determination Time; or (ii) if the 
SOFR Index specified in (i) above does not so appear, unless both a SOFR Transition 
Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, the SOFR Index as 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
for which the SOFR Index was published on the NY Federal Reserve's Website;

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
"SOFR IndexFinal" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the value of the SOFR Index 
on the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to 
the Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring Interest Period End Date for such 
Interest Period;  
"SOFR IndexInitial" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the value of the SOFR Index 
on the date falling the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to 
the Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (or, in the case 
of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date); 
"NY Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York; 
"NY Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the NY Federal Reserve, 
currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the NY Federal Reserve 
or the website of any successor administrator of SOFR; 
"Reuters Page USDSOFR=" means the Reuters page designated "USDSOFR=" or 
any successor page or service; 
"SOFR" means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in respect of a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, in accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) (the "SOFR Determination Time") on the NY Federal Reserve's 
Website on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, as such rate is reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page for 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day or, if no such rate is reported 
on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate that is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, if no such 
rate is reported on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on the NY Federal Reserve's Website on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the "SOFR Screen Page"); or 
(y) 
if the rate specified in (x) above does not so appear and the Calculation Agent 
determines that a SOFR Transition Event has not occurred, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate published on the NY Federal Reserve's Website for 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the NY Federal Reserve's 
Website; 
"SOFR Arithmetic Mean" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the arithmetic 
mean of SOFR for each calendar day during such Interest Period, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that, SOFR in respect of each calendar day during the 
period from, and including, the SOFR Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the next 
occurring Interest Period End Date will be SOFR on the SOFR Cut-Off Date. For these 
purposes, SOFR in respect of any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be SOFR 
in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day; 
"SOFR Cut-Off Date" means, unless specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the fourth U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day prior to the next occurring Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period (or 
such other number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms); and

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(SIFMA) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for 
the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding Conditions 9(f)(i) to 9(f)(ii), if the Calculation Agent determines on 
or prior to the SOFR Determination Time, that a SOFR Transition Event and its related 
SOFR Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the relevant SOFR Benchmark 
(as defined below), then the provisions set forth in Condition 9(f)(iv) (SOFR 
Replacement Provisions) below will apply to all determinations of the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period thereafter. 
(iv) 
SOFR Replacement Provisions 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines at any time prior to the 
SOFR Determination Time on any U.S. Government Securities Business Day that a SOFR 
Transition Event and the related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, the Issuer will appoint 
an agent (the "Replacement Rate Determination Agent") which will determine the SOFR 
Replacement. The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-
dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as 
appointed by the Issuer, (y) the Issuer, (z) an affiliate of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or 
(zz) such other entity that the Issuer determines to be competent to carry out such role. 
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Replacement, the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent will determine appropriate SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) or Replacement Rate Determination Agent (as the case may be) pursuant to 
these provisions, will (in the absence of manifest error) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent, the Agent and the Noteholders. 
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the Issuer (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) may subsequently determine that a SOFR Transition Event and a related 
SOFR Replacement Date have occurred in respect of such SOFR Replacement, provided that 
the SOFR Benchmark has already been substituted by the SOFR Replacement and any SOFR 
Replacement Conforming Changes in connection with such substitution have been applied. In 
such circumstances, the SOFR Replacement shall be deemed to be the SOFR Benchmark and all 
relevant definitions shall be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no SOFR Replacement will be adopted, nor any SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment be applied, nor will any SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes be made, if and 
to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to 
prejudice the qualification of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 capital or Subordinated 
Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and (where applicable) Ordinary Senior Notes as 
TLAC/MREL-Eligible Instruments for the purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations, or 
could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement Provisions above, the following definitions shall 
apply: 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to 
SOFR for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event with 
respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
and/or the NY Federal Reserve or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any successor 
thereto; 
"SOFR Benchmark" means (a) (unless "SOFR Index with Observation Shift" is specified in 
the relevant Terms) SOFR or (b) SOFR Index (each as defined in Condition 9(f)(iii) above); 
"SOFR Replacement" means any one (or more) of the SOFR Replacement Alternatives to be 
determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR Replacement Date if 
the Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent), determines that a SOFR Transition Event 
and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred on or prior to the SOFR Determination 
Time in respect of any determination of the SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in accordance with: 
(x) 
the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement Alternatives Priority in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(y) 
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance with the priority set forth below: 
(1) 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; 
(2) 
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and 
(3) 
Industry Replacement, 
provided that, in each case, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent is unable to determine 
the SOFR Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement Alternative listed, it 
shall attempt to determine the SOFR Replacement in accordance with each subsequent SOFR 
Replacement Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is determined. The SOFR Replacement will 
replace the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of 
Interest in respect of the relevant Interest Period and each subsequent Interest Period, subject to 
the occurrence of a subsequent SOFR Transition Event and related SOFR Replacement Date; 
"SOFR Replacement Alternatives" means: 
(x) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment 
(the "Relevant Governmental Body Replacement"); 
(y) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the 
"ISDA Fallback Replacement"); or 
(z) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the 
relevant Interest Period giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate as a 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate securities at such time and (ii) the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the 
"Industry Replacement"); 
"SOFR Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the applicable SOFR 
Replacement Date: 
(x) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
SOFR Replacement;

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
(y) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(z) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) determined 
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
securities at such time; 
"SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any SOFR Replacement, 
any technical, administrative or operational changes (including, but not limited to, changes to 
timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to each interest period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count fractions, business day 
convention and other administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible 
or if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use of 
the SOFR Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is reasonably necessary, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); 
"SOFR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(x) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (x) or (y) of the definition of "SOFR Transition Event" the 
later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(y) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (z) of the definition of "SOFR Transition Event" the date 
of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; or 
(z) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (aa) the last such consecutive U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day on which the SOFR Benchmark has not been published,  
provided that, in the event of any public statements or publications of information as referenced 
in sub-paragraph (x) or (y) above, should such event or circumstance referred to in such a public 
statement or publication occur on a date falling later than three months after the relevant public 
statement or publication, the SOFR Transition Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling 
three months prior to such specified date (and not the date of the relevant public statement or 
publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any determination, the 
SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the SOFR Determination 
Time for such determination. 
"SOFR Transition Event" means the occurrence of any one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(x) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(y) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central bank for 
the currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), which states that the administrator of the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, 
if relevant); 
(z) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing 
that the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) is no longer representative, 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has been or will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(aa) 
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator (or a successor 
administrator) for six consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business Days; and 
"Unadjusted SOFR Replacement" means the SOFR Replacement prior to the application of 
any SOFR Replacement Adjustment 
(v) 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 15 (Events 
of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest 
Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which 
such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as 
any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest Period had been shortened 
accordingly. 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 
ISDA Definitions or (ii) if "2021 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 2021 
ISDA Definitions (in each case, the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the day specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and 
(iv) 
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where:

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
(A) 
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
and 
(B) 
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate; 
(v) 
if the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), Compounding is specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(A) 
Compounding with Lookback is specified as the Overnight Rate Compounding Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, then (I) Compounding with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method and (II) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(B) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method in the relevant Final Terms, then (I) Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift is the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, (II) Observation 
Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (III) Observation Period 
Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(C) 
Compounding with Lockout is specified as the Overnight Rate Compounding Method 
in the relevant Final Terms, then (I) Compounding with Lockout is the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method, (II) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (III) 
Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(vi) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is an Overnight 
Floating Rate Option, Averaging is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(A) 
Averaging with Lookback is specified as the Overnight Rate Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, then (a) Averaging with Lookback is the Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method and (b) Lookback is the number of Applicable Business Days (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift is specified as the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, then (a) Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
is the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, (b) Observation Period Shift is the number of 
Observation Period Shift Business Days (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(C) 
Averaging with Lockout is specified as the Overnight Rate Averaging Method in the 
relevant Final Terms, then (a) Averaging with Lockout is the Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, (b) Lockout is the number of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and (c) Lockout Period Business Days (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions), if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(vii) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Index Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
and Index Provisions are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and, (a) Observation Period

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and (b) Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days, if applicable, are the days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(viii) 
in connection with any Compounding Method, Averaging Method or Index Method specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (each as determined in accordance with paragraphs (v), (vi) and (vii) 
above), references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; and 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ix) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions, 
(A) 
"Administrator/ Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate 
Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" in 
the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, the reference to "Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA Definitions to 
numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed to be references to the 
numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9(g), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated 
Maturity", "Reset Date", "Overnight Floating Rate Option", "Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method", "Compounding with Lookback", "Compounding with Observation Period Shift", 
"Compounding with Lockout", "Applicable Business Days", "Observation Period Shift Business 
Days", "Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days", "Lockout Period Business Days", 
"Overnight Rate Averaging Method", "Averaging with Lookback", "Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift", "Averaging with Lockout", "Compounded Index Floating Rate Option", "Index 
Method and Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift" have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(h) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period.  The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose 
a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.  
(j) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each 
Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period.  Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders.  The

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period.  If 
the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall 
not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and 
the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.  
(k) 
Notifications: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
10. 
Interest – Benchmark Discontinuation 
(a) 
Independent Adviser: 
(i) 
Unless ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate (other than SOFR) when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
with a view to the Issuer determining a Successor Rate (subject to the terms of this Condition 
10), failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 
10(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 
10(d) (Benchmark Amendments)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 10 shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the Noteholders for any 
advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to 
this Condition 10(a). 
(ii) 
If: 
(A) 
the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or  
(B) 
the Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 10(a) prior to the relevant Reset Determination Date or 
Interest Determination Date, as applicable,  
the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period, as 
applicable, shall be determined by reference to the last observable Original Reference Rate which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page or Fixed Reset Rate Relevant Screen Page after the most 
recent Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date, as applicable, or, if none, shall 
be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, respectively. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Interest Rate. Where a different 
Margin or Reset Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, as 
applicable, from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, 
respectively, the Margin or Reset Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, 
respectively, shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Reset Margin relating to that last 
preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, respectively.  
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 10(a)(ii) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Reset Period or Interest Period only and any subsequent Reset Periods or Interest Periods are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 10(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate: If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser 
and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that:

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 10(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof), as applicable, for 
all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 10); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 10(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof), as applicable, for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the operation of this Condition 10). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread: The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the 
Adjustment Spread), if any, shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be). If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 10 and the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then 
the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 10(e) (Notices, etc.), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 10, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent is 
not obliged to concur with the Issuer or the Independent Adviser in respect of any changes or amendments 
as contemplated under this Condition 10(d) to which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the 
relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it 
to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions 
afforded to the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as applicable) in the Agency Agreement 
and/or these Conditions. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 10(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 10, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be 
adopted, nor will the applicable Adjustment Spread be applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be 
made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected 
to prejudice the qualification of the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes as Tier 2 capital or Subordinated Notes, 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and (where applicable) Ordinary Senior Notes as TLAC/MREL-Eligible 
Instruments for the purposes of the Applicable Banking Regulations, or could reasonably result in the 
Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the 
Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(e) 
Notices, etc.: Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 10 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 25 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
No later than the date on which the Issuer notifies the Noteholders of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (A) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (B) the Successor Rate or, as the case may 
be, the Alternative Rate, (C) the applicable Adjustment Spread (if any) and (D) the specific terms

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition 10; and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Fiscal Agent shall display such certificate at its offices, for inspection by the Noteholders, at all 
reasonable times during normal business hours. 
Each of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents shall be entitled to rely on such 
certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without 
prejudice to the Fiscal Agent's, the Calculation Agent's or the Paying Agents' ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 10, if following the determination of any Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if any), in the Calculation 
Agent's opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 10, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the 
Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course 
of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise 
unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under 
no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, 
wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 
10(a) (Independent Adviser), 10(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate), 10(c) (Adjustment Spread) and 
10(d)(Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Conditions 8 (Fixed Reset Note Provisions) and/or 9(c) (Screen Rate Determination for Notes referencing 
EURIBOR) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. Upon the occurrence 
of a Benchmark Event, this Condition 10 shall prevail. 
(g) 
Definitions: As used in this Condition 10: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines, is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference 
Rate; or  
(iii) 
(if the Issuer determines that no such spread is customarily applied) the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where 
such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
or  
(iv) 
(if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) if no 
such spread, formula or methodology can be determined in accordance with (i) to (iii) above, the 
Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate, having regard to

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances and solely for the purposes 
of this subclause (iv) only, of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to the Noteholders. 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) is 
customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(d) (Benchmark Amendments). 
"Benchmark Event" means:  
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or it will 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes; or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate is or will be (or is or will be deemed by such supervisor to 
be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate; 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (ii) and 
(iii) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the discontinuation 
of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph (iv) above, on the 
date of the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case of sub-paragraph (v) 
above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no longer be (or will be deemed 
by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant underlying market and which is 
specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the date of the relevant public statement. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event shall be determined by the Issuer and promptly notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent nor the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility for making such 
determination. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 10(a) 
(Independent Adviser:). 
"Original Reference Rate" means: 
(i) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof), as applicable, on the Notes; or 
(ii) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has been determined in relation to such 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of this Condition 10,  
as applicable.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
11. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 11 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment).  
12. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 13 
(Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for taxation reasons: Subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes 
and Ordinary Senior Notes qualifying as TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments, to compliance with 
Applicable Banking Regulations then in force and permission of the Competent Authority and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations, the 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as 
may be specified in the relevant final terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if:  
(A) 
(i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to 
in Condition 14 (Taxation), or (ii) the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in 
computing taxation liabilities in Spain in respect of any payment of interest to be made on the 
next Interest Payment Date or the value of such deduction to the Issuer would be materially 
reduced, in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a 
holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; and  
(B) 
in the case of Condition 12(b)(ii)(A) above, such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it,   
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other period as may be specified 
in the relevant final terms) prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or would no longer 
be entitled to claim a deduction or the value of such deduction would be materially reduced; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant final terms) prior to the Interest Payment Date 
occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or would no longer be 
entitled to claim a deduction or the value of such deduction would be materially reduced. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall (A) deliver 
to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) use its best efforts to deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry 
of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 12(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes 
in accordance with this Condition 12(b). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final terms (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in 
such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
plus accrued interest (if any) to such date).  
In the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes qualifying as 
TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments, redemption at the option of the Issuer (a) shall be in whole, (b) shall 
be subject to compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations then in force and permission of the 
Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations and (c) may not take place within a period of (in case of Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes) five years from their date of issue or such other minimum or maximum length as 
may be permitted or required from time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations or the requirements 
of the Competent Authority and (in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
Ordinary Senior Notes qualifying as TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments) one year from their date of issue, 
or, in each case, such other minimum or maximum length as may be permitted or required from time to 
time by Applicable Banking Regulations or the requirements of the Competent Authority. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Capital Event): If a Capital Event occurs, the Tier 2 Subordinated 
Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to such redemption 
being permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations then in force and subject to the permission of the 
Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations, at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to 
the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 25 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), at their Early Redemption Amount, (together 
with interest accrued, if applicable, to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption).

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Disqualification Event): If a Disqualification Event occurs, the 
Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non Preferred Notes and the Ordinary Senior Notes where the 
Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, may be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject to such redemption being permitted by Applicable 
Banking Regulations and permission of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations, at any time, on giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 25 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption) at the Early Redemption Amount (together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption).  
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where the Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant to a Disqualification Event only after five years from 
their date of issuance or such other minimum or maximum length as may be permitted or required from 
time to time by Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Redemption): If the Clean-Up Redemption Option is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, and if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up Percentage") of the initial aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes 
issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) 
have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may, subject in 
the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes qualifying as 
TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments, to compliance with the Applicable Banking Regulations then in force 
and subject to the prior permission of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
if and as required therefor under Applicable Banking Regulations at its option on the Issuer giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 60 calendar days' notice (the "Clean-Up Redemption Notice"), in accordance 
with Condition 25 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), to the Noteholders, redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on 
the date fixed for redemption identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice.  
Tier 2 Subordinated Notes where the Clean-Up Redemption Option has been specified as being applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant this Condition 12(f) only after five years from 
their date of issue or such other minimum or maximum length as may be permitted or required from time 
to time by Applicable Banking Regulations or the requirements of the Competent Authority. Subordinated 
Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes qualifying as TLAC/MREL Eligible 
Instruments where the Clean-Up Redemption Option has been specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms may be redeemed pursuant this Condition 12(f) only after one year from their date of issue 
or such other minimum or maximum length as may be permitted or required from time to time by 
Applicable Banking Regulations or the requirements of the Competent Authority. 
(g) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may purchase Senior Notes and/or Subordinated Notes 
(provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are attached or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. Any purchases of Subordinated 
Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes qualifying as TLAC/MREL Eligible 
Instruments will be made in compliance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the time of such 
purchase and subject to the permission of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, if and as applicable, if required. 
(h) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
12(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing 
of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 12(c) (Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum 
Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date.  In order to exercise the option contained 
in this Condition 12(i), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant final 
terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto 
and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent.  The Paying 
Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the 
depositing Noteholder.  No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance 
with this Condition 12(i), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation 
of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is 
improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing 
Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice 
and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against 
surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying 
Agent in accordance with this Condition 12(i), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent 
shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. No such redemption option will be 
applicable to any Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Ordinary Senior Notes where the 
Disqualification Event has been specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, unless permitted 
under Applicable Banking Regulations.  
(j) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 12(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 12(h) (Partial redemption). 
(k) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 12(k) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with Conditions 12(b) (Redemption for 
taxation reasons), 12(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 12(d) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer (Capital Event)), 12(f) and 12(i) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), and any unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered with them at the time of redemption, 
shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
13. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal) at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due 
on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal 
Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in Condition 13(a) (Principal).

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 14 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto (such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA Withholding"). 
(e) 
No commissions or expenses: No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as 
will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the 
"Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; 
provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction 
of a missing Coupon to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its 
entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount 
of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less 
than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion 
of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount 
of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment 
bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons.  
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 13(g) is applicable or 
that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or 
early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 12(b) (Redemption for taxation reasons), 
Condition 12(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 12(d) (Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer (Capital Event)), Condition 12(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Disqualification 
Event)), Condition 12(f), Condition 12(i) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), or Condition 15 
(Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become 
void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon 
is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not 
be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 13(c) (Payments 
in New York City). 
(j) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented 
to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of 
such payment. 
(k) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be 
exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 20 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
14. 
Taxation  
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, 
any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or 
deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, 
the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts (in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred 
Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes qualifying as TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments and/or Coupons of 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes qualifying as TLAC/MREL 
Eligible Instruments, in respect of the payment of any interest only (but not in respect of the payment of 
any principal)) as will result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding 
or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented for payment:  
(i) 
held by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the 
jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Note or Coupon; 
(ii) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom the Issuer (or the Fiscal Agent on 
its behalf) has not received such information (which may include a tax residence certificate) 
concerning such holder's identity and tax residence (or the identity or tax residence of the 
beneficial owner for whose benefit it holds such Notes) as it may be required in order to comply 
with the procedures that may be implemented to comply with the interpretation of Royal Decree 
1065/2007 eventually made by the Spanish Tax Authorities; or 
(iii) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
holder thereof would have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the same for 
payment on the thirtieth such day; 
(iv) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, individuals resident for tax purposes in Spain if the Spanish 
tax authorities determine payments made to such individuals are not exempt from withholding 
tax and require a withholding to be made; or 
(v) 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish-resident corporate entity if the Spanish tax 
authorities determine that the Notes do not comply with exemption requirements including those 
specified in the Reply to Consultation of the General Directorate for Taxation (Dirección 
General de Tributos) dated 27 July 2004 and require a withholding to be made.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, all payments of principal and interest in respect 
of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer will be paid net of any FATCA Withholding. 
Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of 
FATCA Withholding. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to Condition 12 (Redemption and Purchase), (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Conditions 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) 
and 8 (Fixed Reset Note Provisions) and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition.  
See "Taxation" for a fuller description of certain tax considerations (particularly in relation to 
Noteholders which are resident in Spain) relating to the Notes. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Kingdom of Spain, references in these Conditions to the Kingdom of Spain shall be construed as 
references to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction. 
15. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
This Condition 15(a) only applies to Ordinary Senior Notes unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and references to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
If any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing, then any Note may, 
unless there has been an Extraordinary Resolution to the contrary at a meeting of Noteholders, by written 
notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon the Redemption Amount of 
such Notes together with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and 
payable without further action or formality: 
(i) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or interest in respect of the Notes 
within 14 days of the due date for payment thereof; or 
(ii) 
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer defaults in the performance or observance of any of its 
other obligations under or in respect of the Notes and such default remains unremedied for 30 
days after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer by any Noteholder, has been delivered 
to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent; or  
(iii) 
Cross-default of Issuer or Relevant Subsidiary:   
(A) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries is not paid when due 
or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; or  
(B) 
any such Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise 
than at the option of the Issuer or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries or (provided that no 
event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person entitled to such 
Indebtedness; or 
(C) 
the Issuer or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable 
by it under any Guarantee of any Indebtedness;  
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (A) and/or sub-paragraph 
(B) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph (C) above 
individually or in the aggregate exceeds €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies); or  
(iv) 
Cessation of Business: the Issuer or any of the Issuer´s Relevant Subsidiaries ceases or threatens 
to cease to carry on all or any substantial part of its business (save for the purpose of an 
amalgamation, reorganisation restructuring while solvent); or

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
(v) 
Unsatisfied judgment: one or more final judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of an aggregate 
amount in excess of €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies) is 
rendered against the Issuer or any of its respective Subsidiaries and continue(s) unsatisfied and 
unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date(s) thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for 
payment; or 
(vi) 
Security enforced: a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar 
officer is appointed, of the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues 
of the Issuer or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries provided that the amount of security enforced 
equals or exceeds €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(vii) 
Insolvency: (A)(1) in respect of the Issuer, an order is made by any competent court commencing 
insolvency proceedings (procedimientos concursales) against it or an order is made or a 
resolution is passed for the dissolution, winding up or liquidation (liquidación) of the Issuer, and 
in respect of any of the Issuer's Relevant Subsidiaries, proceedings are initiated against any such 
Relevant Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation 
or other similar laws (except in any such case for the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation); or 
(2) an application made for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, 
administrator or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer (or any of its Relevant 
Subsidiaries) or in relation to the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of 
any of them; or (3) an encumbrance takes possession of the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer (or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries); or (4) a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in 
force against the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer (or any 
of its Relevant Subsidiaries); and (B) in any case is or are not discharged within 30 days; or 
(viii) 
Winding up: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation 
(liquidación) or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Relevant Subsidiaries (except in any such 
case for the purpose of a Permitted Reorganisation); or 
(ix) 
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any of its 
obligations under or in respect of the Notes. 
For the purpose of this Condition 15(a): 
"Permitted Reorganisation" means:  
(a) 
with respect to the Issuer, a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation (i) which has been approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Noteholders and is on a solvent basis; or (ii) 
where the entity resulting from any such reconstruction, merger or amalgamation is (A) a credit 
institution (entidad de crédito) under article 1 of Law 10/2014 and (B) has a rating for long-term 
senior debt assigned by S&P, Moody's, Fitch or DBRS equivalent to or higher than the rating 
for long-term senior debt of the Issuer immediately prior to such reconstruction, merger or 
amalgamation; and  
(b) 
with respect to a Relevant Subsidiary, a reconstruction, merger or amalgamation (i) which has 
been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Noteholders; and (ii) is on a 
solvent basis. 
(b) 
This Condition 15(b) only applies to Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary 
Senior Notes if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, and references to "Notes" shall be construed 
accordingly.  
Save as provided below, there are no events of default under the Subordinated Notes, the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and, to the extent so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Ordinary Senior Notes, 
which could lead to an acceleration of the relevant Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or 
Ordinary Senior Notes. 
If an order is made by any competent court commencing insolvency proceedings (procedimientos 
concursales) against the Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for 
the winding up or liquidation (liquidación) of the Issuer (except in the case of a reconstruction, merger or

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
amalgamation (i) which has been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution at a meeting of Noteholders 
and is on a solvent basis; or (ii) where the entity resulting from any such reconstruction, merger or 
amalgamation is (A) a credit institution (entidad de crédito) under article 1 of Law 10/2014 and (B) has 
a rating for long-term subordinated debt assigned by S&P, Moody's, Fitch or DBRS equivalent to or 
higher than the rating for long-term subordinated debt of the Issuer immediately prior to such 
reconstruction, merger or amalgamation) and such order is continuing, then any Note may, unless there 
has been an Extraordinary Resolution to the contrary at a meeting of Noteholders, by written notice 
addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the 
Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon the Redemption Amount of such 
Notes together with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable 
without further action or formality. 
Neither a cancellation of the Notes, a reduction, in part or in full, of the principal amount of the Notes or 
any accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation 
of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Statutory Loss-Absorption Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Statutory Loss-
Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will be an event of 
default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Noteholders to 
any remedies (including equitable remedies), which are hereby expressly waived. 
16. 
Waiver of set-off rights 
This Condition 16 applies to Notes if the relevant Final Terms so specifies and references to "Notes" shall 
be construed accordingly.  
(i) 
No Noteholder may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, 
claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such Noteholder, directly or 
indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims 
and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any 
sort, whether or not relating to such Note) and each Noteholder shall be deemed to have waived 
all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such 
actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any 
of the amounts owing to any Noteholder by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in 
connection with the Notes is discharged by set-off, such Noteholder shall, subject to applicable 
law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer and, until 
such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in trust for the Issuer 
and accordingly any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide, or shall be construed 
as acknowledging, any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any Noteholder of any Note but 
for this Condition. 
(ii) 
In this Condition 16: 
"Waived Set-Off Rights" means any and all rights of or claims of any Noteholder for deduction, 
set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or 
in connection with any Note. 
17. 
Substitution and Variation 
This Condition 17 applies to Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and Ordinary Senior Notes 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, and references to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
(i) 
If a Capital Event, a Disqualification Event or an event giving rise to the Issuer being entitled to 
redeem the Notes under Condition 12(b) (Redemption for taxation reasons) (a "Tax Event") 
occurs and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes or modify 
the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, so that they are substituted for, or varied to, become, or remain, 
Qualifying Notes, subject to having given not less than 15 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 25 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date for substitution or, as applicable, variation), and subject to obtaining

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
permission of the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if and as 
applicable, thereto, if required. Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner 
in which such substitution or variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect 
or obtain copies of the new terms and conditions of the Notes. Such substitution or variation will 
be effected without any cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
(ii) 
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Notes, be deemed 
to accept the substitution or variation of the terms of the Notes and to grant to the Issuer full 
power and authority to take any action and/or to execute and deliver any document in the name 
and/or on behalf of the Noteholders which is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution 
or variation of the terms of the Notes, as applicable. 
(iii) 
In this Condition 17: 
"Qualifying Notes" means, at any time, any securities denominated in a Specified Currency and 
issued directly by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 18 (Statutory Loss-Absorption Power), have terms not otherwise materially less 
favourable to the Noteholder than the terms of the Notes provided that the Issuer shall have 
delivered a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer to that effect to the Fiscal Agent not 
less than five Business Days prior to (x) in the case of a substitution of the Notes, the issue date 
of the relevant securities or (y) in the case of a variation of the Notes, the date such variation 
becomes effective, provided that such securities shall: 
 
In the case of Notes qualifying as TLAC/MREL Eligible Instruments contain terms 
which comply with the then current requirements for TLAC/MREL Eligible 
Instruments as embodied in the Applicable Banking Regulations and in the case of Tier 
2 Subordinated Notes, contain terms which comply with the current requirements for 
their inclusion on the Tier 2 capital of the Issuer and/or the Group pursuant to 
Applicable Banking Regulations; and 
 
carry the same rate of interest as the Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation; 
and 
 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation; and 
 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation; and 
 
have at least the same ranking as set out in Condition 5 (Status of the Notes); and 
 
not, immediately following such substitution or variation, be subject to a Capital Event, 
Disqualification Event and/or a Tax Event (as defined above); and 
 
be listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange as selected by the Issuer, if the 
Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange immediately prior to the 
relevant substitution or variation, 
and provided that (i) any change in the governing law of the Notes from English law to Spanish 
law so that the Notes become or remain Qualifying Notes shall not be subject to the requirement 
not to be materially less favourable to the interests of the Noteholders; and (ii) any variation in 
the ranking of the relevant Notes as set out in Condition 5 (Status of the Notes) resulting from 
such substitution or modification shall be deemed to be not materially less favourable to the 
interests of the Noteholders where the ranking of such Notes following such substitution or 
modification is at least the same ranking as was applicable to such Notes under Condition 5 
(Status of the Notes) on the Issue Date of such Notes. 
18. 
Statutory Loss-Absorption Power 
(a) 
Acknowledgement: Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, arrangement or 
understanding between the Issuer and the Noteholders, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
the Notes, each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this Condition 18, includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Statutory Loss-Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis; 
 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to the Noteholder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees 
to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes any such shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due; 
 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the 
exercise of the Statutory Loss-Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due: No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due 
will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of the Statutory Loss-Absorption Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, at the time such repayment or payment, 
respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or payment would be permitted to be made by 
the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in the Kingdom of Spain and the EU applicable to the 
Issuer or other members of the Group. 
(c) 
Notice to Noteholders: Upon the exercise of any Statutory Loss-Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes, the Issuer will make available a written notice to the 
Noteholders as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Statutory Loss-Absorption Power. The 
Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Agents for information purposes. No failure or delay 
by the Issuer to deliver a notice to the Noteholders shall affect the validity or enforceability of the exercise 
of the Statutory Loss-Absorption Power. 
(d) 
Duties of the Agents: Upon the exercise of any Statutory Loss-Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, (a) the Agent shall not be required to take any directions from Noteholders, and (b) 
the Issue and Paying Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon any of the Agents whatsoever, in 
each case with respect to the exercise of any Statutory Loss-Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
(e) 
Proration: If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Statutory Loss-Absorption Power with 
respect to less than the total Amounts Due, unless any of the Agents is otherwise instructed by the Issuer 
or the Relevant Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the 
Notes pursuant to the Statutory Loss-Absorption Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
(f) 
Conditions Exhaustive: The matters set forth in this Condition 18 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing 
matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and 
any holder of a Note. 
(g) 
Definitions: In this Condition 18:  
"Amounts Due" means the principal amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, and 
additional amounts, if any, due on the Notes under Condition 14 (Taxation). References to such amounts 
will include amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of the Statutory Loss-Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority;

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
"Regulated Entity" means any entity to which BRRD, as implemented in Spain (including but not limited 
to, Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 1012/2015 and any other implementing regulations) and as amended or 
superseded from time to time, or any other Spanish piece of legislation relating to the Statutory Loss-
Absorption Power, applies, which includes, certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of 
their parent or holding companies; 
"Statutory Loss-Absorption Power" means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the Kingdom of Spain, 
relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (including but not limited to, Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 
1012/2015, and any other implementing regulations) as amended or superseded from time to time, (ii) the 
SRM Regulation, and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any 
obligation of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced, cancelled, 
suspended, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such Regulated 
Entity (or affiliate of such Regulated Entity). 
Please see the risk factor "The Notes may be subject to the exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority. Other powers contained in Law 11/2015 could materially affect the rights 
of the Noteholders under, and the value of, any Notes" for further information.   
19. 
Recognition of Stay Powers 
Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreements, arrangements, or understanding 
between the Issuer and the Noteholders, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, 
each Noteholder (which for the purposes of this Condition 19, includes each holder of a beneficial interest 
in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees that it may be subject to the exercise of Stay 
Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, and agrees to be bound by: 
(a) 
the effect of the exercise of Stay Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority in relation to an obligation 
of the Issuer to each of the Noteholders and/or a right of the Issuer and the Noteholders, as applicable, 
under the Notes, that (without limitation) may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
the suspension of any payment or delivery obligation if the Issuer is failing or likely to fail or 
under resolution; 
the restriction of enforcement of security interests if the Issuer is under resolution; and 
the temporary suspension of termination rights if the Issuer is under resolution. 
(b) 
the fact that the exercise of Stay Powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority shall not constitute non-
performance of a contractual obligation and therefore deemed to be an enforcement event within the 
meaning of Directive 2002/47/EC or as insolvency proceedings within the meaning of Directive 98/26/EC 
implemented in Spain through Royal Decree-law 5/2005 and Law 41/1999, respectively. 
For the purposes of this Condition 19: 
"Stay Powers" means any suspension of obligations or restriction of rights in accordance with Articles 
33a, 69, 70 and 71 of BRRD, implemented in Spain through Articles 66 and 70 to 70 ter of Law 11/2015. 
20. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons 
are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
21. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, 
security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes or 
Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
22. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below.  The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that:  
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a 
Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any 
particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required 
by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
23. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Interpretation: References in this Condition to the Notes are to the Series of Notes in respect of which 
Meeting is, or is proposed to be, convened. 
(b) 
Convening of Meeting: The Issuer may convene a Meeting at any time, and shall be obliged to do so upon 
the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one tenth of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes. 
(c) 
Notice: At least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on which 
the relevant Meeting is to be held) specifying the date, time and place of the Meeting (or, in the case of 
virtual meetings, the details of the electronic platform to be used and the means to attend and participate 
in it) shall be given to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer).  The notice shall 
set out the full text of any resolutions to be proposed and shall state that the Notes may be deposited with, 
or to the order of any Paying Agent for the purpose of obtaining Voting Certificates not later than 48 
hours before the time fixed for the Meeting. 
(d) 
Chairperson: An individual (who may, but need not, be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer 
may take the chair at any Meeting but, if no such nomination is made or if the individual nominated is not 
present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the Meeting, those present shall elect one of themselves 
to take the chair failing which, the Issuer may appoint a Chairperson.  The Chairperson of an adjourned 
Meeting need not be the same person as was the Chairperson of the original Meeting. 
(e) 
Quorum:  The quorum at any Meeting shall be one or more Voters representing or holding not less than 
the Relevant Fraction of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; provided, however, 
that, so long as at least the Relevant Fraction of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
is represented by a Global Note, a single Proxy representing the holder thereof shall be deemed to be one 
or more Voters for the purpose of forming a quorum. 
(f) 
Adjournment for want of quorum: If within 15 minutes after the time fixed for any Meeting a quorum is 
not present, then: 
(a) 
in the case of a Meeting requested by Noteholders, it shall be dissolved; and

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of any other Meeting, it shall be adjourned for such period (which shall be 
not less than 14 days and not more than 42 days) and to such place as the Chairperson 
determines; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer so decides; and 
(ii) 
no Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum. 
(g) 
Adjourned Meeting: The Chairperson may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any Meeting, 
adjourn such Meeting from time to time and from place to place (including prescribe the holding of the 
Meeting by conference call, including by use of a videoconference platform in circumstances where it 
may be impractical or inadvisable to hold a physical Meeting), but no business shall be transacted at any 
adjourned Meeting except business which might lawfully have been transacted at the Meeting from which 
the adjournment took place. 
(h) 
Notice following adjournment: Condition 23(c) (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be 
resumed after adjournment for want of a quorum save that: 
(a) 
ten days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on 
which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
(b) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the 
Meeting resumes. 
(i) 
Participation: The following may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) 
Voters; 
(b) 
representatives of the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent; 
(c) 
the financial advisers of the Issuer;  
(d) 
the legal counsel to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent; and 
(e) 
any other person approved by the Meeting. 
(j) 
Show of hands: Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of 
hands.  Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairperson's 
declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed, passed by a particular majority, rejected 
or rejected by a particular majority shall be conclusive, without proof of the number of votes cast for, or 
against, the resolution.  Where there is only one Voter, this paragraph shall not apply and the resolution 
will immediately be decided by means of a poll. 
(k) 
Poll: A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairperson, the Issuer or one or more Voters 
representing or holding not less than one fiftieth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes.  The poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as the Chairperson directs, but any 
poll demanded on the election of the Chairperson or on any question of adjournment shall be taken at the 
Meeting without adjournment.  A valid demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuation of the relevant 
Meeting for any other business as the Chairperson directs. 
(l) 
Votes: Every Voter shall have: 
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
(b) 
on a poll, the number of votes obtained by dividing the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Note(s) represented or held by him by the unit of currency in which the 
Notes are denominated. 
In the case of a voting tie the Chairperson shall have a casting vote. 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction state otherwise, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise 
all the votes to which he is entitled or to cast all the votes which he exercises in the same way.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
(m) 
Powers: A Meeting shall have power (exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution), without prejudice to any 
other powers conferred on it or any other person: 
(a) 
to approve any Reserved Matter; 
(b) 
to approve any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of any of these Conditions or any arrangement in respect of the obligations 
of the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes; 
(c) 
to approve any proposal by the Issuer for any modification of any provision of the Deed 
of Covenant insofar as it relates to the Deed of Covenant or any arrangement in respect 
of the obligations of the Issuer thereunder; 
(d) 
to approve the substitution of any person for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as 
principal obligor under the Notes and the Deed of Covenant;  
(e) 
to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes or the Deed of Covenant, or any act or omission which 
might otherwise constitute an event of default under the Notes; 
(f) 
to authorise the Fiscal Agent or any other person to execute all documents and do all 
things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; 
(g) 
to give any other authorisation or approval which is required to be given by 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(h) 
to appoint any persons as a committee to represent the interests of the Noteholders and 
to confer upon such committee any powers which the Noteholders could themselves 
exercise by Extraordinary Resolution. 
(n) 
Resolutions bind all holders: A resolution shall be binding upon all Noteholders and holders of Coupons 
and Talons whether or not present at such Meeting and each of the Noteholders shall be bound to give 
effect to it accordingly.  Notice of the result of every vote on an Extraordinary Resolution shall be given 
to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer) within 14 days of the conclusion of 
the Meeting.  
(o) 
Minutes: Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at each Meeting.  The Chairperson 
shall sign the minutes, which shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings recorded therein.  Unless 
and until the contrary is proved, every such Meeting in respect of the proceedings of which minutes have 
been summarised and signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions 
passed or proceedings transacted at it to have been duly passed and transacted. 
(p) 
Written Resolution: A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. 
(q) 
Modification: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders 
or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error or to make any modification that is of a minor, formal 
or technical nature or to comply with a mandatory provision of law.  In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made 
to correct a manifest error or it is, in the sole opinion of the Issuer, not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders. By its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder and Couponholder (which for these 
purposes includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes or the Coupons) will be deemed to have 
expressly consented to a modification of the Notes, these Conditions or the Agency Agreement pursuant 
to this Condition 23. 
24. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
25. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published (a) if the rules of the exchange on which the Notes 
are listed so required, in a leading English language daily newspaper published in London (which is 
expected to be the Financial Times) or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language 
daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe or (b) if and for so long as the Notes are admitted 
to trading on, and listed on the Official List of the Euronext Dublin, on Euronext Dublin's website, 
www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date 
of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which 
publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers).  Couponholders shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
26. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms) (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next 
lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) unless stated otherwise, all amounts denominated in any other 
currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in 
such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
27. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The governing law and jurisdiction of the Notes will be specified in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
27.1 
English law 
If English law is specified as the governing law of the Notes in the relevant Final Terms, the provisions 
of this Condition 27.1 shall apply to the Notes.  
(a) 
Governing law: Condition 5 (Status of the Notes) is governed by Spanish law. Save as 
mentioned above, the Notes, Coupons and Talons and all matters arising from or 
connected with the Notes, Coupons and Talons (including a dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
English Courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
arising from or connected with the Notes, Coupons and/or Talons (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) (a 
"Dispute").  
(c) 
Appropriate Forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not 
argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Condition 27.1(b) (English Courts) is for the benefit of the holders of the Notes, 
Coupons and/or Talons only.  As a result, nothing in this Condition 27 prevents any 
holder of a Note, Coupon or Talon from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute 
("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction.  To the extent allowed by law, 
holders of Notes, Coupons and/or Talons may take concurrent Proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding the above Conditions 27.1(b) to (d), the courts of the city of Madrid 
(Spain) have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute that may arise from or in 
connection with the exercise of the Statutory Loss-Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (a "Bail-in Dispute") and accordingly, each of the Issuer and 
holders of Notes, Coupons and/or Talons in relation to any Bail-in Dispute submits to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objection to the courts of the

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
city of Madrid (Spain) on the ground that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate 
forum to settle any Bail-in Dispute. 
(f) 
Service of process: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings 
and any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be 
served on it by being delivered to Banco de Sabadell, S.A., London Branch at 120 Pall 
Mall, London SW1Y 5EA, or to such other person with an address in England or Wales 
and/or at such other address in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in 
writing to the Noteholders. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any 
Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.   
(g) 
Rights of Third Parties: No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition 
of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
27.2 
Spanish Law 
If Spanish law is specified as the governing law of the Notes in the relevant Final Terms, the provisions 
of this Condition 27.2 shall apply to the Notes. 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes, Coupons and Talons and all matters arising from or 
connected with the Notes, Coupons, and Talons (including a dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) and the exercise 
of the Statutory Loss-Absorption Power shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, Spanish law. 
(b) 
Madrid courts: The Issuer hereby irrevocably agrees for the benefit of the holders of 
the Notes, Coupons or Talons that the courts of the city of Madrid (Spain) have 
jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising from or connected with the Notes, Coupons 
and/or Talons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them) and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes, Talons or Coupons (together referred to 
as "Proceedings", may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably waives any 
objection which it may have now or hereinafter to the laying of the venue of 
Proceedings in the courts of the city of Madrid (Spain). 
(c) 
To the extent permitted by law, nothing contained in this Condition 27.2 shall limit any 
rights of any holders of the Notes, Coupons or Talons (other than in relation to a Bail-
in Dispute) to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other competent jurisdictions, whether concurrently or 
not. 
(d) 
In addition, the courts of the city of Madrid (Spain) have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any Bail-in Dispute and accordingly each of the Issuer and holders of Notes, Coupons 
and/or Talons in relation to any Bail-in Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
such courts and waives any objection to the courts of the city of Madrid (Spain) on the 
ground that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Bail-in 
Dispute.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that costumer would not qualify as professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 (1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]1 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA 
("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
                                                          
1  
Legend to be included if the product governance requirements under MiFID II apply to the relevant Tranche in accordance with 
Directive (EU) 2021/338 (as implemented in the relevant Member States).

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
[Notification under Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the "SFA") – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the 
Issuer has determined the classification of the Notes to be [capital markets products other than] prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018)].  
[Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
Final Terms dated [] 
Banco de Sabadell, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 May 2023 [and the supplement[s] dated [insert date]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in 
order to obtain all the relevant information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes. [The Base Prospectus has 
been published on the website of Euronext Dublin and is available for viewing at https://live.euronext.com/]2 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [1 June 2022] / [31 May 2021] / [26 May 2020] / [29 
April 2019] / [23 March 2018] / [31 March 2016] [and the supplement to it dated [date]] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 19 May 2023. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 19 May 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
"Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in order to 
obtain all the relevant information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes. The Base Prospectus has been 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin and is available for viewing at https://live.euronext.com/] 
For the purposes of these Final Terms, the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended.  
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance of 
the Notes described herein.]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which 
case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance 
for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Banco de Sabadell, S.A. 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
(ii)         [Tranche Number:] 
[•] 
(iii)     [Date on which the Notes become 
fungible:] 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
                                                          
2  
In the case of Notes to be listed on a non-regulated market, references to the Prospectus Regulation to be removed.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
purposes with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 27 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [•]].] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
(i) 
[Series]: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•] (in the case of fungible issues 
only, if applicable)] 
6. 
(i)          Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
 
No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in 
another currency)  
(ii)         Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7. 
(i)          Trade Date: 
[•] 
(ii)         Issue Date: 
[•] 
(iii)        Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes)- Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify relevant 
month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[Fixed Reset Notes] 
 
[•] month [EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR]+/– [•] 
per cent. Floating Rate] [Note that the Reference Rate 
can only be EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA or SOFR] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16/17] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [•]/[100] per cent. of their nominal 
amount. 
11. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 16 below 
and identify there/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Capital Event (Tier 2 Subordinated Notes)]

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
 
[Disqualification Event (Senior Notes – Ordinary 
Senior Notes/ Senior Notes – Senior Non Preferred 
Notes / Senior Subordinated Notes / Tier 2 
Subordinated Notes)]  
 
[Issuer Call – Clean-Up Redemption Option]  
 
[See paragraphs 18/19/20/21/22 below)] 
13. 
(i)          Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes - Ordinary Senior Notes / Senior Notes 
- Senior Non Preferred Notes / Subordinated Notes - 
Senior Subordinated Notes / Subordinated Notes - Tier 
2 Subordinated Notes] 
(ii)        [Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes] obtained: 
[•] [and [•], respectively  
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date / [payable [annually/ semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]  
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year in each year [adjusted in accordance 
with [•]]/[not adjusted] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] [Not Applicable] 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s)]  
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA/ISDA) 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / [Actual/360]/[30/360]] 
(vi) 
[Ratings Step-up/Step down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Step-up/Step-down Margin: 
[•] per cent. per annum]] 
15. 
Fixed Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Interest Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date / [payable [annually/ semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [•]]/[not 
adjusted]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•][Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA/ISDA) 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / [Actual/360]/[30/360] 
(vi) 
First Reset Date: 
[•] 
(vii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Mid Swap Rate: 
[•] 
(x) 
Reset Margin: 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
(xi) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
(xii) 
Floating Leg Reference Rate: 
[•] 
(xiii) 
Floating Leg Screen Page: 
[•] 
(xiv) 
Initial Mid-Swap Rate: 
[•] per cent. per annum (quoted on a[n annual/semi-
annual basis]) 
(xv) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
Banco 
de 
Sabadell, S.A.): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
(xvi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(xvii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] 
(iii) 
[First Interest Payment Date]: 
[•] 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
Banco 
de 
Sabadell, S.A.): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[•] month [EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR] [Note 
that the Reference Rate can only be EURIBOR, €STR, 
SONIA or SOFR] 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•]  
(In the case of EURIBOR, the second day on which T2 
is open prior to the start of each Interest Period) 
[[ ] London Banking Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date])]  
(In the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is 
SONIA) 
[[ ] U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to each Interest Payment Date] 
(In the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is 
SOFR) 
[[ ] TARGET Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date] 
(In the case of Notes where the Reference Rate is 
€STR)  
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] [For example, Reuters/EURIBOR 01] 
 
Calculation Method: 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: [SONIA 
Compounded Daily]/[SONIA Index Compounded 
Daily] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR: [SOFR 
Arithmetic 
Mean]/[SOFR 
Compound: 
[SOFR 
Compound with Lookback]/[SOFR Compound with 
Observation Period Shift]/ ]/[SOFR Compound with 
Payment Delay]/[SOFR Index with Observation 
Shift]]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is €STR: [€STR 
Compounded Daily]/[€STR Index Compounded 
Daily]/[€STR Weighted Average]] 
 
Observation Method: 
[Include 
where 
the 
Calculation 
Method 
is 
SONIA/€STR 
Compounded 
Daily: 
[Lag]/[Lock-
out]/[Shift]] 
 
p: 
[[specify] [London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/ [TARGET Business 
Days]//[As per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA, €STR, or 
SOFR (where the Calculation Method is SOFR 
Compound: SOFR Compound with Lookback))

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
 
Observation Shift Days: 
[[specify] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not Applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR and the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR with 
Observation Period Shift or SOFR Index with 
Observation Shift) 
 
Interest Payment Delay: 
[Not Applicable / [ ] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 
 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[As per Conditions] [specify] [Not Applicable] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA or €STR  
and the Observation Method is “Lag”, “Shift” or 
“Lock-out” or SOFR and the Calculation Method is 
Compound with Observation Period Shift, Compound 
with Payment Delay or Index with Observation Shift) 
 
[SOFR Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[[specify] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]/[ Not Applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR. Must 
apply where the Calculation Method is SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean) 
 
[SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives Priority: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority of SOFR 
Replacement Alternatives listed in Condition 9(f)(iv)]] 
 
[ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]  
 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
Compounding: 
- 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Compounding with Lookback: Lookback: [•] 
Applicable Business Days] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift:  
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days. Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: [•]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
[Compounding with Lockout: Lockout: [•] Lockout 
Period Business Days. Lockout Period Business Days: 
[•]/[Applicable Business Days]] 
 
Averaging: 
- 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Averaging with Lookback: Lookback: [•] Applicable 
Business Days][Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift: Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days. Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days: [•]/[Not Applicable.]] 
[Averaging with Lockout: Lockout: [•] Lockout 
Period Business Days. Lockout Period Business Days: 
[•]/[Applicable Business Days.]] 
 
Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
               - Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift: 
Observation Period Shift: [•] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days. 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Linear interpolation:  
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
(xv) 
[Ratings Step-up/Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Step-up/Step-down Margin: 
[•] per cent. per annum]] 
17. 
[Zero Coupon Note Provisions] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
[Accrual Yield:] 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
[Reference Price:] 
[•] 
(iii) 
[Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amount:] 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option (Condition 12(c)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
(Call): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(a) 
[Reference Bond: 
[•] 
(b) 
[Quotation Time: 
[•] 
(c) 
[Redemption Margin: 
[•] per cent. 
(d) 
[Determination Date: 
[•] 
(e) 
[Reference Dealers: 
[•] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
19. 
Capital Event (Condition 12(d)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(May be applicable to Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) 
20. 
Disqualification Event (Condition 12(e)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(May be applicable to Senior Notes/Subordinated 
Notes) 
21. 
Put Option (Condition 12(i)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
22. 
Clean-Up Redemption Option (Condition 
12(f)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Clean-Up Percentage: 
[[75] per cent. / [•] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) of each Note and method, if 
any, 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount / [•] 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default or upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event or a Disqualification Event: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
[Ordinary Senior Notes - Events of Default 
(Condition 15)]: 
[Condition 15(a) Not Applicable and Condition 15(b) 
Applicable] (Applicable only for Ordinary Senior 
Notes if the Ordinary Senior Notes are intended to 
qualify as eligible liabilities) 
26. 
[Ordinary Senior Notes – Negative Pledge 
(Condition 6)]: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only for 
Ordinary Senior Notes if the Ordinary Senior Notes 
are not intended to qualify as eligible liabilities) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005] (Include for Notes that are to be 
offered in Belgium) 
28. 
New Global Note form: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
29. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•] ][Note that this paragraph relates 
to the date of payment, and not the end dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(a)(v) relates] 
30. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No] 
31. 
Substitution and Variation: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
32. 
Waiver of set-off rights (Condition 16): 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
33. 
Governing law (Condition 27): 
[English law /Spanish law] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
Signed on behalf of Banco de Sabadell, S.A.  
By: 
 ........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING  
 
(i) 
Admission to Listing: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to listing on 
[the Official List of Euronext Dublin] with effect from 
[•].]  
(ii) 
Admission to Trading: 
Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [the regulated market of Euronext Dublin] with 
effect from [•].] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
Ratings: 
[S&P: [•]] 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
 
[Fitch: [•]] 
 
[DBRS: [•]] 
 
[[Other]: [•]] 
 
 [Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
 
Option 1 – Credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
 
Option 2 - Credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA but relevant rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency which is established and registered under the 
CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA  
but the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation").

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
 
Option 3 - Credit rating agency is not established in 
the EEA and relevant rating is not endorsed under 
the CRA Regulation but credit rating agency is 
certified under the CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
but is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
 
Option 4 - Credit rating agency neither established in 
the EEA nor certified under the CRA Regulation and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation   
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and 
the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. 
 
Option 5- Credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
Option 6 - Credit rating agency established in a third 
country but relevant rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency which is established and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in a third 
country but the rating it has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation the UK CRA Regulation.  
 
Option 7 - Credit rating agency is established in a 
third country and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the UK CRA Regulation but credit rating 
agency is certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in a third 
country but is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for the fees [of] [insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See item (a) of section "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus./The Notes are specified as being ["Green 
Bonds"]["Social Bonds"]["Sustainability Bonds"] and 
the net proceeds from the issuance of the Notes will be 
used as described in "Use of Proceeds" in the Base 
Prospectus./Give details, if reasons for offer are 
different from general corporate purposes or the 
Notes are not identified as “Green Bonds”, “Social 
Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds”] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[•] 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[•] 
Common Code: 
[•] 
CFI: 
[See/[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
The actual code should only be included where the 
Issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
FISN: 
[See/[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
The actual code should only be included where the 
Issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]/  
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) 
Names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s), 
if any: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form.  Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Conditions of the Notes to "Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant 
Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in the case of 
a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder") must look solely to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for 
such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation 
to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long 
as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the 
Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions of the Notes as they apply to the Global 
Note.  The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment 
of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN 
the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day : In the case of a Global Note, shall be: if the currency of payment is euro, any day which 
is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre (as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms).  
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 12(i) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the 
deposit of the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the 
principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable 
and may not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 12(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be 
redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes 
to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 25 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
(or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the 
Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common 
safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 25 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
Purchase and Cancellation: Cancellation of any Note surrendered for cancellation following its purchase will be 
effected by reduction in the principal amount of the relevant Global Note. 
Default: Following the giving of a notice of an event of default by or through a common depository or, as the case 
may be, a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, accountholders with a clearing system 
will acquire direct enforcement rights against the Issuer under the terms of Condition 4 (Direct Rights) of the 
Conditions and, as applicable (i) in the case of English Law Notes, the Deed of Covenant and (ii) in the case of 
Spanish Law Notes, the provisions of the Global Notes. 
Prescription: Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes which are represented by a permanent Global Note will 
become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years 
(in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date.  
Meetings: The holder of a permanent Global Note will be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any 
quorum requirements of a meeting of holders and, at any such meeting, as having one vote in respect of each 
minimum Denomination of Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BANCO SABADELL 
Incorporation and status 
The Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries compose the Sabadell Group. The Issuer was incorporated on 31 
December 1881 in the town of Sabadell, near Barcelona for an unlimited term and conducts its business under the 
commercial name "Banco Sabadell". 
The Issuer has its registered office in the city of Alicante, at Avenida Óscar Esplá nº 37, PC 03007, Spain (contact 
telephone number 0034 902 030 255) and is registered with the Commercial Registry of Alicante (Spain) under 
volume 4,070, book 1 and sheet A-156980. 
The Issuer is a Spanish company with legal status as a public limited company (sociedad anónima) and is governed 
by the Spanish Companies Law approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010, of 2 July (Texto Refundido de la 
Ley de Sociedades de Capital aprobado por el Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2010, de 2 de julio), as amended (the 
"Spanish Companies Law"). The Issuer is subject to special legislation applicable to credit entities in general, the 
supervision, control and regulation of the ECB, and, as a listed company, the regulatory oversight of the CNMV. 
Developments 
Strategic agreement to provide digital payment services entered into with Nexi S.p.A. (pending completion) 
On 27 February 2023, Banco Sabadell and Nexi S.p.A. (“Nexi”) entered into a strategic agreement to provide 
digital payment services for a renewable 10-year period. The agreement involves the acquisition by Nexi of 80 per 
cent. of Paycomet, S.L.U., Banco Sabadell’s payments subsidiary, for €280 million. Banco Sabadell will retain a 
20 per cent. stake for at least 3 years, whilst aligning interests with its new industrial partner. After that period, 
Banco Sabadell will have an option to sell its 20 per cent. stake. 
The total amount of the transaction was set at €350 million (including the abovementioned €280 million for the 80 
per cent. of the shares in Paycomet, S.L.U.), which may be increased depending on the achievement of certain 
objectives. 
The transaction, which is subject to the relevant approvals, is expected to generate a positive impact of 14 basis 
points on Banco Sabadell's fully-loaded CET1 ratio upon closing. Closing of the transaction is expected to take 
place in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
Agreement with the British regulators regarding TSB’s migration to the Group’s technology platform (reached in 
December 2022) 
Integration of TSB into the Group required the migration of TSB's IT system from the Lloyds Banking Group to 
Banco Sabadell (the “TSB Migration”), which entailed transferring the data of around 8.5 million customers to 
the Group’s technology platform. Immediately after the TSB Migration some customers started experiencing 
problems in accessing digital channels, delays on the telephone helpline and slower transaction processing. The 
repercussions of this were an increase in fraud attempts against TSB customers. In this context, in 2018 TSB’s 
board of directors requested an independent investigation to be launched, which is already concluded, while an 
investigation by the British authorities into the causes and circumstances of the incidents that occurred subsequent 
to TSB Migration was also launched in parallel. 
On 16 December 2022, TSB reached an agreement with the British regulators on the conclusions of such 
investigation pursuant to which TSB is required to pay the British regulators £48.65 million (approximately, 
€57 million). 
Said payment, which was accounted for by TSB in the fourth quarter of the 2022 financial year, had an estimated 
capital impact of 6 basis points on Banco Sabadell's fully-loaded CET1 ratio. However, it is estimated that the 
insurance policies arranged by the Group will enable this amount and the impact on capital to be offset. For the 
year ended 31 December 2022, income amounting to €45 million corresponding to compensation arising from the 
aforesaid arranged insurance policies was recognised under the heading “Other operating income” of the 
consolidated income statement.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
Sale of 51.61 per cent. of share capital of BancSabadell d‘Andorra, S.A. to Mora Banc Grup, S.A. (completed in 
October 2021) 
On 15 July 2021, Banco Sabadell and Mora Banc Grup, S.A. ("MoraBanc") entered into an agreement whereby 
MoraBanc undertook to acquire, subject to obtaining the relevant regulatory approvals, the entire shareholding 
stake held by Banco Sabadell at BancSabadell d‘Andorra, S.A. (namely, 51.61 per cent. taking into account the 
treasury stock) for an amount of €68 million. 
MoraBanc committed vis-à-vis Banco Sabadell to offering the minority shareholders of BancSabadell d‘Andorra, 
S.A. the acquisition of their shares on the same economic terms as those agreed with Banco Sabadell. 
Closing of the transaction took place on 5 October 2021, after obtaining the relevant authorisations. The transaction 
contributed with 7 basis points to Banco Sabadell's fully-loaded CET1 ratio. 
Strategic relationship with the ADL Automotive group and sale of Bansabadell Renting, S.L.U. (completed in 
November 2021) 
On 29 April 2021, Banco Sabadell and the ADL Automotive group entered into a long-term strategic relationship 
to offer vehicle leasing products, which will allow Banco Sabadell to improve its customer value proposition for 
mobility solutions with a larger and more innovative range of vehicle leasing products. 
Within the context of the transaction, Banco Sabadell sold 100 per cent. of the share capital of Bansabadell Renting, 
S.L.U. to the ADL Automotive group for an amount of €59 million. 
The closing of the transaction took place on 30 November 2021, after obtaining the relevant authorisations. The 
transaction contributed with 10 basis points to the Bank's fully-loaded CET1 ratio. 
Sale of the institutional depositary business of Banco Sabadell to BNP Paribas Securities Services S.C.A., Sucursal 
en España (completed in June 2021) 
On 28 March 2020, Banco Sabadell and BNP Paribas Securities Services S.C.A., Sucursal en España ("BP2S") 
entered into an agreement by virtue of which BP2S undertook to acquire, subject to certain conditions, the 
institutional depositary business of Banco Sabadell for an amount of €115 million. Additional collections after 
completion were foreseen subject to the fulfilment of certain objectives linked to the volume of the assets under 
deposit of BP2S and incomes for such commissions. 
The closing of the transaction took place on 4 June 2021, after obtaining the relevant authorisations and the 
satisfaction of all conditions. The transaction generated a net capital gain of €75 million, of which €59 million 
were recognised upon closing (corresponding to 7 basis points on Banco Sabadell's fully-loaded CET1 ratio) and 
€16 million are to be accrued proportionally during the financial years following to the transaction. 
Business Overview 
Banco Sabadell is one of the largest banks in Spain's financial system, with total consolidated assets and total 
consolidated loans and advances to customers of €251,380 million and €158,730 million, respectively, as of 31 
December 2022. Banco de Sabadell, S.A. is the controlling company of the Group, which comprised, as of 31 
December 2022, a total of 68 companies that the Sabadell Group fully consolidates. In addition, there were 19 
associated companies. 
The main activity carried out by the Group in the different jurisdictions in which it operates is banking, and 
fundamentally commercial banking through a wide range of products and services for large and medium-sized 
companies, SMEs, retailers and self-employed workers, professional groups, other individuals and bancassurance. 
The main customers of the Sabadell Group are SMEs and individual clients in Spain, with a total customer base 
that is now six times larger than it was in 2008. As of 31 December 2022, the Group operated a total of 1,461 
branches (1,210 in Spain). The Group's retail banking activities are conducted primarily through this branch 
network. 
The Group's primary source of liquidity is generated from its customer deposits. In addition, the Group has access 
to a variety of short and long-term funding sources in both the domestic and international markets as well as from 
the Eurosystem against eligible collateral. These funding programs provide the Group with a broad range of 
funding options, products, maturities and investors. Its total available pool of liquidity amounted to €54,044 million 
as of 31 December 2022.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
The Sabadell Group operates in Spain through the following brands: SabadellHerrero (commercial banking in 
Asturias and León), SabadellGuipuzcoano (commercial banking in the Basque Country, Navarre and La Rioja), 
SabadellUrquijo Private Banking (private banking), Solbank (commercial banking in the Canary Islands, the 
Balearic Islands and in the southern and eastern coastal areas of mainland Spain) and SabadellGallego (commercial 
banking in Galicia). The brands are supported by a variety of distribution channels, including the Group's extensive 
branch network, telephone (both fixed line and mobile) banking and internet banking. The Group believes its multi-
brand and multi-platform model is supported by one of the most advanced and scalable IT platforms in Spain. The 
Sabadell Group also believes that its multi-brand and multi-channel market presence increases its appeal to existing 
and prospective customers and its state-of-the-art IT platform allows the Group to segment its customer base with 
a high degree of accuracy to best match its products and services to its customers' needs. 
For each of the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 the Group's consolidated pre-provisions income 
(calculated as gross income less operating expenses and depreciation and amortisation) was €2,298 million and 
€1,719 million, respectively, and its consolidated profit attributable to the Group was €859 million and €530 
million, respectively. 
Sabadell Strategy 
On 28 May 2021, Banco Sabadell unveiled the 2021-2023 new strategic plan (the "Strategic Plan"). The Strategic 
Plan defines the Group's strategic priorities, which include (i) an increased focus on core businesses in Spain, with 
different levers of action for each business that will strengthen the Bank's competitive position in the domestic 
market, and (ii) a significant improvement in the profitability of international businesses, both in the UK and in 
the rest of the countries. The cost base will also be reduced in accordance with the Strategic Plan to bring it in line 
with competitive realities. These changes will be implemented on the basis of a more efficient allocation of capital, 
fostering the Group's growth in those geographies and businesses that offer a higher capital-adjusted profitability. 
In this way, the Strategic Plan sets out a specific strategic approach for each of the different business units: 
Regarding the Retail Banking business unit the approach is to undertake a major transformation, which entails a 
profound change in the offer and the customer relationship model, with the objective to better respond to customers' 
needs while, at the same time, reduce the cost base of the business. 
With respect to the Business Banking business unit, the bank's notable position in this segment is being 
strengthened and specific levers have been established to achieve profitable growth, including launch of sectoral 
solutions for businesses, support for customers in their internationalisation process, expansion of specialised 
solutions for SMEs, and a comprehensive support plan for next generation EU funds. This is reinforced by an 
optimal risk management framework, complementing the vision of risk and business experts with new business 
intelligence and data analytics tools. The main objective in relation to this business unit is to drive growth while 
preserving risk quality and boosting profitability. 
For Corporate and Investment Banking in Spain, the approach is to develop plans to improve customer profitability 
and increase the contribution of the specialised product units to income generation with an aim to obtaining an 
adequate profitability for each customer and to satisfy their needs. 
In relation to TSB, the objective is to increase its contribution to the Group's profitability by focusing on what it 
does best and has the market's recognition: the retail mortgage market. TSB has an excellent platform, with a high 
operational capacity to manage mortgages and a well-established network of financial intermediaries, a key aspect 
in the UK market where a large proportion of new mortgages are granted through this channel. 
For the Group's other international businesses, the priority is to actively manage the capital that the Group allocates 
to these businesses. In addition, there are specific priorities in each geographic area: in Mexico, the focus is on 
rigorous cost management; in Miami the private banking business will be strengthened, and in the rest of the offices 
abroad the priority will be given to accompanying Spanish customers in their international activity. 
Sabadell Group's Brands and Business 
The Group employs a multi-brand strategy, targeting through each brand a specific customer base and/or 
geographic segment and building on the goodwill associated with those of its brands that have a long history in the 
Spanish banking sector. In 2015, the Bank unified the Sabadell Atlántico and SabadellCAM brands to strengthen 
its image, with "Sabadell" being the flagship brand that operates throughout most of the Spanish market. The 
Group's main banking brands are Sabadell, SabadellHerrero, SabadellGuipuzcoano, SabadellUrquijo Private 
Banking, Solbank and SabadellGallego.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
The Group is organised in the following business segments: Banking Business in Spain, Banking Business in the 
United Kingdom and Banking Business in Mexico. Banking Business in Spain, in turn, includes Retail Banking, 
Business Banking and the Corporate and Investment Banking business units. 
Banking Business in Spain 
The table below summarises the most recent performance of the Banking Business in Spain business segment: 
 
 
 
As of and for the year  
ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
2022 
 
2021 
 
Change 
 
 
(million euro) 
 
(per cent.) 
Net interest income 
 
2,499 
 
2,302 
 
8.6 
Gross income 
 
3,837 
 
3,812 
 
0.7 
Pre-provisions income 
 
1,951 
 
1,536 
 
27.0 
Profit/(loss) before tax 
 
1,021 
 
478 
 
113.6 
Other key figures 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross performing loans to customers 
 
108,889 
 
107,089 
 
1.7 
On-balance sheet customer funds 
 
120,118 
 
116,788 
 
2.9 
Retail Banking 
The Retail Banking business unit offers financial products and services to individual persons with a particular 
purpose. These include investment products and medium- and long-term finance, such as consumer loans, 
mortgages and leasing or rental services, as well as short-term finance. Funds come mainly from customer deposits 
and sight accounts, savings insurance, mutual funds and pension plans. The main services also include methods of 
payment such as cards and insurance products in their diverse modalities. 
In 2022, the management focused their efforts on setting the strategic priorities of the Retail Banking business unit, 
which include attracting additional demand in digital channels, achieving a fully digital and remote commercial 
activity for individual loans and accounts in addition to cards and other means of payment, and, lastly, fostering 
the intervention of specialist managers in branches, with a focus on mortgages, insurance and savings and 
investment products. 
The Retail Banking business unit covers, among others, the following: 
Private Banking 
Banco Sabadell, through SabadellUrquijo Private Banking, offers comprehensive solutions to high-net-worth 
customers who require specialised advice and attention. This division comprises 175 private bankers certified by 
the European Financial Planning Association, distributed over 31 branches and customer care centres to meet the 
needs of customers throughout Spain who have assets in excess of €500 thousand. 
In 2022, the Bank has advised 29,359 customers, accounting for a total of €32,543 million business volume, of 
which €29,225 million were in customer funds, 39 per cent. of which was invested in mutual funds and SICAVs 
and €2,462 million under discretionary management contracts. 
Sabadell Consumer Finance 
The Group's subsidiary Sabadell Consumer Finance specialises in consumer finance by providing point-of-sale 
finance to purchasers of cars, computer hardware, domestic appliances, health accessories and other products 
through various channels by establishing collaboration agreements with retailers.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
Activity in 2022 was affected by the lack of components in the automotive sector, resulting in a lack of supply in 
the market. Nevertheless, the evolution of Banco Sabadell’s vehicle business line has been positive compared to 
the industry, and the growth rates of this and the other business lines remained steady. 
Overall, Sabadell Consumer Finance performed 196,023 new operations in more than 11,933 points of sale 
distributed throughout the Spanish territory which resulted in €1,099 million of new loans in 2022. 
Business Banking 
The Business Banking business unit offers financial products and services to legal and individual persons with a 
business purpose, serving all types of companies with a turnover of up to €200 million as well as the institutional 
sector. The products and services offered to companies are based on short and long-term financing solutions, cash 
surplus treasury solutions, products and services to guarantee the daily operation of collections and payments 
through any channel and geographic area, as well as risk hedging and insurance banking products. 
In 2022, the management focused their efforts on the implementation of the priorities for action in the Business 
Banking business unit, within the framework of the Strategic Plan, including a much greater segmentation of the 
Group's value proposition in order to respond to the specific needs of each segment. In 2022, a commercial 
productivity programme has been designed and implemented. Cost optimisation efforts have also been more 
specific to each segment offering specialised services to customers and adapting the commercial offer to more 
specifically meet the needs of the various segments. 
The Business Banking business unit covers, among others, the following: 
Large Enterprises 
The Group assists large enterprises through specialised managers tailored to their specific business needs with a 
view to helping them make the best financial decisions. 
In an economic environment marked by the complicated international situation, inflation and interest rate hikes, 
the Group's end-to-end management of customers has made it possible to support customers by adapting to these 
new circumstances. Thus, for those customers with liquidity needs, Banco Sabadell has made available both basic 
financing solutions and complex solutions with holistic value propositions. And for those customers in a situation 
of growth, Banco Sabadell has provided specialised financing transactions, typical of middle market, either acting 
alone or in pool with other credit institutions. 
Enterprises 
Through this segment, Banco Sabadell has continued to bet on its forward-looking approach and has been by the 
side of businesses to meet their needs. 
During 2022, the end of restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic created the need for companies to resume 
projects that were put on hold during the COVID-19 pandemic, and the return of economic activity to pre- COVID-
19 levels entailed the activation of working capital financing needs arising from transactions among companies. 
To meet these needs, Banco Sabadell launched several campaigns to drive investment during the year. 
The war in Ukraine resulted, among others, in a significant increase in the price of commodities and energy. Once 
more Banco Sabadell supported companies as they dealt with this situation and it launched its Sustainable Future 
programme, accompanying enterprises in their decision-making in order to prevent this increase in costs from 
affecting their productivity and/or viability. Towards the end of 2022, with rising inflation and interest rate hikes 
arising from the upward trend of the Euribor, Banco Sabadell launched a new support action by contacting all 
companies with greater potential impact and offering liquidity solutions to cushion the impact of rising operating 
and financial costs. 
Small Businesses 
Banco Sabadell continued to support the daily activities and new projects of self-employed workers, retailers and 
businesses, focusing on the development of the customer value proposition and making an effort in 2022 to 
strengthen the Group’s position as a specialist in this segment, based on the promotion and consolidation of a 
business methodology whose key component is a differential offer, specifically designed for each activity sector. 
The current range of specific solutions includes 32 different activity sectors, prioritising those that offer a greater 
degree of opportunity in the current economic environment.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
During 2022, managers specialised in supporting self-employed workers, retailers and businesses have become the 
largest and most representative management figure of the entire branch network, thus demonstrating the Bank’s 
clear vocation for and commitment to a customer segment that especially values proximity and personalised 
assistance by an expert manager who understands their business. 
Institutional Businesses 
The Institutional Businesses was created to enhance business related to public and private institutions and to 
position the Bank as a key player in this segment, which comprises public institutions, financial institutions and 
insurers, religious institutions and third sector through a comprehensive and specialised range of products and 
services. 
2022 has been a very busy year in all institutional businesses. It is worth noting the high degree of momentum in 
lending and borrowing activity in an environment in which negative rates have turned positive. In response to these 
new circumstances, the Group has strenghtened its positioning in these segments through greater commercial 
activity, proximity and proposed solutions, which in turn have resulted in an increase in customer acquisitions, 
business volumes and margins by offering a range of products of higher value for both customers and the Bank. 
Hotel and Tourism Business 
Business in this sector focuses mainly on offering specialised financial solutions to a diverse and fragmented group 
of customers, in three main aspects: expert advice, a catalogue of specialised products and rapid response. Banco 
Sabadell is the first financial institution to receive the "Q" seal of tourism quality, consolidating its position as a 
leader in the sector. 
Agriculture 
In 2022, Banco Sabadell's Agriculture segment, which includes the agricultural, livestock, fisheries and forestry 
subsectors, and which has more than 300 specialised branches, has increased its customer base, as well as the 
portfolio of specific financial products and services with features tailored to the demands of customers in the sector.  
The customer base has increased, as well as the portfolio of specific financial products and services tailored to the 
requirements of customers in the sector. 
Real Estate Business 
The Real Estate area focuses on integrated services to the residential development business by means of a mature 
specialised business model. Banco Sabadell's commitment to this sector has led to a year-on-year increase in 
developer mortgage loans, guarantees and reverse factoring, with a growing associated margin. 
The year 2022 has been marked by rising costs of commodities (steel, cement, aluminium). However, the Real 
Estate area has formalised around €1,913 million (an increase of 6.7 per cent. compared to the previous year) with 
a margin of over €49.25 million (similar to the previous year). 
BStartup 
BStartup is the pioneering and benchmark financial service in Spanish banking for startups and scaleups, providing 
specialised banking and equity investment.  
As of December 2022, BStartup reached a record 4,412 start-up customers. Likewise, the volume of business 
managed increased by 3.56 per cent. to €1,019 million (€333 million of assets and €687 million of liabilities) and 
the business margin increased by 34.34 per cent. 
Corporate and Investment Banking 
The Corporate and Investment Banking business unit offers financial solutions and advisory services to large 
corporates and financial institutions in Spain and abroad, through branches throughout Spain and in 15 other 
countries. Through this business unit, the Group covers, among others, the following:  
Corporate Banking Europe 
The Corporate Banking Europe division provides domestic and international products and services to large 
companies and enterprises which, as a result of their size, complexity and unique features, require a customised

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
service in which transaction banking services are supplemented by specialised units. The business model is based 
on establishing close strategic relationships with its customers, providing them with global solutions that are 
tailored to their needs while also taking account of the specific features of their economic activity and the markets 
in which they operate. This division also includes a series of branches and offices abroad, notably in London, Paris, 
Casablanca and Lisbon, from where the international activity of the Group's domestic customers is supported and 
serviced, and the international business of the Corporate and Investment Banking business unit is developed. 
In addition, this customer division integrates the activity carried out by BS Capital, the unit that carries out the 
Group's venture capital and private equity activities, managing the industrial (non-real estate) investees. Its activity 
is instrumented through the taking of temporary holdings in companies, with the aim of maximising the return on 
its investments. In addition, it also offers support to companies through alternative financing (senior debt fund, 
venture debt or mezzanine loans). 
In 2022, Banco Sabadell has actively supported its customers in the return to normal activity after the pandemic 
and focused on the search for optimal solutions to restore stability to their financial profiles, adapting them to the 
needs, demands and requirements arising as a result of changes in the economy, mainly during the second half of 
2022, in an environment of rising inflation and the ensuing increase in interest rates in the various markets in which 
its customers operate. This has materialised in an increase of 6.2 per cent. in the lending levels over the course of 
the year in Spain standing at €7,403 million. In the international area, the evolution of the business was also 
characterised by the focus on optimising the Group’s capital consumption, combined with improved profitability, 
lowering investment positions in the rest of Europe, Middle East and Africa by 2.0 per cent. 
Corporate and Private Banking USA 
Banco Sabadell has been operating in the U.S. for almost 30 years through its international branch managed from 
Miami and Sabadell Securities USA, Inc., set up in 2008. These divisions together manage the international 
corporate banking and private banking business in the U.S. and Latin America. 
Sabadell Miami Branch is the largest international branch in Florida. It is one of the few financial institutions in 
the area with the capacity and experience to provide all types of banking and financial services, from the most 
complex and specialised services for large corporations to international private banking products, including those 
products and services that may be required by professionals and companies of any size. To supplement its structure 
in Miami, the Bank has representative offices in New York, Peru, Colombia and the Dominican Republic. 
On the other hand, Sabadell Securities USA, Inc. is a stockbroker and investment advisor in the securities market 
that complements and strengthens the business strategy aimed at private banking customers residing in the U.S., 
responding to their needs by providing investment advice in the capital markets. 
The 2022 financial year was characterised by a financial environment that compounded a sharp rise of interest 
rates with widespread falls in fixed-income and equity markets. In this environment, the branch’s positioning with 
a balance of interest rate-sensitive assets coupled with discipline in controlling the cost of deposits allowed it to 
increase its net interest margin. During the 2022 financial year the volume of business managed stood at U.S.$14.2 
billion, a decrease of 2.3 per cent. as compared to year 2021 due mainly to capital market valuations, which had a 
negative impact on private banking business volumes. Off-balance sheet customer assets under management 
decreased by 15 per cent. to around U.S.$4.1 billion. Meanwhile, the balance of loans increased by 9 per cent., to 
around U.S.$6.3 billion, and customer deposits decreased by 3 per cent., standing at U.S.$3.8 billion as of 21 
December 2022. 
Structured Finance 
The Structured Finance division, with teams in Spain, the U.S., the UK, Mexico, France, Peru, Colombia and 
Singapore, encompasses the Structured Finance and Global Financial Institutions units. 
The Structured Finance unit activity focuses on the study, design, origination and syndication of corporate finance 
products and operations, acquisitions, leverage buyouts, project and asset finance, global trade finance and 
commercial real estate, with the capacity to underwrite and syndicate deals in Spain and other countries. The 
Structured Finance unit is also involved in the syndicated loans market, both primary and secondary. 
The Global Financial Institutions unit manages the commercial and operational relationship with the international 
banks with which Banco Sabadell has collaboration and correspondent agreements (i.e. 3,000 correspondent banks 
around the world), thus guaranteeing maximum coverage for the Group's customers in their international

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
transactions. Thus, it ensures optimal support of customers in their internationalisation processes, in coordination 
with the Group's international network of branches, subsidiaries and investees. 
Treasury and Markets 
The Treasury and Markets division is responsible for marketing treasury products to customers through the units 
to which that task has been assigned, ranging from the branches through specialist distributors. In addition, it 
manages the Bank's short-term liquidity position and manages and oversees compliance with regulatory 
coefficients and ratios. It also manages the risk in the proprietary trading book and interest rate and exchange rate 
risk, due to operational flows with both internal and external customers originated from the activity of the 
distribution units. 
During 2022, the Treasury and Markets division further developed the digitalisation of its customer operations by 
improving the "Sabadell Forex" currency application, expanding its product catalogue and enhancing customer 
satisfaction. In particular, the range of products and solutions offered was increased to adapt to the changing market 
situation which has generated new customer needs, and the trading capacity has been improved to assume and 
control various risk factors such as currency, fixed income and interest rates was improved. 
Investment Banking 
Capital Markets is the Corporate and Investment Banking division that coordinates the channelling of institutional 
investors' liquidity to the Bank's business customers, in both debt products and capital instruments. Furthermore, 
via its M&A areas, it provides advice on company acquisitions and disposals, mergers and the incorporation of 
new shareholders. 
Trading, Custody and Research 
Trading, Custody and Research is the division responsible, as product manager, for the Group's equities, 
performing the functions of broker for Banco Sabadell by processing and executing equities sale and purchase 
orders through its trading desk both in domestic markets, where it acts as a member, and in international markets, 
where it acts as a mere intermediary. 
In addition, Trading, Custody and Research also provides investment guidance and recommendations in equities 
and credit markets, and creates and manages the offering of custodian and depository services. 
During 2022, enhancements were made to the online platforms in line with the new strategic objectives of Banco 
Sabadell Group, based on the pillars of sustainability, digitalisation and customer focus. 
Banking Business in the United Kingdom 
TSB offers a wide range of retail banking services and products to individuals and small business banking 
customers in the UK, including personal loans, savings, accounts, mortgages and credit/debt cards. TSB has 5,482 
employees and is a challenger bank for the future growth of Banco Sabadell in the UK. TSB has a clear strategy 
vis-a-vis retail clients and small companies with a very well defined products spectrum. 
As of 31 December 2022, profit before tax amounted to €182 million as compared to a profit of €150 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2021, due to higher core revenues and lower costs. 
The table below shows the most recent performance of the Banking Business in the UK business segment: 
  
 
As of and for the year  
ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
 
2021 
 
Change 
 
 
 
(million euro) 
 
(per cent.) 
 
Net interest income 
 
1,151 
 
1,011 
 
13.8 
 
Gross income 
 
1,195 
 
1,101 
 
8.5 
 
Pre-provisions income 
 
285 
 
159 
 
79.2

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
Profit/(loss) before tax 
 
182 
 
150 
 
21.3 
 
Other key figures 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross performing loans to customers 
 
43,110 
 
44,050 
 
(2.1) 
 
 
On-balance sheet customer funds 
 
40,931 
 
42,779 
 
(4.3) 
 
Banking Business in Mexico 
As part of the internationalisation process that commenced under the previous strategic framework, the Bank 
decided to focus on Mexico, a country representing a clear opportunity as an attractive market for the banking 
business. The Banking Business in Mexico is carried out through Banco Sabadell, S.A. Institución de Banca 
Múltiple (a Mexican bank) and SabCapital, S.A. de C.V., SOFOM, E.R. (a Mexican multi-purpose financial 
company). 
Banking Business in Mexico comprises the following business lines: (i) Corporate Banking (with the focus on 
companies and major corporations) and (ii) Business Banking (which reproduces the Group's original business 
relationship model). 
As of 31 December 2022, pre-tax result was a profit of €39 million, as compared to a loss of €8 million for the 
year ended 31 December 2021, due to improvement of net interest income and the reduction of provisions. 
The table below shows the most recent performance of the Banking Business in Mexico business segment: 
 
 
As of and for the year  
ended 31 December 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 
 
2021 
 
Change 
 
 
 
(million euro) 
 
(per cent.) 
 
Net interest income 
 
149 
 
113 
 
31.9 
 
Gross income 
 
148 
 
114 
 
29.8 
 
Pre-provisions income 
 
62 
 
24 
 
158.3 
 
Profit/(loss) before tax 
 
39 
 
(8) 
 
(587.5) 
 
Other key figures 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross performing loans to customers 
 
4,131 
 
3,773 
 
9.5 
 
 
On-balance sheet customer funds 
 
3,090 
 
2,453 
 
26.0 
 
Branches and Distribution Channels 
As of 31 December 2022, the Sabadell Group had a total of 1,461 branches, of which 1,210 branches were located 
throughout Spain (compared with 1,593 and 2,083 branches as of 31 December 2021 and 2020, respectively) and 
251 branches comprised the international network. The Group continually evaluates its branch network, opening 
new branches only where it believes that each branch will be profitable on a stand-alone basis, and closing, 
consolidating or relocating branches to maximize efficiency and profitability. The table below sets out the 
distribution of its banking and private banking branches in Spain by brand as of 31 December 2022 and 2021, 
respectively: 
Brand 
 
Number 
of 
Branches 
31 December 
 
 
 
2022 
 
2021 
 
Sabadell 
 
903 
 
955

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
SabadellHerrero 
 
85 
 
85 
 
SabadellGuipuzcoano 
 
63 
 
66 
 
Solbank 
 
85 
 
89 
 
SabadellGallego 
 
63 
 
64 
 
SabadellUrquijo 
 
11 
 
11 
 
Total (Spain) 
 
1,210 
 
1,270 
 
Approximately 60 branches closed during 2022 (compared to with 490 branches closed during 2021) as part of the 
implementation of the Group's strategy and to achieve its targeted cost synergies. 
The geographical distribution of these branches across various autonomous regions and autonomous cities of Spain 
as of 31 December 2022 and 2021, respectively, was as follows: 
Autonomous Region 
 
Number 
of 
Branches 
31 December 
 
 
 
2022 
 
2021 
 
Andalusia 
 
108 
 
111 
 
Aragon 
 
25 
 
25 
 
Principality of Asturias 
 
68 
 
68 
 
Balearic Islands 
 
37 
 
37 
 
Basque Country 
 
50 
 
52 
 
Canary Islands 
 
25 
 
28 
 
Cantabria 
 
4 
 
5 
 
Castile-La Mancha 
 
18 
 
18 
 
Castile and León 
 
37 
 
38 
 
Catalonia 
 
355 
 
384 
 
Extremadura 
 
5 
 
5 
 
Ceuta y Melilla 
 
2 
 
2 
 
Galicia 
 
63 
 
64 
 
La Rioja 
 
7 
 
7 
 
Madrid 
 
111 
 
121 
 
Murcia 
 
69 
 
71 
 
Navarre 
 
9 
 
10 
 
Valencian Community 
 
217 
 
224 
 
Total (Spain) 
 
1,210 
 
1,270

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
In addition, the Group's international network comprised 251 branches as of 31 December 2022 (323 offices as of 
31 December 2021). As of 31 December 2022, the Group had 220 branches of TSB (290 branches as of 31 
December 2021). 
Banco Sabadell has a set of communication channels with its customers, both physical (national and international 
branch network and ATM network) and digital (Sabadell Online, Sabadell Móvil, Direct Branch and Social 
Media), which responds to current customer demand.  
The Bank continues to seek combining the best of traditional banking, such as the personal relationship, with the 
best of the digital world. The office has ceased to be the focal point of operations, and now integrates a wide range 
of points of contact where the customer is the protagonist. This requires simplifying processes as much as possible 
and changing the distribution model, something to which the Bank is devoting a great deal of effort in order to 
respond to the ubiquity of its customers and offer them the best experiences. 
In 2022, 59.7 per cent. of the Group's customers were classified as digital achieving a 3.4 per cent. increase in the 
number of digital customers as compared to 2021. In this regards, the Group has developed a number of distribution 
channels to improve customer service and increase efficiency, including the following: 
ATMs. As of 31 December 2022, the Group had in Spain 2,561 self-service cash machines, 1,741 in branches and 
820 mobile ATMs. 
In 2022, the Group has continued its efforts to ensure consistent maximum operational availability of its ATMs 
and enhancing customer satisfaction. In this respect, approximately 540 ATMs were overhauled in 2022, providing 
an opportunity to standardise functionalities across the ATM network. 
Internet Banking. BSOnline traffic and frequency remained high, receiving an average of around 6 million visits 
per month in 2022, primarily for operational and transactional purposes. 
Mobile Banking. The number of users of the Group's mobile banking service, BSMóvil, was 2.3 million in 2022. 
In addition, the frequency of access increased by 3 per cent. in log-ins per user per month compared with the 
previous year, to an average of 20.5 log-ins per month per customer in the retail segment. Besides, Bizum sending 
grew by 20 per cent. in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
Direct Branch. Contacts with Direct Branch decreased by 4 per cent. in 2022 as compared to 2021, to 4.6 million. 
The contact channel that experienced fastest growth in 2022 was the online chat. 
Contacts by telephone. The Group received and handled 3,960,558 enquiries through its telephone live channel 
throughout 2022, as compared to 4,101,146 in 2021. The telephone helpline achieved a service level (calls 
answered as a proportion of calls received) of 93 per cent. 
Contacts by e-mail. In 2022, the Group received over 277,135 enquiries by e-mail, as compared to 374,864 in 2021 
with a service level (e-mails answered as a proportion of e-mails received) of 85 per cent. 
Contacts via online chat. Throughout 2022, the Group received over 269,610 enquiries through online chat, as 
compared to 235,614 in 2021. Service level (chats answered as a proportion of chats received) was 98 per cent. 
Contacts via social networks. Throughout 2022, the Group received over 173,093 enquiries through social 
networks, as compared to 191,983 in 2021. Service level (interactions answered as a proportion of interactions 
received) was 98 per cent. 
Social Media. Through social media the Group aims to get to know digital customers and their needs, listen to their 
suggestions, and analyse how best to serve them. Sabadell currently has a presence in five social media channels: 
Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, YouTube and Instagram. Some of this content has had a positive impact on social 
networks. As of 31 December 2022, Banco Sabadell had approximately 600,000 followers on social media and 
nearly 300,000 mentions of the brand were monitored or dealt with in 2022. 
Major Shareholders and Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Banco Sabadell's issued share capital of €703,370,587.625 is comprised of 
5,626,964,701 shares of a single series and class, with a nominal value per ordinary share of €0.125. There are no 
limits on the transferability of the Bank's shares. However, Articles 16 to 18 of Law 10/2014 require that clearance

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
be obtained from the ECB for any proposed purchase of shares in a bank amounting to at least 10 per cent. of its 
share capital, or when reaching certain thresholds above the 10 per cent. level. The decision-making authority, 
formerly attributed to the Bank of Spain, now corresponds to the ECB by virtue of the SSM Regulation. 
Furthermore, the acquisition or transfer of voting shares in listed companies, as a result of which the percentage of 
voting rights belonging to the acquirer reaches or falls below 3 per cent. or when reaching or falling below certain 
thresholds above the 3 per cent. level, must be notified to the CNMV. The referred 3 per cent. threshold will be 
replaced by a percentage of 1 per cent. and its successive multiples when the person under the duty to notify is 
resident in a non-cooperative jurisdiction or a country or territory with which no effective exchange of tax 
information is in place in accordance with prevailing laws and regulations. 
The following table sets forth the information concerning the ownership of the Bank's shares by major 
shareholders, as of 31 December 2022.  
Direct owner 
of 
the 
shareholding 
 
% of voting 
rights 
assigned 
to 
shares 
 
% 
of 
voting 
rights 
through 
financial 
instruments 
 
% 
of 
total 
voting rights 
 
Name of indirect 
shareholder 
Sanders 
Capital, LLC 
 
3.47 
 
0.00 
 
3.47 
 
Mr. 
Lewis 
A. 
Sanders 
and 
clients of Sanders 
Capital LLC who 
delegate 
their 
voting rights 
Funds 
and 
accounts 
advised 
or 
sub-advised 
by 
Dimensional 
Fund 
Advisors 
LP 
or 
its 
subsidiaries 
 
3.01 
 
0.00 
 
3.01 
 
Dimensional 
Fund 
Advisors 
LP 
Fintech 
Europe 
S.À.R.L. (1) 
 
3.45 
 
0.00 
 
3.45 
 
Mr. 
David 
Martínez 
Guzmán 
Various 
subsidiaries of 
Blackrock Inc. 
 
3.23 
 
1.38 
 
4.61 
 
BlackRock Inc. 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Fintech Europe, S.À.R.L. is wholly owned by Fintech Investments Ltd., the investment fund managed by Fintech 
Advisory Inc. which, in turn, is wholly owned by Mr. David Martínez Guzmán. Consequently, the shareholding now 
held by Fintech Europe, S.À.R.L. is considered to be controlled by Mr. David Martínez Guzmán. 
Agreement Among Shareholders 
In accordance with Article 531 of the Spanish Companies Law, the Bank is required to be notified of shareholders' 
agreements affecting its shares. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no shareholders' agreements affecting the Bank's shares are known to the 
Bank. 
Treasury Stock

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
Based on publicly available information on the website of the CNMV, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Bank holds directly 36,683,410 of its shares as treasury stock, which represents 0.65 per cent. of the total share 
capital.  
Directors and Management 
Board of Directors 
With the exception of matters reserved for the general shareholders' meeting, the Board of Directors is the highest 
decision-making body of the Bank and its consolidated Group, as it is responsible, under the law and the Bank's 
Articles of Association, for the management and representation of the Bank. The Board of Directors acts mainly 
as an instrument of supervision and control, and delegates the management of ordinary business matters to the 
executive bodies and the management team. 
The Board of Directors is subject to well-defined transparent rules of governance, particularly the Bank's Articles 
of Association and the Regulations of the Board of Directors, and complies with the best practices in the area of 
corporate governance. 
Composition of the Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors is currently comprised of 14 members. The business address for each member of the Board 
of Directors listed below is Avenida Óscar Esplá, 37, PC 03007, Alicante, Spain. 
The following table sets forth, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the names of the members of the Board of 
Directors, their current positions in the Board of Directors and their membership type:  
 
Name of the Director 
Current position in the Board 
Director type 
Mr. Josep Oliu Creus 
Chairman 
Other External 
Mr. Pedro Fontana García  
Deputy-Chairman 
Independent 
Mr. 
César 
González-Bueno 
Mayer  
Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") 
Executive 
Mr. George Donald Johnston III  
Director 
Lead Independent 
Ms. Aurora Catá Sala 
Director 
Independent 
Mr. Lluís Deulofeu Fuguet 
Director 
Independent 
Ms. María José García Beato 
Director 
Other External 
Ms. Mireya Giné Torrens 
Director 
Independent 
Ms. Laura González Molero 
Director 
Independent 
Mr. David Martínez Guzmán 
Director 
Proprietary(1) 
Mr. 
José 
Manuel 
Martínez 
Martínez 
Director 
Independent 
Ms. Alicia Reyes Revuelta 
Director 
Independent

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
Name of the Director 
Current position in the Board 
Director type 
Mr. Manuel Valls Morató 
Director 
Independent 
Mr. David Vegara Figueras 
Director 
Executive 
Mr. Miquel Roca i Junyent 
Non-Director Secretary  
 
Mr. Gonzalo Barettino Coloma 
Non-Director Deputy-Secretary 
 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Related to the major shareholder Fintech Europe S.À R.L. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors is formed by 14 members: its Chairman ("Other 
External" Director), nine Independent Directors, two Executive Directors, one "Other External" Director and one 
Proprietary Director. The composition of the Board of Directors has an appropriate balance between the various 
categories of director. 
On 26 May 2022, the Board of Directors appointed Ms. Laura González Molero as an Independent Director at the 
proposal of the Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee and she attended her first Board meeting on 
29 September 2022, once the relevant regulatory authorisations were obtained. 
Mr. Anthony Frank Elliott Ball, former Lead Independent Director of Banco Sabadell presented his resignation 
from the Board of Directors, effective as of the General Shareholders’ Meeting held on 23 March 2023. 
The General Shareholders' Meeting held on 23 March 2023 appointed Mr. Pedro Viñolas Serra as Independent 
Director at the proposal of the Appointments and Corporate Committee to fill the vacancy currently existing on 
the Board. This appointment is subject to obtaining the corresponding regulatory authorisations. 
In addition to this appointment, the General Shareholders’ Meeting held on 23 March 2023 approved the re-election 
as members of the Board of Directors of Mr. Josep Oliu Creus as “Other External” Director, Ms. Aurora Catá Sala 
as Independent Director, Ms. María José García Beato as “Other External” Director and Mr. David Vegara Figueras 
as Executive Director as well as the ratification and appointment of Ms. Laura González Molero as Independent 
Director. In accordance with Article 146 of the Spanish Commercial Registry Regulations, as a consequence of 
the re-election of Mr. Josep Oliu Creus, he continues as Chairman of the Board of Directors without the need for 
a new election. 
On that same date, the Board of Directors appointed Mr. George Donald Johnston III, Independent Director, as 
Lead Independent Director following a favourable report from the Appointments and Corporate Governance 
Committee. 
The composition of the Board of Directors is diverse and efficient. It is of the appropriate size to perform its 
functions effectively by drawing on a depth and diversity of opinions, enabling it to operate with a level of quality 
and effectiveness and in a participatory way. Its members are diverse in terms of competencies, professional 
background and origin and gender, as they have extensive experience in banking, finance, antimoney laundering 
and counter-terrorist financing, digital transformation and IT, insurance, risk and auditing, in regulatory affairs and 
the law, in academia, human resources and consultancy, responsible business and sustainability, as well as in 
international business. 
Banco Sabadell has had a competency and diversity matrix in place since 2019, which is reviewed annually by the 
Board of Directors. The latest review was carried out in March 2023 in view of the changes that took place within 
the Board of Directors. The diversity of the Board of Directors increased in 2022 in terms of the gender of its 
members and the knowledge, skills and experience they bring, which have been reinforced in the following areas: 
retail and corporate banking, financial and capital markets, risk management and control, governance, anti-money 
laundering and counter-terrorist financing, responsible business and sustainability, international experience, 
consultancy, regulatory and supervisory bodies, communications and institutional relations.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
The director selection policy of Banco Sabadell dated 25 February 2016 (most recently amended on 29 September 
2022) sets out the principles and criteria to be taken into account in the selection processes and, consequently, in 
the assessment of the initial and ongoing suitability of Board members, as well as the reappointment of members 
of this administrative body to ensure their appropriate succession, the continuity of the Board of Directors and its 
collective suitability. 
The process to select candidates for directorships and to reappoint existing directors is governed by the principle 
of diversity, fostering diversity within the Board of Directors so that its composition reflects a diverse collective 
and ensuring that the selected members bring a wide range of qualities and competencies to provide diverse points 
of view and experience, and to promote independent opinions and sound decision-making within the Board of 
Directors. 
The Board of Directors should ensure that the procedures to select its members apply the principle of diversity and 
that they promote diversity with respect to issues such as age, gender, disability, geographical provenance, or 
professional training and experience, and other aspects that may be deemed appropriate to ensure a suitable and 
diverse composition of the Board of Directors. Those procedures should be free of any implicit bias that might 
lead to discrimination and, in particular, they should facilitate the selection of female directors so that a balanced 
presence of women and men on the Board may be achieved. 
The appointment of the Independent Director Ms. Laura González Molero increases female representation on the 
Board and brings different and complementary abilities to those already existing in the Board of Directors. As of 
31 December 2022, there were five female Directors, including four female Independent Directors out of a total of 
nine Independent Directors and one female “Other External” Director. Women represent 33 per cent. of the 
members of the Board of Directors, fulfilling the Bank’s commitment as set out in Sabadell’s Commitment to 
Sustainability for the financial year 2022. Likewise, they represent 40 per cent. of Independent Directors in line 
with the proposal of the Directive (EU) 2022/2381 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 November 
2022 on improving the gender balance among directors of listed companies and related measures. 
The Board of Directors has a Lead Independent Director who, in accordance with the Bank's Articles of 
Association, may request that meetings of the Board of Directors are convened, and the inclusion of new items on 
the agenda, coordinate and convene meetings with the Non-Executive Directors, articulate the opinions of the 
External Directors and manage, if applicable, the regular assessment of the Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
The Lead Independent Director also coordinates the succession plan for the Chairman and CEO approved in 2016 
and further updated in January 2022 and, in practice, chairs any meetings with investors or proxy advisors. 
To ensure a better and more diligent performance of its general supervisory duties, the Board of Directors is bound 
to directly exercise the responsibilities established by law. 
The following table sets forth, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the Board of Directors with 
activities performed outside the Bank that are significant with respect to the Bank:  
 
Name of the Director 
Company 
Position 
Mr. César González-Bueno 
Mayer 
Sabadell Consumer Finance, S.A.U. 
Chairman 
Banco Sabadell, S.A., I.B.M.  
Chairman 
SabCapital, S.A. de C.V., SOFOM, E.R. 
Chairman 
Mr. Lluís Deulofeu Fuguet 
Sabadell Digital, S.A.U. 
Director 
Ms. Mireya Giné Torrens 
Sabadell Consumer Finance, S.A.U. 
Director 
Corporate Governance 
Banco Sabadell has a solid corporate governance structure which ensures effective and prudent management of 
the Bank and which prioritises ethical, sound and transparent governance, taking into consideration the interests 
of shareholders, customers, employees and society in all geographies in which it operates. The internal governance 
framework sets out, among other aspects, its shareholding structure, the governing bodies, the Group's structure, 
the composition and operation of corporate governance, the internal control functions, key governance matters, the

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
risk management framework, the internal procedure for the approval of credit transactions granted to directors and 
their related parties and the Group's policies. 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
In accordance with the Bank's Articles of Association, the Board of Directors has established the following six 
committees: 
 
Strategy and Sustainability Committee;  
 
Credit Delegated Committee; 
 
Audit and Control Committee; 
 
Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee; 
 
Remuneration Committee; and 
 
Risk Committee (together, the "Board Committees"). 
The organisation and structure of the Board Committees are set out in the Bank's Articles of Association and in 
their respective regulations, which establish their rules of composition, functioning and responsibilities and 
develop and complete the rules of operation and basic functions envisaged in the Bank's Articles of Association 
and the Board of Directors regulations. 
The Board Committees have sufficient resources to perform their duties, and can count on external advice and are 
entitled to obtain information about any aspect of the Bank, with unrestricted access to senior management and 
Group's executives and to any type of information or documentation at the Bank's disposal in connection with the 
matters within their remit. 
The composition of the Board Committees as of the date of this Base Prospectus is shown in the table below. The 
business address for each member of the Board Committees listed below who are not also members of the Board 
of Directors is Avenida Óscar Esplá, 37, PC 03007, Alicante, Spain.  
Position 
Credit 
Delegated 
Committee 
Audit 
and 
Control 
Committee 
Appointments 
and Corporate 
Governance 
Committee 
Remuneration 
Committee 
Risk 
Committee 
Strategy 
and 
Sustainabili
ty 
Committee 
Chair 
Mr. 
Pedro 
Fontana 
García 
Ms. Mireya 
Giné 
Torrens 
Mr. José Manuel 
Martínez 
Martínez 
Ms. Aurora Catá 
Sala 
Mr. George 
Donald 
Johnston III 
Mr. 
Josep 
Oliu Creus 
Member 
Mr. 
Lluís 
Deulofeu 
Fuguet  
Mr. 
Pedro 
Fontana 
García 
 Ms. 
Aurora 
Catá Sala 
Mr. 
Laura 
González 
Molero  
Ms. Aurora 
Catá Sala 
Mr. 
Lluís 
Deulofeu 
Fuguet 
Member 
Ms. 
María 
José García 
Beato 
Ms. 
Laura 
González 
Molero 
 Ms. 
Mireya 
Giné Torrens 
Mr. 
George 
Donald 
Johnston III 
Ms. 
Alicia 
Reyes 
Revuelta 
Mr. 
Pedro 
Fontana 
García 
Member 
Mr. 
César 
González-
Bueno 
Mayer  
Mr. Manuel 
Valls 
Morató 
 
 
Mr. Manuel 
Valls 
Morató 
Ms. 
María 
José García 
Beato

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
Position 
Credit 
Delegated 
Committee 
Audit 
and 
Control 
Committee 
Appointments 
and Corporate 
Governance 
Committee 
Remuneration 
Committee 
Risk 
Committee 
Strategy 
and 
Sustainabili
ty 
Committee 
Member 
Ms. 
Alicia 
Reyes 
Revuelta 
 
 
 
 
Mr. 
César 
González-
Bueno 
Mayer(*) 
Member 
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. 
José 
Manuel 
Martínez 
Martínez 
Non-
Director 
Secretary 
Mr. Gonzalo 
Barettino 
Coloma 
Mr. Miquel 
Roca 
i 
Junyent 
Mr. 
Miquel 
Roca i Junyent 
Mr. 
Gonzalo 
Barettino 
Coloma 
Mr. Gonzalo 
Barettino 
Coloma 
Mr. Miquel 
Roca 
i 
Junyent 
(*) Member on strategy matters only. 
Credit Delegated Committee 
The Credit Delegated Committee is made up of five directors, one Executive, one "Other External" and three 
Independent directors, and its main functions are to analyse and, where appropriate, resolve credit operations in 
accordance with the assumptions and limits established by express delegation of the Board of Directors, and to 
prepare reports on those matters within its sphere of action that are required by the Board of Directors. It shall also 
have all those functions assigned to it by law, the Articles of Association and the regulations of the Board of 
Directors. 
Audit and Control Committee 
The Audit and Control Committee comprises four Independent Directors, whose Chair is an expert in auditing. It 
meets at least once per quarter. Its main functions are to oversee the effectiveness of the Bank's internal control, 
oversee the internal audit and risk management systems, supervise the process of drafting and presenting regulated 
financial disclosures, advise on the Bank's annual and mid-year financial statements, liaise with the external auditor 
and ensure that suitable measures are taken to address any conduct or methods that could be inappropriate. It also 
ensures that the measures, policies and strategies defined by the Board of Directors are duly implemented. 
Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee 
The Appointments and Corporate Governance Committee, of which three Independent Directors are members, has 
as its main responsibilities: ensuring compliance with the qualitative composition of the Board of Directors 
(assessing the suitability, skills and experience required of the members of the Board of Directors); submitting 
proposals for the appointment of Independent Directors and reporting on proposals for the appointment of the 
remaining Directors; reporting on proposals for the appointment and removal of senior executives and identified 
staff; reporting on the basic conditions of the contracts of Executive Directors and senior executives; examining 
and organising the succession of the Chairman of the Board and the CEO of the Bank and, if appropriate, making 
proposals to the Board to ensure that such succession takes place in an orderly and planned manner. It also has to 
establish a target for representation of the gender that is less represented on the Board of Directors and drawing up 
guidelines on how to achieve that target. 
As regards corporate governance, its main functions are: to report to the Board of Directors on the Bank's internal 
corporate policies and rules, unless they fall within the competence of other Committees; to supervise compliance 
with the Bank's corporate governance rules, excluding those corresponding to areas that fall within the competence 
of other Committees; to report to the Board of Directors the annual corporate governance report for its approval 
and annual publication; to supervise, within the scope of its competence, the communications that the Bank makes 
to shareholders and investors, proxy advisers and other stakeholders, and to report on these to the Board of

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
Directors; and any other actions that may be necessary to ensure good corporate governance in all the Bank's 
actions. 
Remuneration Committee 
The main functions of the Remuneration Committee, which comprises three independent directors, are to make 
proposals to the Board of Directors on policy for the remuneration of directors and general managers and on 
remuneration and other contractual conditions of the individual executive directors, and to ensure compliance with 
existing policies. It also informs on the annual report on director's remuneration and reviews the general principles 
governing remuneration and the arrangements for the remuneration of all employees, ensuring that transparency is 
maintained. 
Risk Committee 
The main functions of the Risk Committee, which comprises four independent directors, are to supervise and 
exercise oversight to ensure that all the risks of the Bank and its consolidated Group are acceptable, controlled and 
managed appropriately, and to report to the Board of Directors on the performance of its duties, in accordance with 
the Law, the Bank's Articles of Association, the Board of Directors regulations and its own regulations. 
Strategy and Sustainability Committee 
The Strategy and Sustainability Committee was constituted on 2021 and it’s formed by five members, three 
Independent Directors, one “Other External” Director and his Chairman (with the status of “Other External”) who 
is the Chairman of the Board of Directors. For strategy related matters, the CEO will take part in meetings with 
entitlement to speak and vote, and for this purpose the Committee shall be understood to be formed by six members. 
With regard to strategy, the Committee’s main responsibilities are to evaluate and propose to the Board of Directors 
strategies for the Bank’s business growth, development, diversification or transformation, and to report to and 
advise the Board of Directors in matters related to the Bank’s long-term strategy, identifying new opportunities to 
create value and bringing corporate strategy proposals to the Board’s attention in relation to new investment or 
divestment opportunities, financial transactions with a material accounting impact, and relevant technological 
transformations, studying and putting forward recommendations and improvements to the strategic plans and their 
updates which may be brought before the Board at any time, and issuing and submitting to the Board, annually, a 
report containing the proposals, assessments, studies and work carried out during the year. 
With regard to sustainability, the Committee has the following responsibilities: review the Bank’s sustainability 
and environmental policies, report to the Board of Directors on potential modifications and periodic updates on 
strategy with regard to sustainability, review the definition and modification of the policies on diversity and 
inclusion, human rights, equal opportunities and work-life balance and periodically evaluate the level of 
compliance therewith, review of the Bank’s strategy for social action and its sponsorship and patronage plans, 
review and report on the Bank’s non-financial disclosures peport, prior to its review and related reporting by the 
Audit and Control Committee and before its subsequent submission to the Board of Directors, and receive 
information related to reports, documents or communications from external supervisory bodies with regard to the 
responsibilities of this Committee. 
Shareholding Stakes held by the Board of Directors and Senior Management 
The table below shows, as of 31 December 2022, the direct, indirect and represented stakes and voting rights in 
the share capital of the Bank held by the then members of the Board of Directors, individually or jointly with other 
persons or through controlled legal entities.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
Name of Indirect Holder 
 
Direct 
 
Indirect 
 
Through other 
financial 
instruments 
 
Total 
Stake 
 
 
(percentage of Voting Rights) 
Mr. Josep Oliu Creus (1) 
 
0.11 
 
0.01 
 
0.00 
 
0.12 
Mr. Pedro Fontana García 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
Mr. César González-Bueno Mayer 
 
0.01 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.01 
Mr. Anthony Frank Elliott Ball 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
Ms. Aurora Catá Sala 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
Mr. Lluís Deulofeu Fuguet 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
Ms. M. José García Beato 
 
0.01 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.01 
Ms. Mireya Giné Torrens 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
Mr. George Donald Johnston III 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
Mr. José Manuel Martínez 
Martínez 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
Ms. Laura González Molero 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
Ms. Alicia Reyes Revuelta 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
Mr. David Martínez Guzmán (2) 
 
0.00 
 
3.45 
 
0.00 
 
3.45 
Mr. Manuel Valls Morató 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
Mr. David Vegara Figueras 
 
0.01 
 
0.00 
 
0.00 
 
0.01 
Total 
 
0.15 
 
3.46 
 
0.01 
 
3.62 
 
(1) 
Indirect voting rights through Torrellimona, S.L. 
(2) 
The shareholding held by Fintech Europe S.A.R.L. is considered to be controlled by Mr. David Martínez Guzmán. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Banco Sabadell believes that no conflicts of interest exist between the duties of its Board of Directors and senior 
management and their private interests or other duties. 
Legal and Other Proceedings 
The nature of the business of Banco Sabadell causes the Bank to be involved in routine legal and other proceedings 
from time to time. As of 31 December 2022, the Group was involved in certain ongoing lawsuits and proceedings 
arising from the ordinary course of its operations. The Group's legal advisers and directors consider that the 
outcome of such lawsuits and proceedings will not have a material impact on equity in the years in which they are 
settled. For more information on legal and other proceedings, see Note 22 to the 2022 audited consolidated annual 
financial statements which are incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
In addition to the financial information contained in this Base Prospectus prepared in accordance with IFRS, certain 
Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs"), as defined by the Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 October 2015 (ESMA/2015/1415) (the "ESMA 
Guidelines"), are included in each of the 2021 and 2022 audited consolidated annual financial statements and the 
quarterly financial report in respect of the three-month period ended 31 March 2023 that are incorporated by 
reference to this Base Prospectus. 
In accordance with the ESMA Guidelines, the APMs are financial measures of past or future financial performance, 
of financial situation or of cash flows, except for a financial measure defined or detailed in the applicable financial 
reporting framework. The Issuer uses the APMs, which have not been audited, as monitoring indicators for the 
management of assets and liabilities and the financial and economic situation of the Group for the purposes of 
facilitating comparison with other institutions and contributing to a better understanding of the Group's financial 
evolution and performance. In particular, Banco Sabadell believes that the APMs may provide useful information 
for investors, securities analysts and other interested parties in order to better understand the Group's business, 
financial position, profitability, results of operations, the quality of its loan portfolio, the amount of equity per 
share and their progression over time. 
However, the APMs are not defined under IFRS and may be presented on a different basis than the financial 
information included in the financial statements prepared under IFRS. Furthermore, the APMs can, both due to 
their definition and in their calculation, differ significantly from other similar measures calculated by other 
companies, and hence be not comparable.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
As a result, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs which should always 
be considered in addition to, and in no event as a substitute for, the financial information prepared under IFRS.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
An amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used: 
(a) 
for the general corporate purpose of Banco Sabadell or as otherwise indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
to finance, refinance or invest in, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects meeting the Eligibility 
Criteria, in which case the relevant Notes will be identified as "Green Bonds" in the relevant Final 
Terms ("Green Bonds");  
(c) 
to finance, refinance or invest in, in whole or in part, Eligible Social Projects meeting the Eligibility 
Criteria, in which case the relevant Notes will be identified as "Social Bonds" in the relevant Final 
Terms ("Social Bonds"); or 
(d) 
to finance, refinance or invest in, in whole or in part, a combination of Eligible Green Projects and 
Eligible Social Projects, in each case, meeting the Eligibility Criteria, in which case the relevant Notes 
will be identified as "Sustainability Bonds" in the relevant Final Terms ("Sustainability Bonds"). 
The Bank has appointed Sustainalytics to provide an independent second party opinion (the "Second Party 
Opinion") on the SDG Bond Framework. The Second Party Opinion has confirmed the alignment of the SDG 
Bond Framework with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, ICMA Social Bond Principles and ICMA 
Sustainability 
Bond 
Guidelines. 
The 
Second 
Party 
Opinion 
is 
available 
(https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/files/1454348935988/spo_of_bs_sdg_bond_framework.pdf) 
under 
section 
"Sustainable 
Development 
Goals 
Bonds" 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Bank 
(https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/en/shareholders-and-investors/fixed-income-investors.html).  
The Bank will engage an independent auditor to verify the allocation of an amount equal to the net proceeds 
obtained from issuing Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and its conformity with the SDG 
Bond Framework. None of the SDG Bond Framework, nor any of the above reports, opinions or contents of 
any of the above websites are incorporated in or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
"Eligibility Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Bank as set out in the Bank's SDG Bond Framework, 
as the case may be.  
"Eligible Green Projects" means projects falling under the "Eligible green project categories" of renewable 
energy, pollution prevention and control, sustainable water management, clean transportation, energy 
efficiency or green buildings, each as further described in the Bank's SDG Bond Framework. 
"Eligible Social Projects" means projects falling under the "Eligible social project categories" of access to 
essential services, affordable housing or employment generation, each as further described in the Banks's 
SDG Bond Framework. 
"ICMA Green Bond Principles" means the Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association, as updated from time to time. 
"ICMA Social Bond Principles" means the Social Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Markets Association, as updated from time to time. 
"ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines" means the Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by the 
International Capital Markets Association, as updated from time to time. 
"SDG Bond Framework" means any SDG (Sustainable Development Goals) Bond Framework published 
by 
the 
Bank, 
available 
(https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/files/1454348943517/bs_sdg_bond_framework_en.pdf) 
under 
section 
"Sustainable 
Development 
Goals 
Bonds" 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Bank 
(https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/en/shareholders-and-investors/fixed-income-investors.html).  
Any amendments to the SDG Bond Framework and any other independent second party opinions being 
provided will be made available to investors under section "Sustainable Development Goals Bonds" on the 
website of the Bank (https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/en/shareholders-and-investors/fixed-income-
investors.html).

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
REGULATION 
The following is a summary of the most relevant aspects of the regulatory framework applicable to the Sabadell 
Group, as well as the main factors that have directly or indirectly affected or are currently affecting its operations 
in a significant way. 
In addition, see "Risk Factors", which includes the specific and significant factors that the Group believes could 
significantly affect its operations. 
EU banking union 
The project of achieving a European banking union was launched in the summer of 2012. Its main goal is to resume 
progress towards the European single market for financial services by restoring confidence in the European 
banking sector and ensuring the proper functioning of monetary policy in the Eurozone. 
Banking union is expected to be achieved through harmonised banking rules (the single rulebook) and an 
institutional framework with stronger systems for both banking supervision and resolution that is managed at the 
European level. Its two main pillars are the SSM and the SRM. The SSM (comprised by both the ECB and the 
national competent authorities) is intended to assist in making the banking sector more transparent, unified and 
safer. 
The SSM represented a significant change in the approach to banking supervision at a European and global level 
and resulted in the direct supervision by the ECB of the largest financial institutions, including the Bank, and 
indirect supervision of around 3,500 financial institutions. The SSM is one of the largest supervisors in the world 
in terms of assets under supervision. In the coming years, the SSM is expected to continue to work on the 
establishment of a supervisory culture importing the best practices from the supervisory authorities that form part 
of the SSM. Several steps have already been taken in this regard such as the publication of the SSM Supervisory 
Manual in March 2018 and the approval of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the ECB of 16 April 2014, 
establishing the framework for cooperation within the SSM between the ECB and the national competent 
authorities and with national designated authorities, Regulation (EU) 2016/445 of the ECB of 14 March 2016, on 
the exercise of options and discretions available in EU law, and a set of guidelines on the application of CRR's (as 
defined below) national options and discretions. In addition, the SSM represents an extra cost for the financial 
institutions that fund it through payment of supervisory fees. 
The second pillar of the EU banking union is the SRM, the main purpose of which is to ensure a prompt and 
coherent resolution of failing banks in Europe at minimum cost. The SRM Regulation establishes uniform rules 
and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of 
the SRM and a Single Resolution Fund (the "Single Resolution Fund"). Under the intergovernmental agreement 
(IGA) signed by 26 EU member states on 21 May 2014, contributions by banks raised at national level were 
transferred to the Single Resolution Fund. The Single Resolution Board ("SRB"), which is the central decision-
making body of the SRM, started operating on 1 January 2015 and fully assumed its resolution powers on 1 January 
2016. The SRB is responsible for managing the Single Resolution Fund and its mission is to ensure that credit 
institutions and other entities under its oversight, which face serious difficulties, are resolved effectively with 
minimal costs to taxpayers and the real economy. From that date onwards, the Single Resolution Fund is also in 
place, funded by contributions from European banks in accordance with the methodology approved by the Council 
of the EU. The Single Resolution Fund is expected to reach a total amount of €80 billion by the end of 2023 (is 
being built up over a period of 8 years (2016-2023) and will reach at least 1 per cent. of the amount of covered 
deposits of credit institutions in all 21 EU banking union countries within the BRRD) to be used as a separate 
backstop only after an 8 per cent. bail-in of a bank's liabilities has been applied to cover capital shortfalls (in line 
with the BRRD). 
By allowing for the consistent application of EU banking rules through the SSM and the SRM, the banking union 
is expected to help resume momentum towards economic and monetary union. In order to complete such union, a 
single deposit guarantee scheme is still needed, which may require a change to the existing European treaties. This 
is the subject of continued negotiation by European leaders to ensure further progress is made in European fiscal, 
economic and political integration. In November 2015 the Commission proposed to set up a European deposit 
insurance scheme for bank deposits in the euro area, built on the system of national deposit guarantee schemes 
regulated by Directive 2014/49, which as of the date of this Base Prospectus is still pending. Within the context of 
the CDMI Proposal, the European Commission adopted on 18 April 2023 a proposal to amend Directive 2014/49 
in order to, among others, (i) clarify the scope of depositor protection to offer EU depositors a harmonised and

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
robust level of protection, (ii) increase the convergence in deposit guarantee scheme practices and among 
authorities, and (iii) improve cross-border cooperation between deposit guarantee schemes. 
Capital, liquidity and funding requirements 
Overview 
As a Spanish credit institution, the Bank is subject to Directive 2013/36/EU, of 26 June, of the European Parliament 
on access to credit institution and investment firm activities and on prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms (the "CRD IV Directive"), as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council, of 20 May, amending the CRD IV Directive with respect to exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures (the "CRD V Directive" and together with the CRD IV Directive, the "CRD Directive"). 
The core regulation regarding the solvency of credit entities is Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013, of 26 June, of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms 
(the "CRR I") as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 20 
May, (the "CRR II" and together with the CRR I, the "CRR") (the CRR together with the CRD Directive and any 
CRD Implementing Measures (as this term is defined in the Conditions), the "Capital Requirements 
Regulations"), which is complemented by several binding regulatory technical standards, all of which are directly 
applicable in all EU member states, without the need for national implementation measures. The implementation 
of the CRD IV Directive into Spanish law took place through Royal Decree-Law 14/2013, of 29 November, on 
urgent measures to adapt Spanish law to EU regulations on the subject of supervision and solvency of financial 
entities (Real Decreto-ley 14/2013, de 29 de noviembre, de medidas urgentes para la adaptación del derecho 
español a la normativa de la Unión Europea en materia de supervisión y solvencia de entidades financieras) ("RD-
L 14/2013"), Law 10/2014, of 26 June, on the regulation, supervision and solvency of credit entities (Ley 10/2014, 
de 26 de junio, de ordenación, supervision y solvencia de entidades de crédito) ("Law 10/2014"), Royal Decree 
84/2015, of 13 February, implementing Law 10/2014 (Real Decreto 84/2015, de 13 de febrero, por el que se 
desarrolla la Ley 10/2014) ("RD 84/2015"), Bank of Spain Circular 2/2014 of 31 January (Circular 2/2014, de 31 
de enero, del Banco de España) ("Bank of Spain Circular 2/2014") and Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016 of 2 
February (Circular 2/2016, de 2 de febrero, del Banco de España) ("Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016"). 
On 27 June 2019, a comprehensive package of reforms amending CRR I, the CRD IV Directive, the BRRD I and 
the SRM Regulation I entered into force: (i) CRD V Directive; (ii) BRRD II; (iii) CRR II; and (iv) SRM Regulation 
II (the "EU Banking Reforms"). The EU Banking Reforms cover multiple areas, including, among others, the 
"Pillar 2 framework", the leverage ratio, mandatory restrictions on distributions, permission for reducing own funds 
and eligible liabilities, macroprudential tools, a new category of "non-preferred" senior debt that should only be 
bailed-in after junior ranking instruments but before other senior liabilities, changes to the definitions of Tier 2 and 
Additional Tier 1 instruments, the MREL framework and the integration of the TLAC standard into EU legislation. 
With respect to the European Commission's proposal regarding the recognition of the "non-preferred" senior debt, 
it was implemented in the EU through the Directive (EU) 2017/2399 amending the BRRD with respect to the 
ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, which was published in the Official Journal of the 
EU on 27 December 2017. It had to be transposed into national law by the EU member states by 29 December 
2018, provided that the relevant EU member states had not previously legislated in the sense of such Directive. In 
Spain, the new class of "non-preferred" senior debt and its insolvency ranking were introduced earlier through the 
RDL 11/2017. 
CRD V Directive and BRRD II were implemented into Spanish law through RDL 7/2021 amending Law 10/2014, 
Law 11/2015, Royal Decree 970/2021, which amended Royal Decree 84/2015, Circulars 5/2021 and 3/2022 of the 
Bank of Spain (amending Circular 2/2016 of the Bank of Spain) and Royal Decree 1041/2021, which amended 
Royal Decree 1012/2015. Despite the fact that RDL 7/2021 is generally enforceable since 29 April 2021, the 
Spanish Parliament decided on 19 May 2021 to process it as a Bill and so RDL 7/2021 provisions may be subject 
to changes. There remains uncertainty as to how the EU Banking Reforms will be applied by the relevant 
authorities. 
Additionally, on 27 October 2021, the European Commission published legislative proposals amending CRR and 
the CRD Directive, as well as a separate legislative proposal amending CRR and BRRD in the area of resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms. In particular, the main objectives of the European Commission's 
legislative proposals are to strengthen the risk-based capital framework, enhance the focus on environmental, social 
and governance (ESG) risks in the prudential framework, further harmonise supervisory powers and tools and 
reduce institutions' administrative costs related to public disclosures and to improve access to institutions' 
prudential data. The legislative proposals are the following: (i) Directive of the European Parliament and of the

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
Council amending CRD Directive with respect to supervisory powers, sanctions, third-country branches, and 
environmental, social and governance risks; (ii) Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council and its 
annex amending CRR with respect to requirements for credit risk, credit valuation adjustment risk, operational 
risk, market risk and the output floor; and (iii) Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending 
CRR and BRRD with respect to the prudential treatment of global systemically important institution groups with 
a multiple point of entry resolution strategy and a methodology for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible 
for meeting the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (the so-called "daisy chain" proposal). 
The European Parliament and the Council adopted on 19 October 2022 Regulation (EU) 2022/2036 amending 
CRR and BRRD, which partially started to apply on 14 November 2022. However, the timing for the final 
implementation of the legislative proposals referred to in limbs (i) and (ii) above is unclear as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and new or amended elements may be introduced through the course of the legislative process. 
Furthermore, with respect to (i) above, the Directive will need to be implemented in each of the Member States, 
and the way it will be implemented may vary depending on the relevant Member State. 
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted the CMDI Proposal, which enables authorities to organise 
the orderly market exit for a failing bank of any size and business model and consists of three pillars: (i) preserving 
financial stability and protecting taxpayers' money through facilitating the use of deposit guarantee schemes in 
crisis situations; (ii) shielding the real economy from the impact of bank failure by allowing authorities to fully 
use resolution as a key component of the crisis management toolbox; and (iii) better protecting depositors. The 
CMDI Proposal harmonises the standards of depositor protection across the European Union and further extends 
the new framework of depositor protection to public entities. Furthermore, the proposal harmonises the protection 
of temporary high balances on bank accounts in excess of EUR 100,000 linked to specific life events. In particular, 
the CMDI Proposal, includes, among other things, the amendment of the ranking of claims in insolvency to provide 
for a general depositor preference, pursuant to which the insolvency laws of Members States would be required by 
the BRRD to extend the legal preference of claims in respect of deposits relative to ordinary unsecured claims to 
all deposits (covered deposits and deposit guarantee schemes' claims, non-covered deposits of households and 
small and medium enterprises and other non-covered deposits). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the CMDI 
Proposal is subject to further discussion by the European Parliament and the Council and there is a high degree of 
uncertainty with regards to the proposed adjustments and when they will be finally implemented in the European 
Union.Capital requirements 
Under the Capital Requirements Regulations, the Bank is required, on a consolidated and on an individual basis, 
to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital of 8 per cent. of RWAs (the minimum "Pillar 1" capital 
requirements) of which at least 4.5 per cent. must be CET1 capital and at least 6 per cent. must be tier 1 capital. In 
addition to the minimum "Pillar 1" capital requirements, credit institutions must comply with the "combined buffer 
requirement", which is divided into five capital buffers to be satisfied with additional CET1 capital: (i) the capital 
conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWAs; (ii) the global systemically important institutions ("G-SII") buffer 
which shall not be less than 1 per cent. of RWAs; (iii) the other systemically important institutions ("O-SII") 
buffer, which may be as much as 3 per cent. of RWAs (or higher pursuant to the requirements set by the competent 
authority); (iv) the institution-specific counter-cyclical capital buffer, which may be as much as 2.5 per cent. of 
RWAs (or higher pursuant to the requirements set by the competent authority); and (v) the systemic risk buffer to 
prevent systemic or macro prudential risks (to be set by the competent authority). 
While the capital conservation buffer and the G-SII buffer are mandatory, the Bank of Spain has greater discretion 
in relation to the counter-cyclical capital buffer, the O-SII buffer and the systemic risks buffer. The ECB also has 
the ability to provide certain recommendations in this respect. 
As the Bank has not been classified as G-SII by the FSB nor by the Bank of Spain, unless otherwise indicated in 
the future, it will not be required to maintain the G-SII buffer. According to the press release published by the 
Bank of Spain on 22 July 2022, Banco Sabadell is considered an O-SII for 2023 and accordingly, during 2023 it 
is required to maintain, on a consolidated basis, a full O-SII buffer of 0.25 per cent. In addition, the Bank of Spain 
agreed on 31 March 2023 to maintain the counter-cyclical capital buffer applicable to credit exposures in Spain at 
0 per cent. for the second quarter of 2023. However, since the counter-cyclical capital buffer applicable to the Bank 
consists of the weighted average of the counter-cyclical capital buffer rates that apply in the jurisdictions where 
the Bank's relevant credit exposures are located, the Group's exposures to UK need also to be measured. In this 
regard, on 13 December 2021, the FPC decided to increase the UK counter-cyclical capital buffer rate from 0 per 
cent. to 1 per cent. with effects from 13 December 2022 and on 5 July 2022, the FPC announced a further increase 
to 2 per cent., which will be effective from 5 July 2023. As a result, and as further confirmed in the SREP decision 
received by the Bank from the ECB published on 15 December 2022, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
counter-cyclical capital buffer rate for the Bank is 0.19 per cent.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
Some or all of the other buffers may also apply to the Bank and/or the Group from time to time as determined by 
the Bank of Spain, the ECB or any other competent authority. 
Moreover, Article 104 of CRD Directive, as implemented in Spain by Article 68 of Law 10/2014, and similarly 
Article 16 of SSM Regulation, also contemplate that in addition to the minimum "Pillar 1" capital requirements 
and any applicable capital buffer, supervisory authorities may require further "Pillar 2" capital requirements to 
cover other risks, including those risks not considered to be fully captured by the minimum "own funds" "Pillar 1" 
capital requirements under the Capital Requirements Regulations or to address macro-prudential considerations. 
This may result in the imposition of additional capital requirements on the Bank and/or the Group pursuant to this 
"Pillar 2" framework. As explained in the "Risk Factors" section above, any failure by the Bank and/or the Group 
to maintain its "Pillar 1" minimum regulatory capital ratios and any "Pillar 2" additional capital could result in 
administrative actions or sanction, which, in turn, may have a material adverse impact on the Group's results of 
operations. 
In addition, in accordance with Article 104b of CRD Directive, as implemented in Spain by Articles 69 and 69 bis 
of Law 10/2014, the specific "Pillar 2" capital will consist of two parts: "Pillar 2" requirements ("P2R"), which 
are binding and a breach of which can have direct legal consequences for banks, and "Pillar 2" Guidance ("P2G"), 
which is not directly binding even though the ECB expects banks to meet it at all times. According to Article 
43.3.c) of Law 10/2014 banks shall meet the P2G with CET1 capital on top of the level of binding capital 
(minimum and additional) requirements ("Pillar 1" capital requirements, P2R and the "combined buffer 
requirements"). If a bank does not meet its P2G, this will not result in automatic action of the supervisor and will 
not be used to determine the Maximum Distributable Amount (as defined below) trigger, but Article 69.1.e) of 
Law 10/2014 provides that when an institution repeatedly fails to meet the P2G it will trigger, where appropriate, 
the imposition of additional own funds requirements. The Capital Requirements Regulations do not require 
disclosure of the P2G. However, the Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) ESMA Guidelines on delay in the disclosure 
of inside information and interaction with prudential supervision, as amended on 5 January 2022, provide that P2G 
may be inside information if, for example, the difference between the P2G and the institution's level of capital is 
not minor and is likely to involve a major reaction by the institution, such as a capital increase; or if the institution's 
P2G is not in line with market expectations. To the extent that P2G constitutes inside information, it will need to 
be disclosed pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation obligations applicable to the Bank. 
In addition to the above, the EBA published on 19 December 2014 its guidelines for common procedures and 
methodologies in respect of the SREP, as revised on 18 March 2022 with the aim of implementing the amendments 
to the CRD V Directive and CRR II and promoting convergence towards best supervisory practices (the "EBA 
SREP Guidelines"). Under these guidelines, national supervisors should set a composition requirement for the 
"Pillar 2" capital to cover certain specified risks of at least 56 per cent. CET1 capital and at least 75 per cent. tier 
1 capital. Under Article 104(a) of CRD Directive (implemented into Spanish law by Article 94.6 of Royal Decree 
84/2015), EU banks are now allowed to meet P2R with these minimum proportions of CET1 capital and tier 1 
capital. 
According to Article 48 of Law 10/2014, Article 73 of RD 84/2015 and Rule 24 of Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016, 
those entities failing to meet the "combined buffer requirement" will be subject to restrictions on: (i) distributions 
relating to CET1 capital; (ii) payments in respect of variable remuneration or discretionary pension revenues; and 
(iii) distributions relating to additional tier 1 capital instruments ("Discretionary Payments"), until the maximum 
distributable amount calculated according to the Capital Requirements Regulations (i.e., the firm's "distributable 
profits", calculated in accordance with the Capital Requirements Regulations, multiplied by a factor dependent on 
the extent of the shortfall in CET1 capital) (the "Maximum Distributable Amount") has been calculated and 
communicated to the Bank of Spain. Thereafter, any such distributions or payments will be subject to such 
Maximum Distributable Amount for entities (a) not meeting the "combined buffer requirement" or (b) in relation 
to which the Bank of Spain has adopted any of the measures set forth in Article 68.2 of Law 10/2014 aimed at 
strengthening own funds or limiting or prohibiting the distribution of dividends. 
As set out in the "Opinion of the European Banking Authority on the interaction of Pillar 1, Pillar 2 and combined 
buffer requirements and restrictions on distributions" published on 16 December 2015 (the "December 2015 EBA 
Opinion"), competent authorities should ensure that the CET1 capital to be taken into account in determining the 
CET1 capital available to meet the "combined buffer requirement" for the purposes of the Maximum Distributable 
Amount calculation is limited to the amount not used to meet the "Pillar 1" and "Pillar 2" capital of the institution 
and, accordingly the "combined buffer requirement" is in addition to the minimum capital requirement and to the 
additional capital requirement, and therefore, it would be, after the P2G, the first layer of capital to be eroded 
pursuant to the applicable stacking order. Whereas (121) of the CRD Directive further clarifies that P2R should be 
positioned in the relevant stacking order of own funds requirements above the "Pillar 1" capital requirements and

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
below the "combined buffer requirement" or the leverage ratio buffer requirement, as applicable and also clarifies 
that P2R should be set in relation to the specific situation of an institution excluding macroprudential or systemic 
risks, but including the risks incurred by individual institutions due to their activities (including those reflecting 
the impact of certain economic and market developments on the risk profile of an individual institution). 
In addition to the above, the CRR (as amended by the EU Banking Reforms) also contains a binding 3 per cent. 
Tier 1 capital leverage ratio requirement on top of the own funds requirements in article 92 of the CRR that 
institutions must meet in addition to their risk-based requirements. Thus, any additional own funds requirements 
imposed by competent authorities to address the risk of excessive leverage should be added to the minimum 
leverage ratio requirement and not to the minimum risk-based own funds requirement. Institutions should also be 
able to use any CET1 capital instruments that they use to meet their leverage-related requirements to meet their 
risk-based own funds requirements, including the "combined buffer requirement". 
MREL requirements 
In addition to the minimum capital requirements under the Capital Requirements Regulations, the BRRD 
prescribes that banks shall comply, at all times, the MREL requirements. According to Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 of 23 May 2016 ("MREL Delegated Regulation"), the level of own funds and eligible 
liabilities required under MREL will be set by the resolution authority for each bank (and/or group). The eligibility 
requirements for liabilities capable of being counted towards MREL are described in further detail below. 
While the MREL requirement was scheduled to come into force on 1 January 2016, pursuant to the MREL 
Delegated Regulation and Royal Decree 1012/2015, resolution authorities have determined a transitional period 
with an interim requirement which applies from 1 January 2022 and the full requirement appliying from 1 January 
2024. 
On 9 November 2015 the FSB published its final Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity ("TLAC") Principles and Term 
Sheet, proposing that G-SIIs maintain significant minimum amounts of liabilities that are subordinated (by law, 
contract or structurally) to certain prior ranking liabilities, such as guaranteed insured deposits, and which form a 
new standard for G-SIIs. The TLAC Principles and Term Sheet contains a set of principles on loss absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of G-SIIs in resolution and a term sheet for the implementation of these principles in the 
form of an internationally agreed standard. On 2 July 2019, the FSB published its review of the technical 
implementation of the TLAC Principles and Term Sheet concluding that, although further efforts are needed to 
implement the TLAC standard fully and effectively and to determine the appropriate group-internal distribution of 
TLAC resources across home and host jurisdictions, it sees no need to modify the TLAC standard at this time. The 
TLAC Principles and Term Sheet establish a minimum TLAC requirement to be determined individually for each 
G-SII at the greater of (a) 16 per cent. of RWAs as of 1 January 2019 and 18 per cent. as of 1 January 2022, and 
(b) 6 per cent. of the Basel III Tier 1 leverage exposures as of 1 January 2019, and 6.75 per cent. as of 1 January 
2022. Under the FSB TLAC standard, capital buffers stack on top of TLAC. 
Although the Bank has not been classified as a G-SII by the FSB nor the Bank of Spain, it cannot be disregarded 
that TLAC requirements may apply to the Bank and/or the Group in addition to other capital requirements as a 
result of TLAC requirements being adopted and implemented in Spain and extended to non-G-SIIs through the 
imposition of similar MREL requirements as set out below, of any legislative proposal from the European 
Commission taking into account the need for consistency between MREL and other international standards such 
as TLAC, or otherwise. 
One of the main objectives of the EU Banking Reforms was to implement the TLAC standard and to integrate the 
TLAC requirement into the general MREL rules ("TLAC/MREL Requirements") thereby avoiding duplication 
from the application of two parallel requirements. Although TLAC and MREL pursue the same regulatory 
objective, there are, nevertheless, some differences between them in the way they are constructed. The EU Banking 
Reforms integrated the TLAC standard into the existing MREL rules to ensure that both requirements are met with 
largely similar instruments, with the exception of the subordination requirement, which will be partially institution-
specific and determined by the resolution authority. 
As said, although the specific MREL requirements may vary depending on the specific characteristics of the 
relevant entity and the resolution process MREL includes two different ratios: (i) a risk ratio (percentage of total 
RWAs of the resolution entity) and (ii) a non-risk ratio (percentage of the resolution entity's total exposure). 
Eligible liabilities capable of being counted towards MREL must have a remaining maturity of at least one year 
and, if governed by a non-EU law, they must be able to be written down or converted by the resolution authority 
of a Member State under that law or through contractual provisions. A part of eligible liabilities must be

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
subordinated in order to reduce the risk of no creditors worse-off, which means that in resolution, shareholders and 
creditors should not be worse-off than in case the institution had entered into normal insolvency proceedings. 
According to the Capital Requirement Regulations, MREL application is also subject to a different regime 
depending on the nature of the entity based on its resource volume and systemic profile. Thus, the MREL 
requirements are different for G-SIIs, "top tier" entities (entities which are not G-SIIs but have consolidated total 
assets above €100 billion), other entities which the resolution authority has assessed as reasonably likely to pose a 
systemic risk in the event of its failure ("other systemic entities") and the rest of the resolution institutions. Banco 
Sabadell is a "top tier" bank. In particular, G-SIIs, "top tier" banks and other systemic entities are subject since 
January 2022 to MREL Pillar 1 requirements (to be met only with MREL instruments constituting subordinated 
debt and "non-preferred" senior debt under the insolvency hierarchy introduced in Spain by RDL 11/2017 will be 
eligible for compliance with the subordination requirement): in principle, 18 per cent. RWAs and 6.75 per cent. of 
leverage exposure in the case of G-SIIs and 13.5 per cent. of RWAs and 5 per cent. of leverage exposure in the 
case of "top tier" entities and other systemic entities. The leverage exposure requirement includes the "combined 
buffer requirement" under the Capital Requirements Regulations. 
Likewise, the Capital Requirement Regulations include, apart from the MREL Pillar 1 requirements, an additional 
subordination requirement of eligible instruments for G-SIIs, "top tier" banks and other systemic entities involving 
an institution specific MREL "Pillar 2" subordination requirement. This requirement is targeted at 8 per cent. but 
can be adjusted upwards or downwards by resolution authorities on a case-by-case basis. Resolution authorities 
may also impose "Pillar 2" subordination requirements to institutions not constituting G-SIIs, "top tier" entities or 
other systemic entities. For more information on MREL requirements applicable to Banco Sabadell, please see 
"Risks Relating to the Business of the Issuer and the Group—Legal, Regulatory and Compliance Risks—
Implementation of capital requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects". 
Furthermore, Article 16.a) of BRRD, as implemented in Spain by Article 16 bis of Law 11/2015, better clarifies 
the stacking order between the "combined buffer requirement" and the MREL requirement. Pursuant to this new 
provision, a resolution authority will have the power to prohibit an entity from making Discretionary Payments 
above the Maximum Distributable Amount (calculated in accordance with paragraph (4) of such Article 16.a) of 
the BRRD II) where it meets the "combined buffer requirement" but fails to meet that "combined buffer 
requirement" when considered in addition to the MREL requirements (the "MREL-Maximum Distributable 
Amount"). Said Article 16.a) of the BRRD (paragraph 3 of Article 16 bis of Law 11/2015) includes a potential 
nine-month grace period whereby the resolution authority will assess on a monthly basis whether to exercise its 
powers under the MREL-Maximum Distributable Amount before such resolution authority is compelled to 
exercise its power under the provisions (subject to certain limited exceptions). 
Article 86 of Royal Decree 1012/2015 as amended by Royal Decree 1041/2021 establishes the consequences of a 
failure by an institution to meet the MREL requirement, including, among others: prohibition of certain 
distributions, requirement of additional capital, sanctions and other administrative measures. 
Prudential treatment of non-performing exposures 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published its supervisory expectations on prudent levels of provision for NPLs in the 
form of a subsequent addendum (the "Addendum") to the ECB's guidance on NPLs for credit institutions of 20 
March 2017, which clarified the ECB's supervisory expectations with regard to the identification, measurement, 
management and write-off of NPLs. The Addendum sets out what the ECB considers to be prudential provisioning 
of non-performing exposures ("NPEs"), in order to avoid an excessive build-up of non-covered aged NPLs on 
banks' balance sheets in the future, which would require specific supervisory measures. 
In this respect, the ECB assesses any differences between banks' practices and the prudential provisioning 
expectations at least annually and links the supervisory expectations in the Addendum to new NPLs classified as 
such from 1 April 2018 onwards. In addition, banks are asked to inform the ECB of any differences between their 
practices and the prudential provisioning expectations, as part of the SREP supervisory dialogue, as from early 
2021. This could ultimately result in the ECB requiring banks to apply specific adjustments to their net worth 
calculations when the accounting treatment applied by the bank is not considered prudent from a supervisory 
perspective which, in turn, could have an impact on the banks' capital position. 
In August 2019, the ECB further revised its supervisory expectations for prudential provisioning of new NPEs 
taking into account the adoption of Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
17 April, which outlines the Pillar 1 treatment for NPEs, complements existing prudential rules and requires a 
deduction from own funds when NPEs are not sufficiently covered by provisions or other adjustments. 
Loss absorbing powers 
The BRRD (implemented in Spain through Law 11/2015 and RD 1012/2015) is designed to provide authorities 
with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in unsound or failing credit institutions or 
investment firms (each an "institution") so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and 
economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD further provides that any extraordinary public financial support through additional financial 
stabilisation tools is only to be used by a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the 
other resolution tools set out below to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining financial stability. 
In accordance with Article 20 of Law 11/2015, an institution will be considered as non-viable in any of the 
following circumstances: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in significant breach of its solvency or any 
other requirements necessary for maintaining its authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to 
be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; or 
(iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). The determination that an 
institution is no longer viable may depend on a number of factors which may be outside of that institution's control. 
As provided in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, Law 11/2015 contains four resolution tools and powers which 
may be used alone or in combination where any relevant authority (i.e. the FROB, the SRB or, as the case may be 
and according to Law 11/2015, the Bank of Spain or the CNMV) or any other entity with the authority to exercise 
any such tools and powers from time to time (each, a "Relevant Resolution Authority") as appropriate, considers 
that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector 
measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action 
is in the public interest. 
The four resolution tools are: (i) sale of business, which enables the Relevant Resolution Authority to direct the 
sale of the institution or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution, which enables 
the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer all or part of the business of the institution to a "bridge institution" 
(an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation, which enables 
the Relevant Resolution Authority to transfer certain categories of assets (including impaired or problematic assets) 
to one or more publicly-owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising 
their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool 
only); and (iv) bail-in, which gives the Relevant Resolution Authority the right to exercise certain elements of the 
Spanish Bail-in Power (as defined below). This includes the ability of the Relevant Resolution Authority to write 
down (including to zero) and/or to convert into equity or other securities or obligations (which equity, securities 
and obligations could also be subject to any future application of the Spanish Bail-in Power) certain unsecured 
debt claims (including the Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme) irrespective of 
whether they qualify as capital instruments or not. 
The "Spanish Bail-in Power" is any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power existing 
from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect 
in Spain, relating to the transposition of the BRRD, as amended from time to time, including, but not limited to (i) 
Law 11/2015, as amended from time to time, (ii) RD 1012/2015, as amended from time to time, (iii) the SRM 
Regulation (as defined in the Conditions), as amended from time to time, and (iv) any other instruments, rules or 
standards made in connection with either (i), (ii) or (iii), pursuant to which obligations (with certain exceptions) of 
an institution can be reduced, cancelled, modified or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of 
such institution or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period). 
In accordance with Article 48 of Law 11/2015 (and subject to any exclusions that may be applied by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority under Article 43 of Law 11/2015), in the case of any application of the Spanish Bail-in Power 
to absorb losses and cover the amount of the recapitalisation, the sequence of any resulting write-down or 
conversion shall be as follows: (i) CET1 items; (ii) the principal amount of Additional Tier 1 instruments; (iii) the 
principal amount of Tier 2 capital instruments; (iv) the principal amount of other subordinated claims that do not 
qualify as Additional Tier 1 capital or Tier 2 capital; and (v) the principal or outstanding amount of bail-inable 
liabilities in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings (with "non-preferred" 
senior claims subject to the Spanish Bail-in Power after any subordinated claims against the Bank but before the 
other senior claims against the Bank).

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
In addition to the Spanish Bail-in Power, the BRRD, Article 38 of Law 11/2015 and the SRM Regulation provide 
for the Relevant Resolution Authority to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity 
capital instruments (such as the Tier 2 Subordinated Notes) and certain internal eligible liabilities at the point of 
non-viability of an institution or a group of which the institution forms part (the "Non-Viability Loss Absorption", 
and together with the Spanish Bail-in Power, the "Statutory Loss-Absorption Power"). The point of non-viability 
of an institution is the point at which the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the institution meets the 
conditions for resolution or that it will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written down 
or converted into equity or that extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the 
Relevant Resolution Authority determines that the institution would no longer be viable. The point of non-viability 
of a group is the point at which the group infringes or there are objective elements to support a determination that 
the group, in the near future, will infringe its consolidated solvency requirements in a way that would justify action 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 38.3 of Law 11/2015. Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption may be imposed prior to or in combination with any exercise of the Spanish Bail-in Power or any other 
resolution tool or power (where the conditions for resolution referred to above are met). 
In accordance with Article 64.1 (i) of Law 11/2015, the FROB has also the power to alter the amount of interest 
payable under debt instruments and other eligible liabilities of institutions subject to resolution proceedings and 
the date on which the interest becomes payable under the debt instrument (including the power to suspend payment 
for a temporary period). 
UK regulation 
In the UK, on 18 December 2013 the Financial Services (Banking Reform) Act 2013 (the "Banking Reform Act") 
was enacted. The Banking Reform Act introduced a number of measures which could impact TSB's business, 
including: (i) a new bail-in option through an amendment to the Banking Act 2009 for resolving failing banks (in 
addition to the existing stabilisation options) whereby the Bank of England is given the power, in a resolution 
scenario, to cancel, reduce or defer the equity liabilities of a bank (including divesting shareholders of a bank of 
their shares), convert an instrument issued by a bank from one form or class to another (for example, a debt 
instrument into equity) and/or transfer some or all of the securities of a bank to an appointed bail-in administrator; 
(ii) powers for the UK Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and H.M. Treasury to implement further detailed 
rules to give effect to the recommendations of the Sir John Vickers' Independent Commission on Banking on ring-
fencing requirements for the banking sector; (iii) powers for the PRA and the Financial Conduct Authority to 
require non-regulated qualifying parent undertakings of regulated entities to take actions to facilitate resolution; 
and (iv) preferential ranking of insured depositors on a winding-up to rank ahead of all other unsecured creditors. 
Capital Requirements Regulations and BRRD requirements adopted in the UK may change as a result of changes 
to the way in which the PRA continues to interpret and apply these requirements to banks in the UK following the 
end of the transition period under the agreement on the withdrawal of the UK from the EU.  
The "Pillar 1" regulatory capital framework has been, and continues to be, significantly enhanced. The UK 
implemented the first tranche of changes associated with Basel III in January 2022. These include the changes in 
relation to the counterparty risk, equity investments in funds and market risk RWAs and the leverage ratio. The 
other elements of Basel III, including the changes to credit, operational and market risk and credit valuation 
adjustment RWAs, and the implementation of an RWA output floor were scheduled by the Basel Committee for 
implementation in January 2023. In November 2022, the PRA issued a consultation on these other elements of the 
Basel III package with a proposed implementation date of 1 January 2025. 
Such changes, either individually and/or in aggregate, may lead to further unexpected enhanced requirements in 
relation to TSB's capital, leverage, liquidity and funding ratios or alter the way such ratios are calculated. 
In addition, on 20 July 2022, the Financial Services and Markets Bill 2022-23 was introduced in the UK, aiming 
to implement the outcomes of the UK Government's future regulatory framework (FRF) review and to make other 
significant changes to the structure and content of UK financial services regulation, including the revocation of 
retained EU law. Regulators have already begun consultation on some of the reforms that would be made by the 
Bill and the enactment of the Bill will trigger an extensive programme of consultation on proposed changes that 
will be implemented over a period of months and years. 
U.S. regulation 
The regulation in the U. S. of the financial services industry has experienced significant structural reforms since 
the passage of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act") in 2010.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
The Dodd-Frank Act provided for, or authorised regulations providing for, among other things, the establishment 
of enhanced prudential standards applicable to certain systemically important financial institutions ("SIFIs"), 
including the U.S. operations of certain large foreign banking organisations ("FBOs"); establishment of resolution 
planning requirements for certain U.S banking organisations and FBOs; prohibitions on engagement by certain 
banking entities in certain proprietary trading activities and restrictions on ownership or sponsorship of, or entering 
into certain credit-related transactions with related, covered funds (the "Volcker Rule"). The ongoing Dodd-Frank 
Act implementation and other potential regulatory changes that may be implemented under the Biden 
administration could result in loss of revenue, higher compliance costs, additional limits on the Group's activities, 
constraints on its ability to enter into new businesses and other adverse effects on its businesses. 
The Dodd-Frank Act requires the Bank to submit a plan (commonly called a "living will") to the Federal Reserve 
Board and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") for the orderly resolution of the Bank's U.S. 
operations in the event of future material financial distress or failure. If, after reviewing the Bank's living will and 
any related re-submissions, the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC jointly determine that the Bank's living will 
failed to cure identified deficiencies, they are authorised to impose more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity 
requirements, or restrictions on the Group's growth, activities or operations, which could have an adverse effect 
on the Group's business. 
In October 2015, the U.S. federal bank regulatory agencies adopted final rules for uncleared swaps (including in 
the case of certain inter-affiliate transactions) that phased in variation margin requirements from 1 September 2016 
through 1 March 2017 and initial margin requirements from 1 September 2016 through 1 September 2020, 
depending on the level of specified derivatives activity of the swap dealer and the relevant counterparty. On 21 
June 2019, the Securities Exchange Commission ("SEC") adopted regulations establishing margin requirements 
for uncleared security-based swaps. 
Each of these aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as other aspects, such as the Volcker Rule, OTC derivatives 
regulation and other changes in U.S. banking regulations, may directly and indirectly impact various aspects of the 
Group's business. The full spectrum of risks that the Dodd-Frank Act and related regulations pose to the Group is 
not yet fully known; however, such risks could be material and the Group could be materially and adversely 
affected. 
Recent volatility in the U.S. banking sector may result in other legislative initiatives, agency rulemaking activities, 
or changes in agency policies and priorities that could subject the Bank to enhanced government regulation and 
supervision, which could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business. In response to the failures of Silicon 
Valley Bank and Signature Bank in March 2023 and, more recently, the failure of First Republic Bank in May 
2023, the Federal Reserve Board and other U.S. regulators are evaluating further potential changes to the regulatory 
and supervisory framework for U.S. banks and foreign banking organisations. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus it cannot be determined what those changes will be. 
The U.S. banking regulators are expected in the course of calendar year 2023 to issue a notice of proposed 
rulemaking to implement enhanced regulatory capital requirements in the U.S. that align with the standards 
previously issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2017 (commonly known as "Basel 
III"). Given the broad implications for economic growth, credit availability, market liquidity and financial stability 
under the Basel III, industry participants expect this may be among the most consequential changes to U.S. banking 
regulation since the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act in 2010.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
TAXATION  
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer's country 
of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. The information 
provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and practice currently applicable and is 
subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which could be made with retroactive 
effect. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport to deal with the 
tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of whom (such as dealers in securities) may be 
subject to special rules. Other than in accordance with Condition 14 (Taxation), the Issuer does not assume 
responsibility for withholding taxes. Prospective investors who are in any doubts as to their position should consult 
with their own professional advisers.  
The proposed EU Financial Transactions Tax  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") for a 
Directive for a common Financial Transactions Tax (the "EU FTT") in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to in 
Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No. 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's proposal, the EU FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a credit institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A credit 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
In the ECOFIN meeting of 17 June 2016, the EU FTT was discussed between the EU Member States. It was 
reiterated in this meeting that participating Member States envisage introducing an EU FTT by means of the so-
called enhanced cooperation process.  
The proposed Directive defines how the EU FTT would be implemented in participating Member States. It involves 
a minimum 0.1 per cent. tax rate for transactions in all types of financial instruments, except for derivatives that 
would be subject to a minimum 0.01 per cent. tax rate. 
On 3 December 2018, the finance ministers of France and Germany outlined a joint proposal for a limited FTT 
based on a system already in place in France. Under the new proposal, the tax obligation would apply only to 
transactions involving shares issued by domestic companies with a market capitalisation of over €1 billion. 
However, the Commission's proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which, 
remains unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate and/or certain of the participating 
Member States may decide to withdraw.  
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the EU FTT. 
The Spanish financial transactions tax 
The Spanish law which implements the Spanish financial tax (the "Spanish FTT") was approved on 7 October 
2020 (the "FTT Law") and the FTT Law was published in the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado) 
on 16 October, 2020. The Spanish FTT came into force three months after the publication of the FTT Law in the 
Spanish Official Gazette (that is, on 16 January 2021).  
Spanish FTT will charge a 0.2 per cent. rate on specific acquisitions of listed shares issued by Spanish companies 
whose market capitalization exceeds €1 billion, regardless of the jurisdiction of residence of the parties involved 
in the transaction. The tax payer will be the financial traders that transfer or execute the purchase order and must 
submit an annual tax return.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
The list of the Spanish companies with a market capitalisation exceeding €1 billion at 1 December of each year 
will be published on the Spanish tax authorities' website before 31 December each year. For the purposes of 
transactions closed during 2023, the Spanish tax authorities issued a list of entities whose market capitalisation 
exceeded €1 billion as of 1 December 2022, that will fall within the scope of the Spanish FTT. 
This being said, the Spanish FTT would not apply in relation to the Notes since the Spanish FTT only applies on 
the acquisition of shares of certain Spanish companies, so transactions involving bonds or debt or similar 
instruments, such as preferred securities or derivatives, are not affected by such tax. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Spanish FTT. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign 
financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") 
to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial 
institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Spain) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify 
the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date 
on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register and 
Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining "foreign passthru payments" are published generally would be "grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date.  However, if additional Notes (as described under "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued 
after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as 
subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in the Notes.  In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result 
of the withholding. 
The Kingdom of Spain 
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June ("Law 10/2014"), on the 
regulation, supervision and solvency of credit institutions and Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, 
establishing information obligations in relation to preferential holdings and other debt instruments and 
certain income obtained by individuals resident in the EU and other tax rules ("Royal Decree 
1065/2007"), as amended by Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July, and Royal Decree-Law 20/2011, of 
December 30, on urgent measures on budget, tax and finance matters for the correction of the public 
deficit; 
(b) 
for individuals with tax residency in Spain who are personal income tax ("Personal Income Tax") 
taxpayers, Law 35/2006, of 28 November 2006 on Personal Income Tax and on the partial amendment of 
the Corporate Income Tax Law, Non Residents Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax Law, as amended (the 
"Personal Income Tax Law"), Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March 2007 promulgating the Personal 
Income Tax Regulations, as amended, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June 1991 on Wealth Tax, as 
amended and Law 29/1987, of 18 December 1987 on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended, and Law 
38/2022, of 27 December, for the establishment of temporary levies on energy and on financial credit 
institutions and introducing a temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes, as amended; 
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are corporate income tax ("Corporate Income 
Tax") taxpayers, Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on Corporate Income Tax (the "Corporate Income Tax

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
Law"), as amended and Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July promulgating the Corporate Income Tax 
Regulations (the "Corporate Income Tax Regulations"), as amended; and 
(d) 
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are non-resident 
income tax ("Non-Resident Income Tax") taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March 2004 
promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law, as amended ("Non-Resident 
Income Tax Law"), Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July promulgating the Non-Resident Income Tax 
Regulations, as amended, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June 1991 on Wealth Tax, as amended and Law 
29/1987, of 18 December 1987 on Inheritance and Gift Tax, as amended, and Law 38/2022, of 27 
December, for the establishment of temporary levies on energy and on financial credit institutions and 
introducing a temporary solidarity tax on large fortunes, as amended. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes (each, a "Beneficial Owner"), 
the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example exempt from 
transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative 
Decree 1/1993, of 24 September 1993, and exempt from value added tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 
December 1992 regulating such tax. 
1. 
INDIVIDUALS WITH TAX RESIDENCY IN SPAIN 
1.1 
Individual Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of 
the Notes obtained by individuals who are resident in Spain would constitute a return on investment 
obtained from the transfer of own capital to third parties in accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 
of the Personal Income Tax Law, and should be included in each investor's taxable savings and taxed at 
the tax rate applicable from time to time, currently at the rate of 19 per cent. for taxable income up to 
€6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable income between €6,000.01 to €50,000, 23 per cent. for taxable income 
between €50,000.01 and €200,000, 27 per cent. for taxable income between €200,000.01 and €300,000 
and 28 per cent. for taxable income in excess of €300,000. 
As a general rule, both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the rate of 19 per 
cent. However, it should be noted that Royal Decree 1145/2011 introduced certain amendments to Royal 
Decree 1065/2007, whereby certain procedures for the provision of information were included and by 
virtue of which, in particular, in the case of debt listed securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially 
registered in a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under 
those of another OECD member state, as the Notes issued by the Issuer: 
(a) 
it would not be necessary to provide the Issuer with the identity of the Noteholders who are individuals 
resident in Spain for tax purposes or to indicate the amount of income attributable to such individuals; 
and  
(b) 
interest paid to all Noteholders (whether tax resident in Spain or not) should be paid free of Spanish 
withholding tax provided that the information procedures are complied with. 
Therefore, the Issuer understands that, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007, as amended by Royal 
Decree 1145/2011, it has no obligation to withhold any tax amount for interest paid on the Notes 
corresponding to Noteholders who are individuals with tax residency in Spain provided that the 
information procedures (which do not require identification of the Noteholders) are complied with.  
In light of the above, according to Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, the Issuer will make interest 
payments to individual holders who are resident for tax purposes in Spain without withholding provided 
that the relevant information about the Notes is submitted. 
If the Spanish Tax Authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer of 
withholding to payments made to Spanish tax residents, the Issuer will be bound by the opinion and, with 
immediate effect, will make the appropriate withholding. If this is the case, identification of Noteholders 
may be required and the procedures, if any, for the collection of relevant information will be applied by 
the Issuer (to the extent required) so that it can comply with its obligations under the applicable legislation 
as interpreted by the Spanish Tax Authorities. If procedures for the collection of the Noteholders 
information are to apply, the Noteholders will be informed of such new procedures and their implications.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
Notwithstanding the above, withholding tax at the applicable rate of 19 per cent. may have to be deducted 
by other entities (such as depositaries, institutions or financial entities) provided that such entities are 
resident for tax purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish territory. 
In any event, individual holders may credit the withholding against their Personal Income Tax liability 
for the relevant fiscal year.  
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad de 
las Grandes Fortunas) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax on all their assets (such as the Notes) 
owned every 31 December irrespective of where the assets are located, to the extent that their net worth 
exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in an autonomous region 
(Comunidad Autónoma). Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which they hold 
as at 31 December in each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. 
In addition to the above, the so-called “Solidarity Tax” was approved in December 2022, which is a two 
year direct wealth tax that, in general terms, applied, under certain conditions, to those residents in an 
autonomous region where the Wealth Tax is partial or fully exempt (as Madrid and Andalusia). As regards 
the Basque Country and Navarre, its application is excluded, although it is foreseen that its application 
will be agreed in the Mixed Commission of the Economic Agreement with the Basque Country and the 
Commission of the Economic Agreement with Navarre. 
The rates of the “Solidarity Tax” are (i) 1.7 per cent. on a net worth between €3 million and €5 million, 
(ii) 2.1 per cent. on a net worth between €5 million and €10 million, and (iii) 3.5 per cent. on a net worth 
of more than €10 million. Note that the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of €700,000 
which means that its effective impact, in general, will occur when the net wealth, not tax exempt, are 
greater than €3.7 million. 
Prospective investors are advised to seek their own professional advice in this regard. 
1.2 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to inheritance and gift tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or state rules. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the applicable tax rates currently 
range between 7.65 per cent. and 34 per cent. Relevant factors applied (such as previous net wealth or 
family relationship among transferor and transferee) determine the final effective tax rate that ranges, as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, between 0 per cent. (full exemption) and 81.6 per cent. 
2. 
LEGAL ENTITIES WITH TAX RESIDENCY IN SPAIN  
2.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Payments of income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes constitute a return 
on investments for tax purposes obtained from the transfer to third parties of own capital and would have 
to be included in profit and taxable income of legal entities with tax residency in Spain for Corporate 
Income Tax purposes in accordance with the rules for Corporate Income Tax and subject to the general 
rate of 25 per cent. This general rate will not be applicable to all Corporate Income Tax taxpayers and, 
for instance, it will not apply to banking institutions (which will be taxed at the rate of 30 per cent.). 
Special rates apply in respect of certain types of entities (such as qualifying collective investment 
institutions). 
Pursuant to Section 61.s) of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, there is no obligation to make a 
withholding on income obtained by taxpayers subject to Spanish Corporate Income Tax (which for the 
avoidance of doubt, include Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds) 
from financial assets traded on organised markets in OECD countries. However, payments of interest and 
income deriving from the transfer may be subject to withholding tax at the current rate of 19 per cent. if 
the Notes do not comply with the exemption requirements specified in the ruling issued by the Spanish 
General Directorate of Taxes (Dirección General de Tributos) (the "DGT") dated 27 July 2004 (that is, 
placement of the Notes outside of Spain in another OECD country and admission to listing of the Notes 
on an organised market in an OECD country other than Spain). According to said 2004 ruling, application

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
of the exemption requires that, in addition to being traded on an organised market in an OECD country, 
the Notes are placed outside Spain in another OECD country. In the event that it was determined that the 
exemption from withholding tax on payments to Spanish corporate Noteholders does not apply to any of 
the Notes on the basis that they were placed, totally or partially, in Spain, the Issuer would be required to 
make a withholding at the applicable rate, and no additional amounts will be payable by the Issuer in such 
circumstances as set out above. In any event, the amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant 
investors against its final liability. 
Notwithstanding the above, according to Royal Decree 1065/2007, in the case of listed debt instruments 
issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is 
recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of another OECD member state (such as the Notes 
issued by the Issuer), interest paid to investors should be paid free of Spanish withholding tax.  
Thus, in accordance with Section 44.5 of Royal Decree 1065/2007, there is no obligation to withhold on 
income payable to Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers (which for the sake of clarity, include 
Spanish tax resident investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds). Consequently, the Issuer 
will not withhold on interest payments to Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers provided that the 
relevant information about the Notes is submitted. 
If the Spanish Tax Authorities maintain a different opinion as to the application by the Issuer of 
withholding to payments made to Spanish tax residents, the Issuer will be bound by the opinion and, with 
immediate effect, will make the appropriate withholding. If this is the case, identification of Noteholders 
may be required and the procedures, if any, for the collection of relevant information will be applied by 
the Issuer (to the extent required) so that it can comply with its obligations under the applicable legislation 
as interpreted by the Spanish Tax Authorities. If procedures for the collection of the Noteholders 
information are to apply, the Noteholders will be informed of such new procedures and their implications. 
In any event, amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against its final 
Corporate Income Tax liability. 
2.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad de 
las Grandes Fortunas) 
Spanish resident legal entities are neither subject to Wealth Tax, nor to Solidarity Tax. 
2.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities tax resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax and must include the market value of the Notes in 
their taxable income for Spanish Corporate Income Tax purposes. 
3. 
INDIVIDUALS AND LEGAL ENTITIES WITH NO TAX RESIDENCY IN SPAIN 
3.1 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
(a) 
Non-Spanish resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in 
itself create the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal 
entity who is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving 
from such Notes are the same as those for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers. See "Legal 
Entities with Tax Residency in Spain  – Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades)." 
(b) 
Non-Spanish resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Payments of income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes obtained 
by individuals or entities who have no tax residency in Spain, and which are Non-Resident 
Income Tax taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from such Non-
Resident Income Tax and withholding tax, provided that certain formalities described in

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
"Taxation – The Kingdom of Spain –Information About The Notes In Connection With Payments" 
are duly complied with. 
3.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) and Solidarity Tax (Impuesto Temporal de Solidaridad de 
las Grandes Fortunas) 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to the 
Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals 
whose properties and rights located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory exceed 
€700,000 on the last day of any year (such as the Notes) would be subject to Wealth Tax, the applicable 
rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent. Therefore such individuals should take into account 
the value of the Notes held as of 31 December in each year. 
Non-Spanish tax resident individuals may apply the rules approved by the autonomous region where the 
assets and rights with more value are situated. As such, prospective investors should consult their tax 
advisers. 
In addition to the above, the so-called “Solidarity Tax” was approved in December 2022, which is a two 
year direct wealth tax that, in general terms, applied, under certain conditions, to those residents in an 
autonomous region where the Wealth Tax is partial or fully exempt (as Madrid and Andalusia). As regards 
the Basque Country and Navarre, its application is excluded, although it is foreseen that its application 
will be agreed in the Mixed Commission of the Economic Agreement with the Basque Country and the 
Commission of the Economic Agreement with Navarre. 
The rates of the “Solidarity Tax” are (i) 1.7 per cent. on a net worth between €3 million and €5 million, 
(ii) 2.1 per cent. on a net worth between €5 million and €10 million, and (iii) 3.5 per cent. on a net worth 
of more than €10 million. Note that the regulation lays down a minimum exempt amount of €700,000 
which means that its effective impact, in general, will occur when the net wealth, not tax exempt, are 
greater than €3.7 million. 
Prospective investors are advised to seek their own professional advice in this regard. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are neither subject to Wealth Tax, nor Solidarity Tax. 
3.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals not tax resident in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation 
to inheritance and gift tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to inheritance 
and gift tax in accordance with the Spanish legislation applicable in the relevant autonomous region 
(Comunidad Autónoma). 
If no treaty for the avoidance of double taxation in relation to Inheritance and Gift Tax applies, applicable 
rates would range between 0 per cent. (full exemption) and 81.6 per cent., depending on relevant factors. 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax 
according to the rules set forth in the Spanish State level law or relevant autonomous region law. As such, 
prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax. They will be subject to Non-Resident Income 
Tax, if applicable. If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double 
tax treaty, the provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double-tax treaties provide for the taxation 
of this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary. 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE NOTES IN CONNECTION WITH PAYMENTS  
The Issuer is currently required by Spanish law to file an annual return with the Spanish tax authorities in 
which they report on certain information relating to the Notes. In accordance with Section 44 of Royal

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
Decree 1065/2007, for the purpose of preparing the annual return referred to above, certain information 
with respect to the Notes must be submitted to the Issuer at the time of each payment. 
Such information would be the following: 
(a) 
Identification of the Notes in respect of which the relevant payment is made; 
(b) 
Date on which relevant payment is made; 
(c) 
the total amount of the relevant payment; and 
(d) 
the amount of the relevant payment and to each entity that manages a clearing and settlement system for 
securities situated outside Spain. 
In particular, the Fiscal Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means of a certificate 
the form of which is attached as Annex I of this Base Prospectus. In light of the above, the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection of information concerning the 
Notes.   
If, despite these procedures, the relevant information is not received by the Issuer, the Issuer may be 
required to withhold at the applicable rate of 19 per cent. from any payment in respect of the relevant 
Notes as to which the required information has not been provided. In that event the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amount as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding been required. 
The procedures for providing documentation referred to in this section are set out in detail in Agency 
Agreement which may be inspected during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent.  In particular, if the Fiscal Agent does not act as common depositary, the procedures described in 
this section will be modified in the manner described in the Agency Agreement. 
Set out below is Annex I. Sections in English have been translated from the original Spanish and such 
translations constitute direct and accurate translations of the Spanish language text.  In the event of any 
discrepancy between the Spanish language version of the certificate contained in Annex I and the 
corresponding English translation, the Spanish tax authorities will give effect to the Spanish language 
version of the relevant certificate only.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
ANNEX I 
Anexo al Reglamento General de las actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y 
de desarrollo de las normas comunes de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos, aprobado por Real 
Decreto 1065/2007 
Modelo de declaración a que se refieren los apartados 3, 4 y 5 del artículo 44 del Reglamento General de las 
actuaciones y los procedimientos de gestión e inspección tributaria y de desarrollo de las normas comunes 
de los procedimientos de aplicación de los tributos 
Annex to Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July, approving the General Regulations of the tax inspection and 
management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
Declaration form referred to in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of Article 44 of the General Regulations of the tax inspection 
and management procedures and developing the common rules of the procedures to apply taxes 
1. 
Don (nombre), con número de identificación fiscal (…)(1), en nombre y representación de (entidad 
declarante), con número de identificación fiscal (…)(1) y domicilio en (…) en calidad de (marcar la 
letra que proceda): 
Mr. (name), with tax identification number (…)(1), in the name and on behalf of (entity), with tax 
identification number (…)(1) and address in (…) as (function – mark as applicable): 
1.1 
Entidad Gestora del Mercado de Deuda Pública en Anotaciones. 
Management Entity of the Public Debt Market in book entry form. 
1.2 
Entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de valores con sede en el extranjero. 
Entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident in a foreign country. 
1.3 
Otras entidades que mantienen valores por cuenta de terceros en entidades de compensación y 
liquidación de valores domiciliadas en territorio español. 
Other entities that hold securities on behalf of third parties within clearing and settlement systems 
domiciled in the Spanish territory. 
1.4 
Agente de pagos designado por el emisor. 
Fiscal Agent appointed by the Issuer. 
Formula la siguiente declaración, de acuerdo con lo que consta en sus propios registros: 
Makes the following statement, according to its own records: 
2. 
En relación con los apartados 3 y 4 del artículo 44: 
In relation to paragraphs 3 and 4 of Article 44: 
2.1 
Identificación de los valores ................................................................................................. 
Identification of the securities................................................................................................ 
2.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
2.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar, en todo caso, si son valores emitidos 
al descuento o segregados)....................................................................... 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded, in any case, if the securities are issued at discount 
or are segregated)......................................................................................

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
2.4 
Importe de los rendimientos correspondiente a contribuyentes del Impuesto sobre la Renta de las 
Personas Físicas, excepto cupones segregados y principales segregados en cuyo reembolso 
intervenga una Entidad Gestora ............................................................... 
Amount of income corresponding to Personal Income Tax taxpayers, except segregated coupons and 
segregated 
principals 
for 
which 
reimbursement 
an 
intermediary 
entity 
is 
involved................................................................................................................................ 
2.5 
Importe de los rendimientos que conforme al apartado 2 del artículo 44 debe abonarse por su 
importe íntegro (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento o segregados). 
Amount of income which according to paragraph 2 of Article 44 must be paid gross (or total amount to 
be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated). 
3. 
En relación con el apartado 5 del artículo 44. 
In relation to paragraph 5 of Article 44. 
3.1 
Identificación de los valores ............................................................................................... 
Identification of the securitites ............................................................................................. 
3.2 
Fecha de pago de los rendimientos (o de reembolso si son valores emitidos al descuento o 
segregados) .................................................................................................................... 
Income payment date (or refund if the securities are issued at discount or are segregated) 
............................................................................................................................................... 
3.3 
Importe total de los rendimientos (o importe total a reembolsar si son valores emitidos al descuento 
o segregados ................................................................................................... 
Total amount of income (or total amount to be refunded if the securities are issued at discount or are 
segregated).................................................................................................... 
3.4 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero A. 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country A. 
3.5 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero B. 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country B. 
3.6 
Importe correspondiente a la entidad que gestiona el sistema de compensación y liquidación de 
valores con sede en el extranjero C. 
Amount corresponding to the entity that manages the clearing and settlement system of securities resident 
in a foreign country C. 
Lo que declaro en ..................…. a …. de ...................…de …. 
I declare the above in .............. on the.... of ................... ... of .... 
(1) 
En caso de personas, físicas o jurídicas, no residentes sin establecimiento permanente se hará 
constar el número o código de identificación que corresponda de conformidad con su país de 
residencia 
(1) 
In case of non-residents (individuals or corporations) without permanent establishment in Spain it shall 
be included the number or identification code which corresponds according to their country of residence.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (the 
“Arranger”), Banco Sabadell, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global 
Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE, Natixis, Nomura Financial Products 
Europe GmbH, Société Générale and UniCredit Bank AG (together with the Arranger, the "Dealers"). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and subscribed by, 
Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 19 May 2023 (as amended, the "Dealer 
Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealers.  
The Dealer Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer to subscribe for Notes under any such agreement 
is subject to conditions set out in Clause 3 of the Dealer Agreement and that, in certain circumstances, a Dealer 
shall be entitled to be released and discharged from its obligations under any such agreement prior to the issue of 
the relevant Notes. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or the Dealers in respect of any expense incurred 
or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement between the Issuer and a single 
Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by that Dealer, the method of distribution will be 
described in the relevant Final Terms as "Non-Syndicated" and the name of that Dealer and any other interest of 
that Dealer which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the fact of the appointment of that Dealer will be 
set out in the relevant Final Terms.  If in the case of any Tranche of Notes the method of distribution is an agreement 
between the Issuer and more than one Dealer for that Tranche to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed by those 
Dealers, the method of distribution will be described in the relevant Final Terms as "Syndicated", the obligations 
of those Dealers to subscribe the relevant Notes will be joint and several and the names and addresses of those 
Dealers and any other interests of any of those Dealers which is material to the issue of that Tranche beyond the 
fact of the appointment of those Dealers (including whether any of those Dealers has also been appointed to act as 
Stabilising Manager in relation to that Tranche) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, 
the price at which such Notes will be subscribed by the Dealer(s) and the commissions or other agreed deductibles 
(if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such subscription.  The Dealer Agreement makes provision 
for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other 
Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America   
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or securities laws or "blue sky" laws 
of any state of the United States or any other relevant federal jurisdiction, and, accordingly, may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Accordingly, the Notes are 
being offered and sold in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
Regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the 
relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will 
have sent to each affiliate or other dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating 
thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons a confirmation of notice to substantially the following 
effect:  
"The Securities covered hereby have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act"), and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
after the completion of the distribution of the Securities and except in either case in accordance with Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or 
sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are subject to the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are subject to the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the ESMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 (1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
the domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that:

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") received 
by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the 
FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
The Kingdom of Spain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that the Notes may not be offered or sold in the Kingdom of Spain other than by institutions 
authorised under Law 6/2023, of 17 March, on the Securities Markets and Investment Services (Ley 6/2023, de 17 
de marzo, de los Mercados de Valores y de los Servicios de Inversión) (the "Securities Market Law") and related 
legislation, to provide investment services in the Kingdom of Spain. The Notes may not be offered, sold or 
distributed, nor may any subsequent resale of Notes be carried out in the Kingdom of Spain, except in 
circumstances which do not require the registration of a prospectus in the Kingdom of Spain or without complying 
with all legal and regulatory requirements under Spanish securities laws. Offers of Notes in the Kingdom of Spain 
shall only be directed specifically at, or made to, professional clients and eligible counterparties, as defined in 
Articles 194 and 196 of the Securities Market Law, respectively. Neither the Notes nor this Base Prospectus have 
been registered with the Spanish Securities Market Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) (the 
"CNMV") and therefore this Base Prospectus is not intended for any offer of the Notes in the Kingdom of Spain 
that would require the registration of a prospectus with the CNMV. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as 
a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to 
time (a "Belgian Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, 
sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or 
indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the 
Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the SFA. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or 
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 
275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under 
the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA"). This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the 
FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Notes. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its 
own expense.  Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the 
Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any specific 
jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official 
interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without 
prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed "General" above.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION  
Authorisation  
1. 
By virtue of the faculties granted by Article 406 of the Spanish Companies Act, the update of the 
Programme was authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 26 April 2023. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes.  
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
2. 
Other than as described in section "Legal and Other Proceedings" on page 154 of this Base Prospectus, 
there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the Issuer or of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.  
Significant/Material Change 
3. 
Since 31 December 2022 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, and 
since 31 March 2023 there has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the 
Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Auditors 
4. 
The consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2021 were audited without qualification by KPMG Auditores, S.L., of Paseo de 
la Castellana, 259C, 28046 Madrid, Spain, current independent auditors of the Issuer who are members 
of the Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas, as stated in their report incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Documents on Display 
5. 
Copies of the following documents in electronic format (together with English translations thereof (if 
any)) may be inspected during normal business hours at the offices of the Fiscal Agent at 160 Queen 
Victoria Street, London EC4V 4LA, United Kingdom for 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
(a) 
the constitutive documents (Estatutos) of the Issuer; and 
(b) 
the information incorporated by reference herein under "Information Incorporated by Reference". 
The 
documents 
listed 
above 
are 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Banco 
Sabadell 
(www.grupbancsabadell.com), in particular on https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/en/corporate-
governance-and-remuneration-policy/articles-of-association-of-banco-sabadell.html# in respect of (a) 
above and on https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/en/shareholders-and-investors/economic-and-
financial-information.html 
or 
https://www.grupbancsabadell.com/corp/en/shareholders-and-
investors/fixed-income-investors.html in respect of (b) above. 
Material Contracts 
6. 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business 
which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material 
to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes. 
Clearing of the Notes 
7. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Notes 
of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  The relevant Final Terms shall specify any 
other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
Issue Price and Yield 
8. 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining 
the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. In the case of 
different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the 
period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the 
first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest 
payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the relevant Final Terms will be calculated as of the relevant 
issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
9. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, advisory 
coporate finance services, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies 
involved directly or indirectly in the sector in which the Group, the Issuer and/or its affiliates operate. 
The Dealers have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees, reimbursement of expenses, 
indemnification payments and commissions for these transactions. Certain of the Dealers may also have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer 
and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market 
risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers 
and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive 
allocations of the Notes (subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of 
the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, 
including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Banco de Sabadell, S.A. 
Avenida Óscar Esplá 37 
03007 Alicante 
Spain 
 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DEALERS  
Banco Sabadell, S.A. 
Avenida Óscar Esplá 37 
03007 Alicante  
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street  
Dublin 2 
D02 RF29 
Ireland 
 
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12  
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
J.P. Morgan SE  
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Natixis 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
Tour Est 
BP4 
75060 Paris Cedex 02 
France 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany  
 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris  
France 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LAUnited Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to English and Spanish law: 
Linklaters, S.L.P. 
Calle de Almagro 40 
28010 Madrid 
Spain 
To the Dealers 
as to English and Spanish law: 
Allen & Overy 
Serrano 73 
28006 Madrid 
Spain 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
KPMG Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 259C 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
 
LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch 
Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Grand Canal Dock, Dublin 2,  
Ireland