--- Page 1 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 1- 
47-41034364 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
BANCA POPOLARE DELL'ALTO ADIGE S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a società per azioni under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
EUR 1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
This document has been approved as a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") issued in compliance with 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or superseded, (the "Prospectus Regulation") by the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The CSSF only approves the Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Application has been made by Banca Popolare dell'Alto 
Adige S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige" or the "Issuer" or the "Company") for notes ("Notes") issued 
under the EUR 1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base 
Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to be listed on the official list and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes 
of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("EU MiFID II") (a "Regulated 
Market"). The Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. This Base Prospectus (as supplemented from time to time) is valid for 
a period of 12 months from the date of approval, and its expiry date is 1 June 2023. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
Under the Programme described in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer may from time to time issue senior preferred 
notes ("Senior Notes"), senior non-preferred notes ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes") and subordinated notes 
("Subordinated Notes"), subject, in each case, to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives, 
which may be governed by English law (the "English Law Notes") or by Italian law (the "Italian Law Notes" 
and together with the English Law Notes, the "Notes"). 
Interest amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such 
reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the "EU 
Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
The determination of the Interest Rate in respect of the Notes is determined by reference to EURIBOR which is 
provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"). As at the date of this Prospectus, the EMMI 
appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. The registration status of any 
administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and save where required by 
applicable law the Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of administrator. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Risk factors that may affect the 
abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors", beginning 
on page 20. 
As more fully set out in "Taxation", payments of interest, premium and other income on Notes qualifying as bonds 
(obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are subject in principle to a 26 per 
cent. substitutive tax referred to as the imposta sostitutiva, in certain circumstances. In order to obtain exemption 
from the imposta sostitutiva in respect of payments of interest, premium or other income relating to the Notes,

--- Page 2 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 2- 
47-41034364 
 
each Noteholder not resident in the Republic of Italy is generally required to certify that such Noteholder is eligible 
for the exemption, as more fully set out in the section "Taxation". 
Pursuant to the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes in bearer form denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige S.p.A., Natixis and UniCredit Bank and 
any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time (each a "Dealer" and together the 
"Dealers"). No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a minimum denomination of less than 
EUR 100,000 (or equivalent in another currency). The Senior Non-Preferred Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme will have a denomination of at least EUR 150,000 (or equivalent in another currency) and the 
Subordinated Notes that may be issued under the Programme will have a denomination of at least EUR 200,000 
(or equivalent in another currency). The aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme will not exceed EUR 1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described herein), subject to increase as described herein. The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic or 
financial opportuneness of the transaction or the quality and solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of 
Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities, which applies the 
Prospectus Regulation (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes 
is rated, the applicable ratings will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating 
applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"), or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
Joint Arrangers and Dealers 
BANCA POPOLARE DELL'ALTO ADIGE S.p.A. 
NATIXIS 
UNICREDIT 
1 June 2022

--- Page 3 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 3- 
47-41034364 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and 
declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts 
and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued either (i) pursuant to the Base Prospectus on the terms 
set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" (the "Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes") or "Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" 
(the "Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" and, together with the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes, the "Conditions") as completed by a document specific 
to such Tranche describing the final terms of the relevant Tranche (the "Final Terms") or (ii) 
in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") which may 
be constituted either (a) by a single document or (b) by a registration document and a securities 
note which relates to the relevant Tranche. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In relation to each Tranche of the Notes issued 
under the Programme, this Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Important – EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
Important – UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No

--- Page 4 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 4- 
47-41034364 
 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
EU MiFID Product Governance / Target Market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose of the product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for a Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of that Tranche, but otherwise neither the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR Product Governance / Target Market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any 
Dealer subscribing for a Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of that Tranche, but 
otherwise neither the Joint Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus must be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and 
with any information and all documents incorporated by reference herein (see "Documents 
Incorporated By Reference") and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, must be read and 
construed together with the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers named under "Subscription and Sale" below that this 
Base Prospectus (including, for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms) contains all 
information which is (in the context of the Programme, and the issue, the offering and sale of

--- Page 5 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 5- 
47-41034364 
 
the Notes) material; that such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is 
not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed 
herein are honestly held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that this Base 
Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, 
opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, and the issue, offering 
and sale of the Notes) not misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have 
been made to verify the foregoing. 
The Issuer confirms that any information from third party sources has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in 
relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information 
as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) have 
authorised the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility or 
liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme. Neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates (including parent 
companies) accept any responsibility for the acts or omissions of the Issuer or any other person 
in connection with the Programme and the issue and offering of the Notes. Neither the delivery 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, 
in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently amended or supplemented or, without prejudice to the Luxembourg 
Prospectus Law, that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to 
involve any adverse change, in the prospects or financial or trading position of the Issuer since 
the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, 
the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
ESG ratings 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine 
ESG ratings may differ.  The Issuer’s ESG ratings are not necessarily indicative of its current 
or future operating or financial performance, or any future ability to service the Notes and are 
only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued.  Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained in this 
Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision.  Furthermore, ESG ratings 
shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or 
hold the Notes.  Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory 
or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings.  For more 
information regarding the evaluation methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please

--- Page 6 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 6- 
47-41034364 
 
refer to the relevant ratings agency's website (which website does not form a part of, nor is 
incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus). 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery 
of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
"Subscription and Sale". In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") or with any securities 
regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or to U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (including parent companies) that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any 
Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made 
its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer. 
Programme limit 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed EUR 1,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated 
in a currency other than euro shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue 
such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined 
under "Subscription and Sale")). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which 
may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, or where the context requires otherwise, 
references to a "Member State" are references to a Member State of the European Economic 
Area, references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" or "dollars" are to United States dollars, references 
to "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 
974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended, references to "£" and 
"Sterling" are to the lawful currency for the time being of the United Kingdom and references 
to "billions" are to thousands of millions. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly 
and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them.

--- Page 7 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 7- 
47-41034364 
 
Suitability of the Notes as an investment 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in the 
light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the 
context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and 
the impact such investment will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes, including Notes, including Notes with principal or interest 
payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest 
payments is different from the currency in which such investor's financial activities 
are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do 
not purchase complex financial instruments as stand alone investments. They purchase 
complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should 
not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either 
alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will 
have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or 
after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on 
behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 8- 
47-41034364 
 
Market Information and Statistics 
Unless otherwise indicated, information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus 
regarding the market share of the Issuer are either derived from, or are based upon, the Issuer's 
analysis of data obtained from public sources. Although these sources are believed by the Issuer 
to be reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified such information. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus contains certain financial measures (including the Issuer's profitability 
ratios and risk ratios, as well as certain other financial highlights and alternative performance 
indicators contained in information incorporated by reference in this Prospectus) that the Issuer 
considers as constituting alternative performance measures ("APMs"), as defined by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority's Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures 
(ESMA/2015/1415).  
The following should be noted to ensure a proper interpretation of these APMs: 
APM 
Definition/reconciliation 
Cost to income ratio 
Ratio between (i) operating expenses and (ii) 
operating net income (calculated by reference to 
the reclassified income statement) 
ROA (net profit / total assets) 
Ratio between (i) net income and (ii) total assets 
amount 
Net non-performing loans / net loans to 
customers 
Ratio between (i) net non-performing loans and 
(ii) net loans to customers (taken from 
schedules to financial statements) 
Degree of non-performing loan hedging 
Ratio between (i) specific adjustments on non-
performing loans and (ii) gross amount of non-
performing loans to customers 
Texas ratio 
Net non-performing loans / Tangible equity 
The Issuer believes that the above APMs provide useful information to investors regarding the 
financial position and performance, allowing for comparison with similar measures published 
by other banks as well as average industry standards and better illustrating specific aspects and 
trends of the Issuer's business activity. 
The Issuer's audited non-consolidated annual financial statements as at 31 December 2021, 
including the auditors' report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles, have 
been subject to review by KPMG S.p.A. ("KPMG") in its capacity as independent auditor of 
the Issuer, as indicated in its report thereon. The APMs should be read together with the 
financial information included in the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements 
incorporated herein by reference. 
The financial statements incorporated by reference herein are English translations of the Italian 
financial statements prepared for and used in Italy and have been translated for the convenience

--- Page 9 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 9- 
47-41034364 
 
of international readers. The Issuer takes responsibility for the translation of the financial 
statements relating to it and incorporated by reference herein. 
KPMG has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent to the inclusion of its reports on the 
accounts of the in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included. 
Hyperlinks 
Any website or hyperlinks included in the Base Prospectus are for information purposes only 
and do not form part of the Base Prospectus, and have not been scrutinised or approved by the 
competent authority, unless that information is expressly incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 10- 
47-41034364 
 
CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
OVERVIEW ............................................................................................................................ 11 
RISK FACTORS ..................................................................................................................... 20 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................... 56 
FURTHER PROSPECTUSES AND SUPPLEMENTS .......................................................... 58 
FORMS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................................... 59 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES ........................................ 64 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES ....................................... 112 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................... 159 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................ 183 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM .................................................................................................................................... 184 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................ 188 
OVERVIEW FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER .................... 218 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................... 223 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................. 235 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................ 241

--- Page 11 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 11- 
47-41034364 
 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in 
its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of such 
Tranche and the applicable Final Terms. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of article 
25.1 of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Words and expressions defined in the Conditions below or elsewhere 
in this Prospectus have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer: 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Joint Arrangers: 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige S.p.A., Natixis and UniCredit 
Bank AG 
Dealers: 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige S.p.A., Natixis, UniCredit 
Bank AG and any other Dealer appointed from time to time 
by the Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme or 
in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
Fiscal Agent and Luxembourg 
Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch. 
Listing, Approval and 
Admission to Trading: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF, as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made for Notes to be admitted during 
the period of twelve months after the date hereof to listing on 
the official list and to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading (as the case may 
be) on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to each 
Series. Notes may also be issued which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, 
if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to EUR 1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding

--- Page 12 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 12- 
47-41034364 
 
at any one time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the 
Programme in accordance with the terms of the Dealer 
Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis 
and will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one 
or more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes 
of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, except 
that the issue date, the issue price and the amount of the first 
payment of interest may be different in respect of different 
Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to 
identical terms in all respects, save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations. 
Final Terms: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of Final Terms which, for 
the purposes of that Tranche only, completes the Conditions 
and this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction 
with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are the 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
 
In addition, where the Issuer agrees with any Dealer to issue 
Notes in a form not contemplated in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Form of Final Terms", a drawdown 
prospectus will be made available and will describe the effect 
of the agreement in relation to such Notes. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of 
Notes will initially be in the form of either a Temporary 
Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note 
which is specified in the relevant Final Terms as a Classic 
Global Note (each a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN") will 
be deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Global Note which is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as a New Global Note (each a "New 
Global Note" or "NGN") will be deposited on or around the 
relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. New Global Notes are 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility, such eligibility depending upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a 
condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest

--- Page 13 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 13- 
47-41034364 
 
in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a 
Talon for further Coupons. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro, U.S. dollars or Sterling 
or in any other currency or currencies, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be issued on a subordinated or unsubordinated 
basis, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
(i) 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
 
Senior Notes and any related Coupons constitute direct, 
general, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer which will rank at all times pari 
passu without preference among themselves and at least pari 
passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for any obligations 
ranking junior to the Senior Notes from time to time 
(including Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any further 
obligations permitted by law to rank junior to the Senior 
Notes following the Issue Date) if any. See Condition 4 
(Status of Senior Notes). 
 
(ii) 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Status of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes), Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any 
related 
Coupons 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of 
the Issuer, ranking (a) junior to Senior Notes and any other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which 
rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by 
provisions of law, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
(b) at least pari passu without any preferences among 
themselves 
and 
with 
all 
other 
present 
or 
future 
unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer 
which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank 
junior or senior to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
and (c) in priority to any subordinated instruments, any 
present or future claims ranking junior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and to the claims of shareholders of the 
Issuer, all as described in Condition 5 (Status of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) and the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 14- 
47-41034364 
 
 
(iii) 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 6 (Status of 
Subordinated Notes), Subordinated Notes and any related 
Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu and without 
any preference among themselves, all as described in 
Condition 6 (Status of Subordinated Notes) and the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or 
bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta 
Amministrativa) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of principal and interest under Subordinated 
Notes and Coupons will rank in right of payment (A) after 
unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and 
any holder of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
of the Issuer (B) but at least pari passu with all other 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or 
are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to 
such Series of Subordinated Notes and (C) in priority to the 
claims of shareholders of the Issuer, all as described in 
Condition 6 (Status of Subordinated Notes). 
Modification or Substitution of 
Subordinated Notes following a 
Regulatory Event or a Tax 
Event: 
If Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes for 
Regulatory Event or Tax Event is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms, the Issuer may without the consent of the 
holders of Subordinated Notes substitute new notes for the 
Subordinated Notes whereby such new notes shall replace the 
Subordinated Notes (in the case of English Law Notes only), 
or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes subject to 
Condition 
20(c) 
(Modification 
or 
Substitution 
of 
Subordinated Notes following a Regulatory Event or a Tax 
Event). 
Modification or Substitution of 
Senior Notes and Senior-Non 
Preferred Notes following an 
MREL Disqualification Event: 
If at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is 
continuing in relation to any Series of Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, and the applicable Final Terms for the 
Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of such Series 
specify that Modification or Substitution of Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes for MREL Disqualification 
Event is applicable, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any 
notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent 
required from, the Relevant Authority (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the 
relevant Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the 
holders of the Notes of that Series, at any time either 
substitute all (but not some only) of such Notes (in the case 
of English Law Notes only), or vary the terms of such Notes 
so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying 
Senior Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as

--- Page 15 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 15- 
47-41034364 
 
applicable, provided that such variation or substitution does 
not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the 
varied or substituted securities. 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, as applicable, are securities issued by the Issuer that, 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 26 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect 
to the Exercise of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially 
less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined 
by the Issuer) than the terms of the relevant Senior Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued 
under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Maturity Period: 
Any Maturity Period, subject, in relation to specific 
currencies, to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, unless otherwise 
permitted by the laws, regulations, directives and/or the 
Relevant Authority's requirements applicable to the issue of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes by the Issuer, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes shall have a maturity of not less than twelve 
months. 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, unless otherwise permitted 
by laws, regulations, directives and/or the Bank of Italy's 
requirements applicable to the issue of Subordinated Notes 
by the Issuer, Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
maturity of five years. 
 
Where Notes have a Maturity Period of less than one year and 
either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is 
carried on from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) 
be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 by the Issuer.

--- Page 16 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 16- 
47-41034364 
 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption 
or repayment, Notes are redeemable at par as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
The redemption at maturity of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes pursuant to Condition 13(a) (Scheduled 
redemption) and any early redemption pursuant to Condition 
13(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 13(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and Condition 13(i) 
(Issuer Call due to an MREL Disqualification Event) shall be 
subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to 
such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL 
Requirements 
at 
the 
relevant 
time 
(including any 
requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase 
due to the qualification of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements), and, in relation to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes only, by Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, and any 
relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for 
such purposes by any Relevant Authority at the relevant time. 
The redemption at maturity of Subordinated Notes pursuant 
to Condition 13(a) (Scheduled redemption) and any early 
redemption pursuant to Condition 13(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 13(c) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons) and Condition 13(d) (Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer) shall be subject to the prior approval of the 
Relevant Authority to the extent required by and in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. If such 
approval is not given on or prior to the relevant redemption 
date, the Issuer will re-apply to the Relevant Authority for its 
consent to such redemption as soon as the conditions permit. 
The Issuer will use its best endeavours to maintain the 
required regulatory capital and to obtain such approval. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or (where 
the Notes are Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
the Noteholders to the extent (if at all) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and subject to all relevant legal and 
regulatory requirements. In the case of Subordinated Notes, 
early redemption may occur only with the prior approval of 
the Relevant Authority. Any optional redemption of the 
Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be subject 
to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such 
redemption prescribed by the MREL Requirements at the 
relevant time. 
Tax or Regulatory Redemption: Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted, in case of Senior Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes for tax reasons, as described

--- Page 17 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 17- 
47-41034364 
 
in Condition 13(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) or if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, if an MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs, as described in Condition 13(i) 
(Issuer Call due to an MREL Disqualification Event) and in 
the case of Subordinated Notes, for tax reasons as described 
in Condition 13(b) (Redemption for tax reasons) or regulatory 
reasons, as described in Condition 13(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. 
Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate, 
or interest may initially accrue at a fixed rate and then switch 
to a floating rate, or interest may initially accrue at a floating 
rate and then switch to a fixed rate or otherwise. The method 
of calculating interest may vary between the issue date and 
the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and save that 
the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which would otherwise 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be EUR 100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other currency). 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a denomination of at 
least EUR 150,000 (or, where the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes are denominated in a Specified Currency other than 
Euro, the equivalent amount in such other Specified 
Currency) and Subordinated Notes will have a denomination 
of at least EUR 200,000 (or, where the Subordinated Notes 
are denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the 
equivalent amount in such other Specified Currency), or such 
other minimum denomination provided by applicable law 
from time to time. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear 
of withholding or deduction of Italian taxation, unless the 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 15 (Taxation)) 
pay such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders 
receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes had no such withholding or deduction 
been required.

--- Page 18 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 18- 
47-41034364 
 
 
However, as more fully set out in Condition 15 (Taxation), 
the Issuer will not be liable to pay any additional amounts to 
Noteholders with respect to any payment, withholding or 
deduction pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 
April 1996 ("Decree 239") on account of Italian substitute tax 
(imposta sostitutiva), as defined therein in relation to interest 
or premium payable on, or other income deriving from, any 
Notes. See "Taxation" below. 
Cross-Default: 
The Notes will not contain any cross-default provisions. 
Governing Law of the English 
Law Notes: 
English law, except for Conditions 4 (Status of Senior Notes), 
5 (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), 6 (Status of 
Subordinated Notes), 16 (Events of Default) and 26 
(Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the 
Exercise of Bail-in Powers) and any non-contractual 
obligations arising from or connected with those Conditions, 
which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Italian law. 
Governing Law of the Italian 
Law Notes: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Italian Law Notes, will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Enforcement of Notes in Global 
Form: 
In the case of Global Notes, individual investors' rights 
against the Issuer will be governed by a Deed of Covenant 
dated 1 June 2022 a copy of which will be available for 
inspection at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated 
or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to 
Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the 
applicable ratings will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by

--- Page 19 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 19- 
47-41034364 
 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation. 
 
The ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit 
rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation, which may be found on the following page: 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material 
in the United States of America, the European Economic 
Area, the United Kingdom, Italy, France and Japan, see 
"Subscription and Sale" below. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be distributed to 
qualified investors only according to Italian law No. 205 of 
27 December 2017 on the budget of the Italian government 
for 2018. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors" above and 
include risks relating to competition and other operating and 
general banking risks, such as credit risk and interest rate risk. 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme and include risks related to the 
structure of a particular issue of Notes and risks common to 
the Notes generally.

--- Page 20 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 20- 
47-41034364 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may 
not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such 
contingency occurring. In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons 
which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently 
available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere and 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and consider carefully whether an 
investment in the Notes is suitable for them in the light of the information in this Base 
Prospectus and their personal circumstances, based upon their own judgment and upon advice 
from such financial, legal, tax and other professional advisers as they deem necessary. 
Words and expressions defined in "Forms of the Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. Unless otherwise specified, the term "Terms 
and Conditions" shall refer to both the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and any reference to a "Condition" shall be 
to both a Condition under the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and a Condition 
under the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. Prospective investors should read 
the entire Base Prospectus. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. Risks relating to the Issuer's financial position; 
2. Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer; 
3. Risks relating to the internal control of the Issuer; and 
4. Risks relating to the political, environmental, social and governance of the Issuer 
 
 
1. Risks relating to the Issuer's financial position 
Competition in the Italian market 
Competition is intense in all of the Issuer's primary business areas in Italy. The Issuer derives 
nearly all of its banking income from its banking activities in Italy and in particular in Alto 
Adige where approximately 34 per cent. of its branches as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
are based, a mature market where competitive pressures have been increasing quickly and 
which is currently going through a process of consolidation, with large banking groups 
undergoing mergers and acquisitions to achieve greater economies of scale.  
The banking sector has also seen the emergence in recent years of alternative distribution 
channels for many of the products that the Issuer offers. Other factors which may affect

--- Page 21 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 21- 
47-41034364 
 
competition include consumer demand, technological changes and the regulatory framework. 
Furthermore, the worsening of the marcroeconomic conditions could add to the competitive 
pressure through, for example, increased pressure on lending margins, increases in the cost of 
funding or lower business volumes. Competitive pressures could result in increased pricing 
pressures on a number of the Issuer's products and services, particularly as competitors seek to 
win market share, and may harm its ability to maintain or increase profitability. 
Should the Issuer be unable to compete with its competitors and their services and products, or 
to actively and effectively respond to increasing competitive pressures, the Issuer may be 
adversely affected losing existing or potential business, market share or incur in losses which 
could materially affect its business or operations. 
Impact of events which are difficult to anticipate 
The Issuer's earnings and business are affected by general economic conditions, the 
performance of financial markets, interest rate levels, currency exchange rates, changes in laws 
and regulation, changes in the polices of central banks, particularly the Bank of Italy and the 
European Central Bank, and competitive factors, at a regional, national and international level. 
Each of these factors can change the level of demand for the Issuer's products and services, the 
credit quality of borrowers and counterparties, the interest rate margin of the Issuer between 
lending and borrowing costs and the value of the Issuer's investment and trading portfolios. 
In particular, Health and safety restrictions adopted in 2020 to contain the impact of the covid-
19 pandemic, including imposing mass quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, medical 
screenings, travel restrictions and limiting public gatherings, resulted and may continue to 
result in a severe decrease of global economic activity and decreases in production and demand, 
which led to sharp declines in the gross domestic product (GDP) of those countries which were 
most affected by the pandemic, mainly in Europe (including Italy), Latin America and the 
United States. Other consequences included increased unemployment levels, sharp decreases 
and high volatility in the stock markets, disruption of global supply chains, exchange rate 
volatility, steady customer draws on lines of credit, decline in real estate prices, and uncertainty 
in relation to the future impact in regional and global economies in the medium and long term. 
These measures also negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, businesses, 
market participants, the Issuer's counterparties and clients, and the global economy for a 
prolonged period of time. 
In 2021, high vaccination rates in many countries and a progressive relaxation of health and 
safety restrictions, together with the fiscal and monetary policy measures implemented, have 
contributed to an increase in employment levels and recovery of the global economy generally, 
with some variations across sectors and geographies. However, the pandemic remains dynamic 
and the emergence of variants resistant to existing vaccines remains uncertain. In addition, 
certain adverse consequences of the pandemic continue to impact the macroeconomic 
environment and may persist for some time, including labour shortages and disruptions of 
global supply chains, that are contributing to rising inflationary pressures. 
Changes in interest rates 
Fluctuations in interest rates in Italy influence the Issuer's financial performance. The results 
of the Issuer's banking operations are affected by the Issuer's management of interest rate 
sensitivity and, in particular, changes in market interest rates. A mismatch of interest-earning 
assets and interest-bearing liabilities in any given period, which tends to accompany changes

--- Page 22 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 22- 
47-41034364 
 
in interest rates, may have a material effect on the Issuer's financial condition or results of 
operations. 
Market declines and volatility 
The results of the Issuer are affected by general economic, financial and other business 
conditions. During a recession, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater 
number of the Issuer's customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate 
rises may also have an impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. The risk 
arising from the impact of the economy and business climate on the credit quality of the Issuer's 
borrowers and counter-parties can affect the overall credit quality and the recoverability of 
loans and amounts due from counterparties. 
Credit and market risk 
To the extent that any of the instruments and strategies used by the Issuer to hedge or otherwise 
manage its exposure to credit or market risk are not effective, the Issuer may not be able to 
mitigate effectively its risk exposure in particular market environments or against particular 
types of risk. The Issuer's trading revenues and interest rate risk are dependent upon its ability 
to identify properly, and mark to market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused 
by changes in market prices or interest rates. The Issuer's financial results also depend upon 
how effectively the Issuer determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own credit 
risk and market risk concentration. 
Protracted market declines and reduced liquidity in the markets 
In some of the Issuer's businesses, protracted adverse market movements, particularly the 
decline of asset prices, can reduce market activity and market liquidity. These developments 
can lead to material losses if the Issuer cannot close out deteriorating positions in a timely way. 
This may especially be the case for assets that did not enjoy a very liquid market to begin with. 
The value of assets that are not traded on stock exchanges or other public trading markets, such 
as derivatives contracts between banks, may be calculated by the Issuer using models other 
than publicly quoted prices. Monitoring the deterioration of the prices of assets like these is 
difficult and failure to do so effectively could lead to unanticipated losses. This in turn could 
adversely affect the Issuer's operation, results and financial condition. 
In addition, protracted or steep declines in the stock or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere 
may adversely affect the Issuer's securities trading activities and its asset management services, 
as well as the Issuer's investments in and sales of products linked to the performance of 
financial assets. 
Concentration risk 
Concentration risk is a risk deriving from credit exposure to the counterparties, groups of 
related counterparties, counterparties that operate in the same economic sector or which 
exercise the same activities. Concentration risk is measured in compliance with the provisions 
of Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 (Title III – Chapter 1 – Annex B) by the Granularity 
Adjustment (GA) method. Specific procedures were defined under the Internal Capital 
Adequacy Assessment Process (ICAAP) in compliance with applicable regulatory provisions 
in order to calculate geo-sector concentration risk, namely, the risk deriving from 
counterparties operating in the same sector or geographical area. Banca Popolare dell'Alto 
Adige has also established a defined system of limits that controls and steers the guidelines in

--- Page 23 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 23- 
47-41034364 
 
order to limit exposure to concentration risk in the Issuer's loan portfolio. The various forms of 
concentration risk are also monitored in the quarterly credit report, and discussed at the 
quarterly meetings of the internal credit committee of the Issuer. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer might be unable to meet its payment obligations when 
due or to fund increases in its assets. This risk is inherent in any retail and commercial banking 
business and can be heightened by a number of bank-specific factors, including over-reliance 
on a particular source of funding, changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as 
market dislocation. Liquidity risk mainly takes the form of inability of the Issuer to: 
• 
obtain funds on the market (funding liquidity risk); 
• 
obtain funds by selling assets on the market (asset liquidity risk). 
While the Issuer implements liquidity management processes in accordance with the 
instructions and operational guidelines contained in the liquidity and funding policy (which is 
continuously updated) and seeks to mitigate and control these risks, unforeseen systemic 
market factors make it difficult to eliminate completely these risks. Continued constraints in 
the supply of liquidity, including in inter-bank lending, have affected and may materially and 
adversely affect the cost of funding of the Issuer's business, and extreme liquidity constraints 
may affect its current operations and its ability to fulfil regulatory liquidity requirements, as 
well as limit growth possibilities. 
Historical Information 
The historical, financial and other information set out in the sections headed "Description of 
the Issuer" and "Overview Financial Information relating to the Issuer", and in the financial 
statements of the Issuer incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, represents the 
historical experience of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige. There can be no assurance that the 
future experience and performance of the Issuer will be similar to the past experience described 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Risk arising from the difficult market and economic conditions, instability in the European 
Union and potential deterioration of the sovereign debt crisis 
The performance of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige is influenced by the economic situation 
generally, the Eurozone and Italy, as well as by the dynamics of financial markets, in particular, 
by the stability and growth prospects of the geographical areas in which the Issuer operates. 
The capacity of the Issuer to generate income and the its solvency depend on such factors as 
investor expectations and confidence, levels and volatility of short and long-term interest rates, 
exchange rates and liquidity of financial markets, availability and cost of capital, sustainability 
of sovereign debt, household income and consumer spending, levels of unemployment, 
inflation and housing prices. Adverse changes in these factors, especially in the periods of 
economic and financial crisis, could result in losses for the Issuer as well as increases in 
financing costs and reductions in the value of assets held, all of which could have a negative 
effect on liquidity and capital solidity of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige. 
The current macroeconomic situation is characterised by significant uncertainties that relate to:

--- Page 24 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 24- 
47-41034364 
 
(a) 
developments related to the UK national referendum held on 23 June 2016 where the 
UK voted to leave the European Union (the "Brexit"). While the longer-term effects of 
the UK's withdrawal from the EU are difficult to assess, there is ongoing political and 
economic uncertainty, such as (i) increased friction with the EU and EU countries; (ii) 
the possibility of second referendum on Scottish independence from the UK; and (iii) 
instability in Northern Ireland derived from the UK proposal to replace the current 
Northern Ireland protocol agreed with the EU, which could negatively affect the Issuer's 
customers and counterparties and have a material adverse effect on the operations, 
financial condition and prospects of the Issuer; 
(b) 
trends of the real economy as regard to the prospects of recovery, dynamics of national 
economic growth and the stability of the economies in those countries (United States 
and China), which have shown a substantial growth in recent years; 
(c) 
future developments in the monetary policy of the ECB in the Eurozone and of the FED 
area in the dollar area, and in the policies implemented by various countries aimed at 
encouraging competitive devaluations of their currencies; 
(d) 
sustainability of sovereign debts in some countries and the tensions on financial markets; 
and 
(e) 
recent developments in relation to the invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation, 
on 24 February 2022, which generated an international armed conflict, triggering a 
further increment of the volatility of global markets resulting in dampening growth 
prospects as a consequence of the heavy repercussions of the conflict in the costs of 
energy and supply of raw materials. Furthermore, the effects of the conflict may extend 
to other parts of the economy and negatively affect the European markets and in 
particular, Italy's. The extent of these effects will depend on the evolution of the conflict, 
the impact of current sanctions and any additional measures taken against the Russian 
Federation. 
Negative developments in all or some only of the above factors may have an adverse effect on 
the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations. 
2. Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer 
Changes in the Italian and European regulatory framework could adversely affect the Issuer's 
business 
The Issuer is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB 
(the public authority responsible for regulating the Italian securities market), the European 
Central Bank and the European System of Central Banks. 
The banking laws to which the Issuer is subject govern the activities in which banks and 
foundations may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and 
limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial services laws 
that govern its marketing and selling practices. Any changes in how such regulations are 
applied may have a material effect on the Issuer's business and operations. 
As some of the banking laws and regulations affecting the Issuer have been recently adopted 
or are undergoing review, the manner in which those laws and related regulations are applied 
to the operations of financial institutions is still evolving. No assurance can be given that laws

--- Page 25 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 25- 
47-41034364 
 
and regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will not have an 
adverse effect on the business, financial conditions, cash flows or operational results of the 
Issuer. 
Evolving regulatory environment 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige's business is governed by Italian domestic and European Union 
legislation relating to the financial and banking sectors and is subject to extensive regulation 
and supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB (the public authority responsible for regulating 
the Italian securities market), the European Central Bank and the European System of Central 
Banks. 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige has as its corporate object, the raising of funds for investment 
and the provision of credit in its various forms. The banking laws to which Banca Popolare 
dell'Alto Adige is subject govern the activities in which banks may engage and are designed to 
maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, Banca 
Popolare dell'Alto Adige must comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing 
and selling practices. The regulatory framework governing the national, European and 
international financial markets has recently undergone significant changes, some of which are 
still ongoing, in response to the credit crisis, and new legislation and regulations have been, 
and are being, introduced in Italy and the European Union that affect, and will affect, the Issuer, 
including its capital requirements. In addition, regulators and supervisory authorities are 
increasingly taking a stricter approach to regulation and their enforcement may not be to the 
Issuer's benefit. The interpretation of regulations applicable to the Issuer by regulators may 
also be subject to changes which may be detrimental to the Issuer. Furthermore, a breach of 
any regulations by the Issuer could lead to the intervention of supervisory authorities and the 
Issuer could come under investigation and surveillance. The Issuer may also become subject 
to new regulations and guidelines that may require additional expenditures which may 
introduce additional strain on the Issuer. 
The Issuer is subject to the Capital Requirements Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 
or "CRR") and the Capital Requirements Directive (Directive 2013/36/EU or "CRD IV"), 
through which the European Union, as of 1 January 2014, began the implementation of the 
Basel III capital reforms. Basel III is a full set of reform measures to strengthen the regulation, 
supervision and risk management of the banking sector and is aimed at boosting the banking 
sector's ability to absorb impacts caused by financial and economic stress, improve risk 
management and corporate governance, and improve banking transparency and disclosures. 
The CRR, as complemented by several binding technical standards and guidelines issued by 
the European Banking Authority ("EBA"), is directly applicable in all EU Member States, 
without the need for national implementation measures either. 
The CRD IV was implemented in Italy by the Legislative Decree No. 72 of 12 May 2015 and 
the Bank of Italy supervisory regulations, as amended from time to time, ("Circular No. 285"), 
providing, inter alia, for additional national prudential rules governing matters not harmonised 
at the level of the European Union. Circular No. 285 has been subject to continuous review and 
update, the last of which occurred on 24 February 2022. 
Italian banks are at all times required to satisfy the following own funds requirements 
(calculated as a percentage of risk weighted assets): (i) a CET 1 capital ratio of 4.5 per cent.; 
(ii) a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 6 per cent.; and (iii) a Total Capital Ratio of 8 per cent. In addition 
to these minimum regulatory capital requirements, the CRD IV also introduced capital buffer 
requirements that must be met with CET1 capital, in particular:

--- Page 26 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 26- 
47-41034364 
 
(a) 
capital conservation buffer for unexpected losses, requiring additional CET1 of 2.5 per 
cent. of total weighted exposures; 
(b) 
institution-specific counter-cyclical capital buffer, requiring additional CET1 of up to 
2.5 per cent. of total weighted exposures and applied in the periods of excessive credit 
growth.  
(c) 
global systemically important institutions ("G-SIBs") buffer of between 1 per cent. and 
3.5 per cent. of CET1; 
(d) 
other systemically important institutions ("O-SII") buffer, which may be as much as 2 
per cent. of CET1; and 
(e) 
CET1 systemic risk buffer aimed at mitigating long term non-cyclical systemic or 
macro prudential risks.  
Article 104 of the CRD IV and Article 16 of Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 
October 2013 conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions (the "SSM Regulation") to carry out a supervisory 
review and evaluation process (the "SREP") at least on an annual basis. This may result in the 
imposition of additional capital requirements on the Issuer pursuant to the Pillar 2 requirement. 
Any failure by the Issuer to maintain its Pillar 1 minimum regulatory capital ratios and any 
Pillar 2 additional capital requirements could result in administrative actions or sanctions, 
which, in turn, may have a material adverse impact on the Issuer's results of operations. In 2016 
the so-called Pillar 2 guidance ("Pillar 2 guidance") was introduced by the EBA Guidelines. 
The capital demand resulting from SREP consists of two elements, namely (a) Pillar 2 
requirement, which is intended to cover risks underestimated or not covered by Pillar 1 
requirement, and (b) Pillar 2 guidance, which indicates to the banks the adequate level of capital 
to be maintained in order to have sufficient capital as a buffer to withstand stress situations. 
While Pillar 2 requirement is binding and breaches can have direct legal consequences for 
banks, Pillar 2 guidance is not and it shall not be used in the calculation of the Maximum 
Distributable Amount. However, ECB expects banks to comply with Pillar 2 guidance in 
addition to their binding capital requirements, as it serves as a buffer for banks to withstand 
stress. 
In addition to the above, the EBA published on 18 March 2022 its final report on the guidelines 
on common procedures and methodologies for the supervisory review and evaluation process 
("SREP Guidelines"). Under these guidelines, national supervisory authorities must set a 
composition requirement for the additional capital requirements to cover certain specified risks 
of at least 56.25% CET1 capital and at least 75% Tier 1 capital. The guidelines also contemplate 
that, in determining additional own funds requirements, competent authorities should reconcile 
the additional own funds requirements with any existing capital buffer requirements by 
addressing the same risks or elements of those risks. National supervisors should not set 
additional capital requirements or other capital measures, including Pillar 2 guidance, where 
the same risk is already covered by specific capital buffer requirements. Also, additional own 
funds requirements or other capital measures should not cover marcroprudential or systemic 
risk, but can cover the risks reflecting the impact of certain economic conditions and market 
developments on the risk profile of the individual institution. In this regard, under Article 141b 
of the CRD IV, which introduces restrictions on distributions in case of failure to meet the 
Leverage Ratio requirements, Member States of the EU must require that an institution that 
fails to meet the Leverage Ratio buffer requirement shall calculate the leverage ratio related 
maximum distributable amount ("L-MDA"), will be prohibited from paying any distribution

--- Page 27 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 27- 
47-41034364 
 
in connection with CET1, variable remuneration or discretionary pension benefits or payments 
on Additional Tier 1 capital instruments, until it calculates the L-MDA and communicates them 
to the regulator in accordance with Article 141b(8) of the CRD IV. 
In compliance with CRD IV and EBA SREP Guidelines, the Bank of Italy, as Italian competent 
authority, may require Italian institutions to hold own funds in excess of the requirements set 
out in the CRR.  
As of 1 January 2022, the Issuer is required to comply with the following capital requirements: 
(i) 
a CET1 capital ratio of 7.7 per cent. comprising a binding requirement of 5.20 per cent. 
(of which 4.50 per cent. as a minimum regulatory capital requirement and 0.70 per cent. 
as additional capital requirement determined by the SREP outcome) and, for the 
remaining part, as capital conservation buffer; 
(ii) 
a Tier 1 capital ratio of 9.44 per cent. comprising a binding requirement of 6.94 per 
cent. (of which 6 per cent. as a minimum regulatory requirement and 0.94 per cent. as 
additional capital requirement determined by the SREP outcome) and, for the remaining 
part, as capital conservation buffer; and 
(iii) 
a total capital ratio of 11.75 per cent., comprising a binding requirement of 9.25 per 
cent. (of which 8 per cent. as a minimum regulatory capital requirement and 1.25 per 
cent. as additional capital requirement determined by the SREP outcome) and, for the 
remaining part, as capital conservation buffer. 
Furthermore, the CRR includes a requirement for institutions to calculate the liquidity coverage 
ratio (the "LCR") with the aim to promote the short-term resilience of the liquidity risk profile 
of banks by ensuring they have sufficient high quality liquid assets to survive a significant 
stress scenario lasting 30 calendar days. In January 2013, the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision revised its original proposal in respect of the liquidity requirements in light of 
concerns raised by the banking industry, providing for a gradual phasing-in of the LCR as well 
as expanding the definition of high quality liquid assets to include lower quality corporate 
securities, equities and residential mortgage backed securities. Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 2014, supplementing the CRR with regard to liquidity 
coverage requirement for credit institutions, became applicable from 1 October 2015, although 
under a phase-in approach and it became fully applicable from 1 January 2018. On 30 October 
2018, Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/1620 amending Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/61 on LCR ("Delegated Regulation 2018/1620") was published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union. The Delegated Regulation 2018/1620, which supplements the 
CRR, sets out detailed requirements relating to the LCR, including the specification of those 
assets that should be considered high quality liquid assets ("HQLA") and the calculation of 
expected cash outflows and inflows over a 30-day stressed period. In particular, the Delegated 
Regulation 2018/1620 specifies that (i) the third country assets held by a subsidiary undertaking 
in a third country may be recognised as HQLA for consolidation purposes where they qualify 
as liquid assets under that third country's national law setting out the liquidity coverage 
requirement, and (ii) only simple, transparent and standardised ("STS") securitisations will 
qualify HQLA for the purposes of LCR.  
In October 2014, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision published the final net stable 
funding ratio ("NSFR") rules. The NSFR supplements the LCR and has a time horizon of one 
year and has been developed to provide a sustainable maturity structure of assets and liabilities. 
On 17 December 2015, EBA published its report recommending the introduction of the NSFR

--- Page 28 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 28- 
47-41034364 
 
in the European Union to ensure stable funding structures and outlining its impact assessment 
and proposed calibration, with the aim of complying with a 100 per cent. target NSFR 
implementation in 2018 in accordance with the Basel rules. On 20 May 2019, the Regulation 
2019/876 introduced a binding requirement of 100% as a minimum level for the NSFR. 
The NSFR is defined as the amount of stable funding available to an institution (ASF) relative 
to the required stable funding (RSF). 
The regulatory framework in which the Issuer operates is constantly evolving. The CRD IV 
and CRR have been amended in 2019 following adoption of a comprehensive reform package 
first announced by the European Commission in November 2016 (the "Banking Reform 
Package") by: 
• 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers 
and capital conservation measures (the "CRD V"); 
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, 
large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements (the "CRR II") 
The Government implemented the CRD IV with Legislative Decree No. 72 of 12 May 2015 
("Decree 72/2015"), which entered into force on 27 June 2015. Decree 72/2015 impacts, inter 
alia, on: 
• 
proposed acquirers of holdings in credit institutions, requirements for shareholders and 
members of the management body (Articles 23 and 91 of the CRD IV); 
• 
competent authorities' powers to intervene in cases of crisis management (Articles 64, 
65, 102 and 104 of the CRD IV); 
• 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (so called 
"whistleblowing", Article 71of the CRD IV); and 
• 
administrative penalties and measures (Article 65 of the CRD IV). 
These and any additional legislative or regulatory actions in Italy, the European Union or other 
countries, and any required changes to the Issuer's regulatory capital requirements and business 
operations resulting from such legislation and regulations, could limit the ability of the Issuer 
to pursue business opportunities in which they might otherwise consider engaging, affect the 
value of assets that the Issuer holds, require the Issuer to increase its prices and thereby 
reducing demand for its products, impose additional costs and/or more stringent capital 
requirements on the Issuer or otherwise adversely affect its businesses. Accordingly, the Issuer 
cannot provide assurance that any such new legislation or regulations would not have an 
adverse effect on their respective businesses, results of operations or financial condition in the 
future. 
The Issuer may also face increased compliance costs and limitations on its ability to pursue 
certain business opportunities. Changes in regulations, which are beyond its control, may have

--- Page 29 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 29- 
47-41034364 
 
a material effect on its businesses and operations. As some of the banking laws and regulations 
have been recently adopted, the manner in which those laws and related regulations are applied 
to the operations of financial institutions is still evolving. Moreover, no assurance can be given 
generally that laws or regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will 
not have material adverse effect on the Issuer's business. 
The Issuer is subject to the provisions of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the 
"Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") entered into force and Member 
States were expected to implement the majority of its provisions. 
The BRRD provides competent authorities with broad powers to deal with failing banks at 
national level, as well as cooperation arrangements to tackle cross-border banking failures. The 
BRRD sets out the rules for the resolution of banks and large investment firms in all EU 
Member States. Banks are required to prepare recovery plans to overcome financial distress. 
Authorities are also granted a set of powers to intervene in the operations of banks to avoid 
them failing. If banks do face failure, authorities are equipped with comprehensive powers and 
tools to restructure them, allocating losses to shareholders and creditors following a specified 
hierarchy. Resolution authorities have the powers to implement plans to resolve failing banks 
in a way that preserves their most critical functions and avoids taxpayer bail-outs. 
Broadly, the BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in 
combination where the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing 
or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures 
would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution 
action is in the public interest:  
(i) 
sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm 
or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms;  
(ii) 
bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the 
business of the firm to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that 
is wholly or partially in public control);  
(iii) 
asset separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or 
problem assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow 
them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale or 
orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); 
and  
(iv) 
bail-in - which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims 
of unsecured creditors (including, among others, the Senior Notes, the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes) of a failing institution and to convert 
certain unsecured debt claims (including, among others, the Senior Notes, the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) into shares or other 
instruments of ownership (i.e. other instruments that confer ownership, instruments 
that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other instruments of 
ownership, and instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of 
ownership) (the "general bail-in tool"). Such shares or other instruments of 
ownership could also be subject to any future application of the BRRD.

--- Page 30 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 30- 
47-41034364 
 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and 
exhausted the above resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent 
practicable whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public 
financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public 
equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support 
must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near 
future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are 
likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; or it requires extraordinary public 
financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the general bail-in tool and other resolution tools, the BRRD provides for 
resolution authorities to have the further power to permanently write-down, or convert into 
shares or other instruments of ownership, capital instruments such as the Subordinated Notes 
at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken ("non-viability loss 
absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of the Subordinated Notes upon any such 
conversion into equity may also be subject to any future application of the BRRD (including 
the general bail-in tool). 
For the purposes of the application of any non-viability loss absorption measure, the point of 
non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the 
institution meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or 
that the institution or, in certain circumstances, its group, will no longer be viable unless the 
relevant capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) are written-down/converted or 
extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate 
authority determines that the institution and/or, as appropriate, its group, would no longer be 
viable. 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or 
alter the maturity of certain debt instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) issued by an 
institution under resolution or amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, 
or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period. 
In addition, because (i) article 44(2) of the BRRD excludes certain liabilities from the 
application of the general bail-in tool and (ii) the BRRD provides, at Article 44(3), that the 
resolution authority may partially or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application 
of the general bail-in tool, the BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu ranking 
liabilities may be treated unequally. Accordingly, holders of a Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme may be subject to write-down/conversion upon an application of the general bail-
in tool while other Series of pari passu ranking Notes (or, in each case, other pari passu ranking 
liabilities) are partially or fully excluded from such application of the general bail-in tool. 
Further, although the BRRD provides a safeguard in respect of shareholders and creditors upon 
application of resolution tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that such protection is limited 
to the incurrence by shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a result of 
the application of the relevant tool than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal 
insolvency proceedings. It is therefore possible not only that, in circumstances in which Notes 
issued under the Programme have been partially or fully written-down/converted into equity 
capital instruments on an application of the general bail-in tool, the claims of other holders of 
junior or pari passu liabilities may have been excluded from the application of the general bail-

--- Page 31 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 31- 
47-41034364 
 
in tool and therefore the holders of such claims may receive a treatment which is more 
favourable than that received by holders of the relevant Notes, but also that the safeguard 
referred to above does not apply to ensure equal (or better) treatment compared to the holders 
of such fully or partially excluded claims because the safeguard is not intended to address such 
possible unequal treatment but rather to ensure that shareholders or creditors do not incur 
greater losses in a bail-in (or other application of a resolution tool) than they would have 
received in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
On 28 December 2017, Directive (EU) 2017/2399, amending the BRRD as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy (the "BRRD Amending Directive") 
entered into force. The BRRD Amending Directive requires Member States to create a new 
class of the so-called "senior non-preferred" debt instruments which would rank just below the 
most senior debt and other senior liabilities for the purposes of liquidation, while still being 
part of the senior unsecured debt category (only as a lower tier of senior debt) and that will be 
eligible to meet MREL and TLAC requirements. The new creditor hierarchy will not have a 
retroactive effect and will only apply to new issuances of bank debts. In this regard, the Italian 
Law No. 205/2017, approved by the Italian Parliament on 27 December 2017, contains the 
implementing provisions pertaining to "non-preferred" senior debt instruments. 
The BRRD requires all EU Member States to create a national, prefunded resolution fund, 
reaching a level of at least 1 per cent. of covered deposits by 31 December 2024. The national 
resolution fund for Italy was created in November 2015 and required both ordinary and 
extraordinary contributions to be made by Italian banks and investment firms, including the 
Issuer. In the Banking Union, the national resolution funds set up under the BRRD were 
replaced by the Single Resolution Fund ("SRF" or the "Fund"), set up under the control of the 
Single Resolution Board ("SRB" or the "Board"), as of 1 January 2016 and the national 
resolution funds will be pooled together gradually. The SRF is intended to ensure the 
availability of funding support while a bank is resolved and will contribute to resolution if at 
least 8 per cent. of the total liabilities (including own funds) of the bank have been subject to 
bail-in. Therefore, as of 2016, the SRB will calculate, in line with a Council Implementing 
Regulation (EU) No 2015/81, the annual contributions of all institutions authorised in the 
Member States participating in the Single Supervisory Mechanism and the Single Resolution 
Mechanism (the "SRM"). The SRF is to be built up over eight years, and will reach at least 1% 
of the amount of covered deposits of credit institutions in all twenty-one Banking Union 
countries. As if July 2021, the SRF stands at approximately Euro 52 billion. 
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet, at all times, robust minimum requirements of 
own funds and liabilities eligible for bail-in expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and 
own funds of the institution (i.e. "Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities" – "MREL"). MREL represents one of the key tools to improve banks' resolvability, 
allowing resolution authorities to maintain critical functions and restore a bank's capital 
position after resolution. This MREL requirement should ensure that shareholders and creditors 
bear losses regardless of which resolution tool is applied. The resolution authority, after 
consulting with the relevant competent authority, will set the MREL for the relevant institution 
based on the assessment criteria identified by the EBA in its regulatory technical standards 
(RTS), pursuant to Article 45. Article 7(1) of EBA final RTS on criteria for determining MREL 
requires resolution authorities to ensure that MREL is sufficient to allow the write down or 
conversion of an amount of own funds and qualifying eligible liabilities at least equal to the 
sum of the loss absorption amount and the recapitalisation amount, subject to certain 
considerations. The resolution authority has discretion to allow BRRD institutions to meet part 
of their MREL obligations through "contractual bail-in instruments". The BRRD does not 
foresee an absolute minimum, but attributes the competence to set a minimum amount for each

--- Page 32 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 32- 
47-41034364 
 
bank to national resolution authorities (for banks not being part of the Banking Union) or to 
the SRB for banks being part of the Banking Union. The EBA has issued final draft regulatory 
technical standards which further define the way in which resolution authorities/the SRB shall 
calculate MREL, as further implemented by European Commission adopted Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450, see below. 
On 23 May 2016, the European Commission adopted Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1450 supplementing BRRD that specifies the criteria, which further define the way in 
which resolution authorities/the SRB shall calculate MREL, as described in Article 45(6) of 
the BRRD, which entered into force on 23 September 2016. Article 8 of the aforementioned 
regulation provides that resolution authorities may determine an appropriate transitional period 
for the purposes of meeting the full MREL requirement. On 19 July 2016, the EBA launched 
a public consultation on its interim report on the implementation and design of the MREL. On 
23 November 2016, the European Commission presented the EU Banking Reform, which 
introduces a number of proposed amendments to the BRRD. In particular, it was proposed that 
the MREL – which should be expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount and 
of the leverage ratio exposure measure of the relevant institution – should be determined by 
the resolution authorities at an amount to allow banks to absorb losses expected in resolution 
and recapitalise the bank post-resolution. In addition, it was proposed that resolution authorities 
may require institutions to meet higher levels of MREL in order to cover losses in resolution 
that are higher than those expected under a standard resolution scenario and to ensure a 
sufficient market confidence in the entity post-resolution. It is currently envisaged that in the 
event of any shortfall of complying with the MREL requirement the competent resolution 
authority shall have the power to prohibit the institution from distributing more than the 
maximum distributable amount related to the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (so-called "M-MDA"). 
For banks which are not included in the list of G-SIBs, liabilities that satisfy the requirements 
set forth in the EU Banking Reform and do not qualify as CET1, Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments, 
shall qualify as eligible liabilities for the purpose of MREL, unless they fall into any of the 
categories of excluded liabilities. The SRB, together with the national resolution authorities 
("NRAs"), started to develop its MREL approach in 2016. The preliminary approach consisted 
of informative targets that sought to enable banks to prepare for their future MREL 
requirements. The SRB is further enhancing its gradual MREL multi-year policy, and in 2017 
introduced binding requirements and started to address both quantity and quality of MREL 
with bank specific features. During 2017, the SRB developed its MREL policy, starting to 
develop binding targets for major banking groups. Considering the need to address the 
specificities of the most complex groups in more detail, the SRB split the 2018 resolution 
planning cycle in two waves. The first started in January 2018 to allow the banks that did not 
have binding targets – for instance those with no presence outside the Banking Union – to be 
addressed first based on an MREL policy largely following the 2017 approach and published 
on 20 November 2018. For the second wave of resolution plans, covering the most complex 
banks, an enhanced MREL policy was published on 16 January 2019. 
In June 2019 the SRB published an update to its 2018 MREL policy in light of the publication 
of the Banking Package (CRR-II/CRD-V/BRRD-II/SRMR-II) in the Official Journal of the EU 
on 7 June 2019. This was followed by an overall updated MREL Policy under the Banking 
Package (BRRD-II/SRMR-II) published on 20 May 2020, which covers:  
(a) 
MREL requirements for Global Systemically Important institutions (G SIIs);

--- Page 33 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 33- 
47-41034364 
 
(b) 
changes to the calibration of MREL, including introducing MREL based on the 
leverage ratio;  
(c) 
changes to the quality of MREL (subordination);  
(d) 
dedicated rules for certain business models, such as cooperatives, and for resolution 
strategies, such as multiple point of entry (MPE);  
(e) 
Provisions on internal MREL;  
(f) 
Clarifications on third-country issuances; and  
(g) 
how these changes will be phased in. 
MREL decisions implementing the new framework were based on the MREL Policy under the 
Banking Package in the 2020 resolution planning cycle. The decisions were communicated to 
institutions in the beginning of 2021. These decisions replaced those issued under the previous 
legal framework. Each new decision will set out two binding MREL targets, including those 
for subordination: the binding intermediate target to be met by 1 January 2022 and the fully 
calibrated MREL (final target) to be met by 1 January 2024. 
On 7 June 2019, as part of the contemplated amendments to the BRRD, Single Resolution 
Mechanism and Single Resolution Fund Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014, Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms ("CRR") and Directive 2013/36/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms 
("CRD IV"), the following legislative texts have been published in the EU's Official Journal: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending the Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, 
financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, 
supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures (the "CRD V" 
and, together with BRRD II, SRM II Regulation, CRR II, the "BRRD II reforms"); 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, 
the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures 
to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 ("CRR II"); 
(iii) 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms 
and Directive 98/26/EC (the "BRRD II"); and 
(iv) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 with regards to the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms 
("SRM II Regulation"),

--- Page 34 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 34- 
47-41034364 
 
The BRRD II reforms introduced, among other things, the Total Loss-absorbing Capacity Term 
Sheet (the "TLAC standard") as implemented by the Financial Stability Board, by adapting 
the existing BRRD regime relating to the specific MREL. 
The new MREL regime is aligned with TLAC standard requirements in terms of calculation of 
loss absorption and recapitalisation amount. The eligible liabilities under MREL are 
determined according to the provisions concerning the eligible liabilities under TLAC standard. 
This requirement may therefore have an impact on the financial performance of the Issuer. 
Article 33(a) of BRRD II introduces a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary 
measure in an early stage and new suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use 
within the resolution period. Any suspension of activities can, as stated above, result in the 
partial or complete suspension of the performance of agreements (including any payment or 
delivery obligation) entered into by the respective credit institution. The exercise of any such 
power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the 
holders of securities issued by the Issuer, the price or value of their investment in any such 
security and/or the ability of the credit institution to satisfy its obligations under any such 
security. 
On 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on 
technical aspects of a new review of BRRD ("BRRD III"), the SRM Regulation ("SRM III"), 
and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on 
deposit guarantee schemes ("DGSD II"). This public consultation was open until 20 April 2021 
and split into two main sections: a section covering the general objectives of the review, and a 
section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders' experience with the current Covid-19 crisis 
and framework and the need for changes in the future framework, notably regarding (i) 
resolution, liquidation and other available measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of 
harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on the 'no creditor worse off' 
principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. Legislative proposals for BRRD III, SRM III and 
DGSD II are to be tabled during the fourth quarter of 2021. The European Commission 
launched a general public consultation on 25 February 2021, which was open until 20 May 
2021. 
The continuous implementation of these measures by the Issuer may have a considerable 
impact on its capital and on its assets and liabilities management as new regulations may restrict 
or limit the type or volume of transactions in which the Issuer participates. Further introduction 
of new regulation may require the Issuer to comply with new legal requirements and standards 
that are not predictable by the Issuer at this time, moreover, such adaptation may lead to the 
Issuer incurring in additional costs deriving from potential change, adaptation or renovation of 
the characteristics of its services and products, internal and external control structures and/or 
distribution mechanisms or facilities to comply with new potential regulations. The occurrence 
of these events may have a negative impact on the Issuer's business, performance and/or 
financial condition. 
Implementation of BRRD in Italy 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through adoption by the Italian Government of 
Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 and Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 (together, the "BRRD 
Decrees"). Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law which implements the 
provisions of BRRD relating to resolution actions, while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 
amends the Consolidated Banking Law, as amended and deals principally with recovery plans, 
early intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy.

--- Page 35 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 35- 
47-41034364 
 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the 
statutory rights of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting 
set-off by any creditor in the absence of an express agreement to the contrary. Since each holder 
of the Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior Notes, will have expressly 
waived any rights of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which 
they might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, it is clear that the statutory right of set-off 
otherwise available under Italian insolvency laws will – as a result of the express provisions 
contained in the Terms and Conditions - not apply. As the BRRD has only recently been 
implemented in Italy and other Member States, there is material uncertainty as to the effects of 
any application of it in practice. The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit 
institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights 
of creditors. Once the BRRD has been fully implemented, the holders of the Senior Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes may be subject to write-down/conversion 
into shares or other instruments of ownership on any application of the general bail-in tool and, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, to non-viability loss absorption, which may result in such 
holders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of any power under the BRRD or 
any suggestion or perceived suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely 
affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
Also, Legislative Decree No. 30 of 15 February 2016 (largely in force as of 9 March 2016) 
implemented in Italy the revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive in Italy (the "Decree 
No. 30"). The Decree amends the Consolidated Banking Act and: (i) establishes that the 
maximum deposit guaranteed amount is € 100,000, which has been harmonised by the Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive and is applicable to all deposit guarantee schemes; (ii) lays down 
the minimum financial budget that national guarantee schemes should have; (iii) details 
intervention methods of the national deposit guarantee schemes; and (iv) harmonises the 
methods of reimbursement to depositors in case of insolvency of a credit institution. 
Furthermore, on 20 April 2021, the Italian Parliament approved delegation law (Legge di 
delegazione europea) 2019-2020 (the BRRD II Delegation Law), which provides for the 
implementation of Directive (EU) 2019/87 ("BRRD I") in Italy and sets forth, under Article 
11, the principles for such implementation. Italian Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 
2021 was published on 30 November 2021 in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and transposed into the 
Italian legislation Article 48(7) of BRRD II under Article 91, paragraph 1-bis), letter c-ter) of 
the Italian Banking Act. Such provision states that (i) if an instrument is only partly recognised 
as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated in insolvency as a claim resulting 
from an own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an own 
funds item and (ii) if an instrument is fully disqualified as own funds item, it would cease to be 
treated as a claim resulting from an own funds item in insolvency. Consequently, the ranking 
of an instrument – previously recognised as own funds item – that is fully disqualified as own 
funds would improve with respect to any claim that results from an own funds item. 
The implementation of the BRRD or the taking of any resolution action, as well as the proposed 
amendments to the BRRD under the Banking Reform, could materially affect the value of the 
Notes. 
ECB guidance on NPL provisioning 
On 15 March 2018, the ECB published an addendum to its guidance to banks on non-
performing loans (NPLs) ("ECB Addendum"). The ECB published its original guidance to

--- Page 36 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 36- 
47-41034364 
 
banks on NPLs in March 2017 ("NPL Guidance"). The aim of NPL Guidance is to clarify 
supervisory expectations relating to the identification, management, measurement and write-
off of NPLs in the context of existing regulations, directives and guidelines. It stresses the 
importance of timely provisioning and write-off practices related to NPLs as these help to 
strengthen banks' balance sheets, enabling them to focus on their core business. The NPL 
Guidance calls on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies aimed at achieving a 
holistic approach to NPLs, which includes areas such as governance and risk management. 
The ECB Addendum supplements the NPL Guidance by setting out the ECB's supervisory 
expectations when assessing a bank's levels of prudential provisions for non-performing 
exposures (NPEs). The ECB will take into account, among other things, the length of time a 
loan has been non-performing as well as any collateral held and will adopt a gradual path 
towards the supervisory expectations. Therefore, the ECB will assess secured exposures in the 
context of the supervisory dialogue, taking into account a linear path starting from the third 
year after an exposure was classified as non-performing (when at least 40 per cent. provisioning 
will be expected). As regards new unsecured NPEs, the ECB Addendum states that the ECB's 
supervisory expectation is that such NPEs will be fully covered after two years of NPEs life. 
Taking into account the specificities of the supervisory expectations, banks will thus be asked 
to inform the ECB of any differences between their practices and the prudential provisioning 
expectations, as part of the SREP supervisory dialogue. 
The ECB's supervisory expectations set out what the ECB considers to be a prudent treatment 
of NPEs. Its aim is to avoid an excessive build-up of non-covered aged NPEs on banks' balance 
sheets in the future, which would require supervisory measures. Therefore, the ECB considers 
that prudent provisioning implies the continuation of booking accounting provisions in line 
with banks' assessments and existing accounting principles. Only in the event that the 
accounting treatment applied is considered not prudent from a supervisory perspective may 
supervisors determine adequate measures on a case-by-case basis. 
The ECB Addendum is not binding on banks (but serves as a basis for supervisory dialogue), 
does not substitute or supersede any applicable regulatory or accounting requirements and is 
complimentary to any future EU legislation, notwithstanding, the ECB expects banks to fully 
adhere to the guidance in line with the severity and scale of NPLs in their portfolios. This 
guidance is taken into consideration in the Single Resolution Mechanism regular supervisory 
review and evaluation process and non-compliance may trigger supervisory measures. 
As part of the comprehensive package of measures adopted by the European Commission in 
March 2018 to reduce NPLs in Europe, Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 17 April 2019 was adopted to introduce a 'statutory prudential backstop' 
in order to prevent the risk of under provisioning of future NPLs. This regulation requires banks 
to have sufficient loan loss coverage (i.e. common minimum coverage levels) for newly 
originated loans if these become non-performing exposures. In case a bank does not meet the 
applicable minimum coverage level, it has to deduct the shortfall from its own funds. The 
measures adopted by the European Commission to tackle NPLs also include a proposal for a 
directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the recovery of collateral. 
Moreover, starting from 2020, calendar provisioning is applied to the stock of banks' NPLs, 
gradually bringing it to a run off indicatively until 2026.  
On 20 March 2020 among the package of measures adopted in reaction to the covid-19 
outbreak, the ECB announced further measures introducing supervisory flexibility regarding 
the treatment of NPLs, in particular to allow banks to fully benefit from guarantees and

--- Page 37 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 37- 
47-41034364 
 
moratoriums put in place by public authorities to tackle the current distress. In light of that 
scenario, the EBA has also issued statements regarding the prudential framework in relation to 
the classification of loans in default, classification of exposures under the definition of 
forbearance or as defaulted under distressed restructuring, and their accounting treatment. In 
particular, the EBA has clarified that generalised payment delays due to legislative initiatives 
and addressed to all borrowers do not lead to any automatic classification in default, forborne 
or unlikeliness to pay (individual assessments of the likeliness to pay should be prioritised) and 
has clarified the requirements for public and private moratoria, which if fulfilled, are expected 
to help avoid the classification of exposures under the definition of forbearance or as defaulted 
under distressed restructuring. 
 
In addition, in March 2019, the EU Council adopted a directive which defines rules for how 
non-credit institutions can buy credit agreements from banks. The proposed directive removes 
obstacles to the transfer of NPLs from banks to non-credit institutions and tries to simplify the 
authorization requirements for credit services across the EU. 
Also at a country level, the Italian Government has acted to introduce two reforms that might 
have impact on the forthcoming NPLs market. In particular: 
• 
the reform of the Italian Bankruptcy Law, published on February 2019, introduced new 
requirements for business in order to timely identify and prevent financial crisis, with 
a specific timeline; 
• 
the Decree for Growth (Decreto Crescita), published on April 2019, introduced new 
measures that could be easily applicable to still active borrowers (often classified as 
UTP), such as public guarantees on lending to SMEs, public aid on new financing and 
new securitization rules. 
These recent changes to the legislative framework and other measures that may be introduced 
in the future could affect the NPL market by altering the methods and time frames for debt 
recoveries and enforcement proceedings in Italy and introducing new operating and capital 
requirements. While some of these changes will likely improve efficiency of the NPL market, 
others (such as the statutory prudential backstop) may impose more stringent requirements on 
NPL operators.  
 
3. Risks relating to the internal control of the Issuer 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is the risk of losses arising from errors or inadequate internal processes, human 
resources and systems or from external events. The Issuer, like all financial institutions, is 
exposed to many types of operational risk, including the risk of fraud by employees and 
outsiders, unauthorized transactions by employees or operational errors, including errors 
resulting from faulty information technology or telecommunication systems, cyber-attacks on 
the Issuer's information systems and digital infrastructures. The Issuer's systems and processes 
are designed to ensure that the operational risks associated with the Issuer's activities are 
appropriately monitored. Any failure or weakness in these systems, however, could adversely 
affect the Issuer's financial performance and business activities.

--- Page 38 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 38- 
47-41034364 
 
Reputational risk 
Reputational risk is the current or potential risk of a decline in earnings or capital arising from 
an adverse perception of the Issuer's customers, employees, counterparties, shareholders, 
investors or supervisory authorities, as a result of the Issuer's practices, business decisions, 
operational decisions and alignment in relation to climate change. 
 
4. Risks relating to the political, environmental, social and governance of the Issuer 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks, armed conflicts and similar events 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks, armed conflicts and similar events, as well as the 
responses thereto, may create economic and political uncertainties, which could have a 
negative impact on economic conditions in the regions in which the Issuer operates and, more 
specifically, on the business and results of the Issuer in ways that cannot be predicted. 
Climate change risks 
Climate change and related environmental stability and their potential impacts are prone to 
create significant risks in the financial markets, to the global and to regional economies. 
Climate change may encompass two main categories of risks: 
• 
Physical risks: encompass the risks of damage to assets, operations, businesses and 
people due to extreme and acute events such as droughts, wildfires, floods and 
hurricanes, as well as longer-term climatic changes, such as rising sea level. Such 
damages could result in financial losses that could impair asset values and the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and could disrupt the Issuer's operations or those of its 
customers on which the Issuer relies and does business with. Furthermore, these risks 
encompass the indirect costs that the Issuer may incur when adapting to these 
circumstances, including augments in the cost of capital; 
• 
Transition risks: relate to the Issuer's response to climate change and the consequent 
net-zero transition stipulated by the Paris Agreement. These risks encompass political 
risks, technological risks, market risks, liability risks and reputational risks, which 
could increase the Issuer's expenses and impact its strategies.  
Any of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer. 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE NOTES 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. Risks related to the trading market for the Notes; 
2. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
3. Risks related to Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
4. Risks related to Subordinated Notes; 
5. Risks related to the Notes generally;  
6. Risks related to the market generally.

--- Page 39 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 39- 
47-41034364 
 
1. Risks related to the trading market for the Notes 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed 
and for which there is no currently active trading market (unless in the case of any particular 
Tranche, such Tranche is to be consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of 
Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may 
trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the 
market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the 
Issuer. Although applications have been made to the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance 
du Secteur Financier ("CSSF") for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to the 
Official List and trading on its regulated market, there is no assurance that such applications 
will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active 
trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development or 
liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
2. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a 
description of the most common features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior 
to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of 
borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally 
would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as 
the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any 
Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in 
accordance with the Conditions. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as that of 
the relevant Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate 
and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be lower 
than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant 
redemption date. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at the time.

--- Page 40 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 40- 
47-41034364 
 
Redemption for regulatory reasons 
In addition, the Issuer may also, at its option, redeem Subordinated Notes following a 
Regulatory Event in accordance with Condition 13(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons). 
Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes shall be subject to the prior approval of the Relevant 
Authority, as further set out in Condition 13(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes). 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rates or other types of rates 
and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and 
international regulatory discussions and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input 
data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks 
Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on 
any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could 
(amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of the 
international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of 
quotes of certain "benchmarks". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank 
announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and 
adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current 
benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 
September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-
term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the 
first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to 
comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long 
it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR 
or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Conditions (as further described in Condition 10 (Benchmark 
Replacement-Independent Adviser)), or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Notes 
linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to

--- Page 41 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 41- 
47-41034364 
 
EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to 
the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates 
and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during 
the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for 
securities (including the Notes) based on the same benchmark. 
The "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" set out below provide for certain fallback 
arrangements in the event that a published benchmark (including any page on which such 
benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark 
Event or a Benchmark Transition Event (each as defined in the Conditions), as applicable, 
otherwise occurs. Such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date for a 
Series of Notes. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest 
could be set by reference to a reference bond rate, a successor rate or an alternative reference 
rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the 
relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based 
on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the 
uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and 
the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback 
provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting 
or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes or could have a material adverse 
effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or 
Reset Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision 
with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
CMS Linked Interest Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to the CMS Rate which 
determine the amount of interest (a "relevant factor"). Potential investors should be aware 
that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
the relevant factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(iv) 
if the relevant factor is applied to the Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than 
one or contains any other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the relevant factor on 
interest payable is likely to be magnified; and 
(v) 
the timing of changes in the relevant factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even 
if the average level is consistent with their expectations.

--- Page 42 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 42- 
47-41034364 
 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risks that substantial changes in market interest 
rates adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or 
other similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for 
securities that do not include those features. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from 
a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to 
convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes 
since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall 
cost of borrowing.  
If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes 
tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than 
the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate 
may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially earn interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the 
Reset Date (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, the first Reset Date). On the first Reset 
Date and on each subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the 
sum of the applicable Reset Reference Rate and the applicable Reset Margin (the "Reset 
Rate"), which could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Reset Rate for prior Reset 
Periods, and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Italian Law Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes are governed by Italian law and Condition 
25 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes 
provides that contractual and non-contractual obligations arising out or in connection with them 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian Law, pursuant to EU and 
Italian private international law provisions as applicable from time to time. Article 59 of Law 
No. 218 of 31 May 1995 (the "Italian Private International Law") provides that other debt 
securities (titoli di credito) are governed by the law of the State in which the security was 
issued. The Temporary Global Notes or the Permanent Global Notes, whether issued in CGN

--- Page 43 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 43- 
47-41034364 
 
or NGN form, as the case may be, representing the Italian Law Notes are signed by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom and are, thereafter, delivered to BNP Paribas Securities Services, 
Luxembourg Branch as initial Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent, being the entity in charge of, 
inter alia, completing, authenticating and delivering the Temporary Global Note and Permanent 
Global Notes and (if required) authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes. 
The Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and the laws applicable to their transfer 
and circulation for any prospective investors in the Italian Law Notes and any disputes which 
may arise in relation to, inter alia, the transfer of ownership in the Italian Law Notes on the 
basis of the above-mentioned provisions of Italian Private International Law and the relevant 
applicable European legislation. 
3. Risks Relating to Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The qualification of the Senior Notes as MREL eligible liabilities is subject to uncertainty 
Senior Notes are intended to be MREL eligible liabilities under the MREL Requirements. 
However, as the EU Banking Reform has only recently come into force, there may be 
uncertainty regarding the interpretation of the MREL Requirements, and the Issuer cannot 
provide any assurance that the Senior Notes will be or remain MREL eligible liabilities. 
Because of the uncertainty surrounding any potential changes to the regulations giving effect 
to MREL, the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Notes will ultimately be 
MREL eligible liabilities. If they are not MREL eligible liabilities (or if they initially are MREL 
eligible liabilities and subsequently become ineligible due to a change MREL Requirements), 
then an MREL Disqualification Event will occur, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Please refer to the risk factor "Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be subject 
to an MREL Disqualification Event redemption", below. 
Italian law applicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes was enacted 
On 1 January 2018, the 2018 Budget Law came into force introducing certain amendments to 
the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the "Consolidated Banking Law"), 
including the possibility for banks and companies belonging to banking groups to issue senior 
non-preferred securities (the so-called "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello"). 
In particular, the 2018 Budget Law sets forth certain requirements for notes to qualify as senior 
non-preferred securities: 
(i) 
the original maturity period is at least equal to twelve months; 
(ii) 
are not derivative securities or linked to derivative securities, nor include any feature of 
such derivative securities; 
(iii) 
may be offered only to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as referred to in 
article 100, letter a), of the Financial Services Act as implemented by article 34-ter, 
first paragraph, letter b) of Regulation No. 11971/1999 and article 26, paragraph 1(d) 
of CONSOB Regulation No. 16190 of 29 October 2007 (as amended by CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018); 
(iv) 
the prospectus and the agreements regulating the issuance of senior non-preferred 
securities expressly provide that payment of interests and reimbursement of principal

--- Page 44 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 44- 
47-41034364 
 
due in respect thereof are subject to the provisions set forth in of Article 91, section 1-
bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law. 
According to Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021, which introduced certain 
amendments to the Consolidated Banking Law, in particular, introduced Article 12-ter, the 
minimum denomination of senior non-preferred securities issued by banking institutions is at 
least equal to Euro 150,00 (or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law 
from time to time). 
According to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, in case 
an issuer of senior non-preferred securities is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione 
coatta amministrativa), the relevant payment obligations in respect thereof will rank in right 
of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors), (B) at least pari passu 
with all other present and future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations which do not 
rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such senior non-preferred 
securities and (C) in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such senior non-
preferred securities and the claims of the shareholders. 
Furthermore, Article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law also provides that: 
(A) 
the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Lawshall apply to such senior non-preferred securities only to the extent that 
the requirements described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (v) above have been complied 
with; any contractual provision which does not comply with any of the above 
requirements is invalid but such invalidity does not imply the invalidity of the entire 
agreement; 
(B) 
the senior non-preferred securities, once issued, may not be amended in a manner that 
the requirements described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (v) above are not complied with 
and that any different contractual provision is null and void; and 
(C) 
the Bank of Italy may enact further regulation providing for additional requirements in 
respect of the issuance and the characteristics of senior non-preferred securities. 
Any prospective investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should be aware that the provisions 
of Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law was 
recently enacted and that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the 
application of such provisions has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or 
regulatory authority and no regulation has been issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. 
Consequently, it is possible that any regulation or official interpretation relating to the above 
will be issued in the future by the Bank of Italy or any different authority, the impact of which 
cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations 
In order to be eligible to meet the requirements and conditions of Articles 12-bis and 91, section 
1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant implementing regulation 
which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible 
liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions), Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms,

--- Page 45 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 45- 
47-41034364 
 
senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. As a result, the default risk on the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will be higher than the risk associated with preferred senior debt (such as 
Senior Notes) and other senior liabilities (such as wholesale deposits) of the Issuer. 
The Issuer's obligations in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer and will 
rank at all times pari passu without any preference among themselves. In the event of a winding 
up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta 
Amministrativa) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under each Series of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be, will rank in right of payment 
(i) junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by provision of law, senior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and (ii) at least pari passu without any preferences among 
themselves, and with all other present or future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations 
of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to 
the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (iii) in priority to any subordinated instruments, 
to any present or future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of 
the Consolidated Banking Law, as amended from time to time, and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior 
Notes which are not issued on a senior non-preferred basis, there is a greater risk that an 
investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer 
become subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa). Thus, such 
holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes face an increased performance risk compared to holders 
of Senior Preferred Notes. 
If a judgement is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the 
Issuer, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be subordinated to the payment in full of the senior 
preferred creditors of the Issuer and any other creditors that are senior to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. In the event of incomplete payment of senior preferred creditors and other 
creditors ranking ahead of the claims of the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
obligations of the Issuer in connection with the principal of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will be terminated. The Noteholders shall be responsible for taking all steps necessary for the 
orderly accomplishment of any collective proceedings or voluntary liquidation in relation to 
any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain 
investors 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are novel and complex financial instruments and may not be a 
suitable investment for certain investors. Each potential investor in the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes should determine the suitability of such investment in light of its own circumstances and 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear the risks of an investment in the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, including the possibility that the entire principal amount of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes could be lost. A potential investor should not invest in the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes unless it has the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a financial 
advisor) to evaluate how the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the market value of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and 
the impact of this investment on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 46 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 46- 
47-41034364 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are new types of instruments 
Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the 
risks associated with senior non-preferred obligations. Accordingly, there is no trading history 
for securities with such ranking. The credit ratings assigned to senior non-preferred securities 
such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their 
approaches, and the value of such securities may be particularly volatile as the market becomes 
more familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings and value of senior 
non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be lower than those 
expected by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If so, investors 
may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Qualification of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello" 
The intention of the Issuer is for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as "strumenti 
di debito chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 
12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority 
and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in 
the Conditions). Current regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy (acting as lead regulator) does 
not require (or customarily provide) a confirmation prior to the issuance of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will comply with such provisions. 
Although it is Issuer's expectation that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify as "strumenti di 
debito chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-
bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority 
and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in 
the Conditions) there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the life 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be subject to an MREL Disqualification 
Event redemption 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be eligible liabilities available to 
meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions). However, the Issuer cannot 
provide any assurance that the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be or remain 
eligible for the purposes of the MREL Requirements. Any future changes to MREL may be 
more restrictive and may result in the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes that qualify 
as eligible liabilities for the purposes of the MREL Requirements upon issue, ceasing to so 
qualify following the issue date. 
If Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are not eligible for the purposes of the MREL 
Requirements (or if they initially are compliant with the MREL Requirements and 
subsequently become ineligible due to a change in the relevant final regulations implementing 
the MREL Requirements), then an MREL Disqualification Event will occur. 
In this respect, if at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in 
relation to any Series of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the applicable Final 
Terms for the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of such Series specify that Issuer 
Call due to an MREL Disqualification Event is applicable, the Issuer may redeem all, but not

--- Page 47 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 47- 
47-41034364 
 
part only, of the Notes of such Series at the price set out in the applicable Final Terms together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Senior Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject to (to the extent 
that the Relevant Authority so requires at the time of the proposed redemption) the Issuer 
having given such notice to the Relevant Authority as the Relevant Authority may then require 
prior to such redemption and no objection thereto has been raised by the Relevant Authority or 
(if required) the Relevant Authority has provided its consent thereto and any other requirements 
of the Relevant Authority applicable (if any) to such redemption at the time have been complied 
with by the Issuer (including with respect to Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter 
c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, and any relevant implementing regulation which may 
be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority at the relevant time). An MREL 
Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, by reason of a change in the MREL 
Requirements as implemented in Italian law and regulations and/or EU regulations, as the case 
may be, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Senior 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount 
of such Series of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are or will be excluded fully or 
partially from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements.  
If the Senior Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no 
assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a 
rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Senior Notes or the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. In addition, the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event 
could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. 
Early redemption and repurchase of the Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be 
restricted 
Any early redemption or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject 
to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time, including any requirements 
applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements. 
In addition, under the EU Banking Reform, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority. 
The EU Banking Reform states that the Relevant Authority would approve an early redemption 
of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with Article 78a of the 
CRR in the event either of the following conditions is met: 
• 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Senior Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes with Own Funds 
Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that 
are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
• 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own 
Funds and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down 
in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority 
considers necessary; or

--- Page 48 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 48- 
47-41034364 
 
• 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial 
or full replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary 
to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations for continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time 
to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations.  
The Relevant Authority shall consult with the Relevant Resolution Authority before granting 
that permission. See "Evolving regulatory environment" for information on the EU Banking 
Reform. 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be subject to substitution and modification 
without Noteholder consent 
If (i) at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any 
Series of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the applicable Final Terms for the 
Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of such Series specify that Issuer Call due to an 
MREL Disqualification Event is applicable, or (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 26 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise 
of Bail-in Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, 
and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of 
that Series), at any time (i) in the case of English Law Notes, either substitute all (but not some 
only) of such Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or vary the terms of such Senior 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as defined below), or (ii) 
in the case of Italian Law Notes, vary the terms of such Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as defined below), provided that such variation or substitution 
does not of itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted 
securities. 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, are 
securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 26 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in 
Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Senior Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
as applicable. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will 
negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences 
of holding such substituted or varied notes could be different for some categories of 
Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes prior to 
such substitution or variation. 
4. Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
Ranking of Subordinated Notes 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, it will be required to pay the 
holders of senior debt (including the holders of Senior Note and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
and meet its obligations to all its other creditors (including unsecured creditors) in full before 
it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have

--- Page 49 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 49- 
47-41034364 
 
enough assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under the Subordinated 
Notes. Furthermore, repayment of principal on the Subordinated Notes, whether at the Maturity 
Date or otherwise, is subject to the approval of the Relevant Authority in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will 
rank junior in priority to the claims of unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including 
depositors and any holder of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer and 
any other subordinated obligations which rank or are expressed to rank senior to the 
Subordinated Notes. Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than 
comparable notes which are not subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in 
Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 implementing Directive 879/2019/EU 
("BRRD II") in Italy and published on 30 November 2021 in the Gazzetta Ufficiale has 
transposed the Italian legislation Article 48(7) of BRRD II under Article 91, paragraph 1-bis), 
letter c-ter) of the Consolidated Banking Law. Such provisions state that (i) if an instrument is 
only partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated in 
insolvency as a claim resulting from an own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim 
that does not result from an own funds item and (ii) if an instrument is fully disqualified as own 
funds item, it would cease to be treated as a claim resulting from an own funds item in 
insolvency and, consequently, would improve their ranking with respect to any claim that 
results from an own funds item (such as the Subordinated Notes).  
In light of this new provision, if certain Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer were to be disqualified 
in full as own funds items in the future, their ranking would improve vis-à-vis the rest of the 
Tier 2 Instruments and, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer 
would, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise 
from liabilities that no longer fully or partially qualify as an own funds instrument, in full before 
it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes.  
In light of this new provision, if the Subordinated Notes were to be disqualified in full as own 
funds items in the future: (a) their ranking would improve vis-à-vis the rest of the Tier 2 
instruments; and (b) in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, 
inter alia, be required to pay the holders of the Notes and any other subordinated creditors of 
the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that are no longer fully recognised as an own 
funds instrument, in full before it can make any payments on any other Tier 2 instruments 
which are still recognised (at least in part) as own funds instruments. 
Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
If any Subordinated Notes are issued under the Programme, the Issuer's intention is that they 
should qualify on issue as Tier 2 Capital, for so long as this is permitted under Bank of Italy 
regulations. Current regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy does not require (or customarily 
provide for) a confirmation prior to the issuance of Subordinated Notes that the Notes will be 
treated as such. There can be no assurance that any such Subordinated Notes will continue to 
qualify as Tier 2 Capital during the life of the Notes. If there is a change in the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion, in 
whole or, to the extent permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer, the Issuer will (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) have the 
right to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 13(c) (Redemption and Purchase - 
Redemption for regulatory reasons), subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority.

--- Page 50 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 50- 
47-41034364 
 
There can be no assurance that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts 
received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investments 
in the relevant Notes, as the case may be. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-
in-tool or at the point of non-viability of the Issuer 
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD contemplates 
that Subordinated Notes may be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at 
the point of non-viability. The BRRD is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in 
relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing. The 
implementation of the BRRD or the taking of any action under it could materially affect the 
value of any Subordinated Notes. Additionally, there may be material tax consequences for 
holders of Subordinated Notes as a result of such write-down or conversion, and holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Early Redemption of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
The rules under the CRR prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the 
Relevant Authority to a request by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes. 
In this respect, the CRR provides that the Relevant Authority shall grant permission to a 
redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Article 78 of the CRR 
provided that either of the following conditions is met, as applicable to the Notes: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the capital requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary. 
In addition, the rules under the CRR provide that the Relevant Authority may only permit the 
Issuer to redeem the Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date of the Notes if 
and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the related implementing 
regulations, policies and guidelines: 
• 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
• 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 13(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change 
in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or 
• 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 13(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change 
in the regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as of the 
Issue Date; or 
• 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer replaces 
the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are

--- Page 51 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 51- 
47-41034364 
 
sustainable for its income capacity and the Relevant Authority has permitted that action 
on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of 
view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
• 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject, in any event, to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time 
to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to substitution and modification without Noteholder 
consent 
If (i) at any time a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any 
Series of Subordinated Notes, and the applicable Final Terms for the Subordinated Notes of 
such Series specify that Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes for Regulatory 
Event/Tax Event is applicable, or (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 26 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in 
Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving 
any consent required from, the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of the Subordinated Notes of that Series), at any time (i) in the case of 
English Law Notes, either substitute all (but not some only) of such Subordinated Notes, or 
vary the terms of such Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes (as defined below), or (ii) in the case of Italian Law Notes, vary 
the terms of such Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes (as defined below), provided that such variation or substitution 
does not of itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted 
securities.  
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of 
the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with 
Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to the 
Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Subordinated Notes, 
as applicable. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will 
negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences 
of holding such substituted or varied notes could be different for some categories of 
Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes prior to 
such substitution or variation.  
5. Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Resolution Powers and contractual recognition of the BRRD 
Under the BRRD framework the Relevant Authorities have the power to apply "resolution" 
tools if the Issuer is failing or likely to fail, as an alternative to compulsory liquidation 
proceedings. Specifically, these tools are: (1) the sale of business assets or shares of the Issuer; 
(2) the establishment of a bridging institution; (3) the separation of the unimpaired assets of 
the Issuer from those which are deteriorated or impaired; and (4) a bail-in, through write-
down/conversion into equity of regulatory capital instruments (including the Subordinated 
Notes) as well as other liabilities of the Issuer (including the Senior Notes and the Senior Non-

--- Page 52 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 52- 
47-41034364 
 
Preferred Notes) if the relevant conditions are satisfied and in accordance with the creditors' 
hierarchy provided under the relevant provisions of Italian law. 
In particular, by its acquisition of a Note (whether on issuance or in the secondary market), 
each holder of the Notes acknowledges, accepts, agrees to be bound by and consents to the 
exercise of any resolution power by a Relevant Authority that may result in the cancellation of 
all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes and/or the conversion of 
all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes into equity or other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation 
to the terms of the Notes, to give effect to the exercise by a Relevant Authority of such 
resolution power. Each holder of the Notes acknowledges, accepts and agrees that its rights as 
a holder of the Notes are subject to, and will be varied, if necessary, so as to give effect to, the 
exercise of any such power by any Relevant Authority. The exercise of the resolution power 
by the Relevant Authority will not constitute an event of default under the Notes. See Condition 
26 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Powers).  
The exercise of any resolution power, which could result in the Notes being written down or 
converted into equity pursuant to such statutory measures, or any suggestion of such exercise 
could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of 
their investment in the Notes, the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes, 
and may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default, being events upon which the Noteholders may declare the Notes to be 
immediately due and payable, are limited to circumstances in which the Issuer becomes subject 
to winding up, liquidation or dissolution or any event which under the laws of Italy has an 
analogous effect. Accordingly, other than following the occurrence of an Event of Default, 
even if the Issuer fails to meet any of its obligations under the Notes, including the payment of 
any interest, or in case of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority, the 
Noteholders will not have the right of acceleration of principal and the sole remedy available 
to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the 
institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer 
will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums 
sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
Waiver of set-off 
The holder of a Note will unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right of set-off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws 
of any jurisdiction in respect of such Note. 
Taxation 
The tax regime in Italy and in any other relevant jurisdiction (including, without limitation, the 
jurisdiction in which each Noteholder is resident for tax purposes) may be relevant to the 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and the receiving of payments of interest, principal 
and/or other income under the Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their 
own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant and the consequences of 
such actions under the tax laws of those countries.

--- Page 53 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 53- 
47-41034364 
 
Change of law 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, other than subordination and certain other provisions relating to the Notes, which 
are based on Italian law. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to English law (or Italian law) or administrative practice after the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with 
the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such 
Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global 
Note, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the 
Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes are 
represented by one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations 
under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of 
a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or 
liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes. Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to 
vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the 
extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate 
proxies. 
Delisting of the Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official 
list and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
Notes issued under the Programme may also be admitted to trading, listing and/or quotation by 
any other listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system (each, a "listing"), as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Such Notes may subsequently be delisted despite the best efforts 
of the Issuer to maintain such listing and, although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of 
the Notes as a result of listing, any delisting of the Notes may have a material effect on a 
Noteholder's ability to resell the Notes on the secondary market. 
Denominations and restrictions on exchange for Definitive Notes 
Notes may in certain circumstances be issued in denominations including (i) a minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000 (or EUR 150,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or 
EUR 200,000 in the case of Subordinated Notes or such other minimum denomination provided 
by applicable law from time to time) (or its equivalent in another currency) and (ii) an amount 
which is greater than EUR 100,000 (or EUR 150,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or EUR 200,000 in the case of Subordinated Notes or such other minimum denomination 
provided by applicable law from time to time) (or its equivalent) but which is an integral 
multiple of a smaller amount (such as EUR 1,000). Where this occurs, Notes may be traded in 
amounts in excess of EUR 100,000 (or EUR 150,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes

--- Page 54 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 54- 
47-41034364 
 
or EUR 200,000 in the case of Subordinated Notes or such other minimum denomination 
provided by applicable law from time to time) (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples 
of EUR 100,000 (or EUR 150,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or EUR 200,000 
in the case of Subordinated Notes or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable 
law from time to time) (or its equivalent). In such a case, a holder who as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or EUR 150,000 in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or EUR 200,000 in the 
case of Subordinated Notes or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law 
from time to time) will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that 
it holds an amount equal to an integral multiple of EUR 100,000 (or EUR 150,000 in the case 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or EUR 200,000 in the case of Subordinated Notes or such other 
minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time). 
6. Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, 
exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell 
their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes 
that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements 
of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. In addition, Notes issued under 
the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated market and, in these 
circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market 
prices of such Notes may be adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be 
able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might 
additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. In addition, liquidity may be limited if 
the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than 
the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield 
on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes 
and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. Government and 
monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 55 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 55- 
47-41034364 
 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit rating to the issue of Notes. 
The rating may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should 
consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 56 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 56- 
47-41034364 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following 
documents which have previously been published or which are published simultaneously with 
this Base Prospectus. Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of 
this Base Prospectus. Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any of the 
information incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be 
deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a 
statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by reference by way of 
supplement modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
1. 
Issuer's by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://www.volksbank.it/documents/20147/0/BPAA+Articles+of+Association+2022.
pdf/e380e435-5ed5-4369-b318-1c550b652a50   
2. 
Issuer's audited non-consolidated annual financial statements, together with the 
accompanying notes and auditor's report, prepared in accordance with international 
accounting standards IAS/IFRS in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2021, that 
can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://www.volksbank.it/documents/20147/0/Bilancio+Banca+Popolare+VolksBank
+03-22_EN.pdf/cf3ef258-9ccf-2adf-3e91-4ab00f90724c  
3. 
Issuer's audited non-consolidated annual financial statements, together with the 
accompanying notes and auditor's report, prepared in accordance with international 
accounting standards IAS/IFRS in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020, that 
can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://www.volksbank.it/documents/20147/294152/Bilancio+Banca+Popolare+Volks
Bank+03-21.pdf/1b82171e-3d3b-d82a-b0c0-63088ed4c1c9  
4. 
Issuer's Investor Relations Presentation dated May 2022, with the exclusion of the 
information in relation to the financial years ranging from 2014 to 2019 contained in 
page 13, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://www.volksbank.it/documents/20147/0/202205_IR-Presentation-
EN+%286%29.pdf/f686df39-1416-c6d7-bb45-73ebe866e24a  
The Issuer will, at the specified offices of the Paying Agent, provide, free of charge, upon oral 
or written request, a copy of this Base Prospectus (or any document incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus). Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the 
specified office of any of the Paying Agents or to the specified office of the Listing Agent in 
Luxembourg. In addition such documents will be available, without charge, on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The following tables show where the relevant information can be found in the above mentioned 
financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 57 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 57- 
47-41034364 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Issuer’s audited non-consolidated 
financial statements as of and for 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 2020 
Balance sheet 
121 
Profit and Loss Account 
122 
Statement of income 
123 
Statement of changes in equity 
124 
Cash flow statement 
125 
Accounting policies and explanatory 
notes 
127-179 
Independent Auditors' report 
111-117 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Issuer’s audited non-consolidated 
financial statements as of and for 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 2021 
Balance sheet 
125 
Profit and Loss Account 
126 
Statement of income 
127 
Statement of changes in equity 
128 
Cash flow statement 
129 
Accounting policies and explanatory 
notes 
131-184 
Independent Auditors' report 
113-123 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Investor Presentation 
Entire document 
1-39 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Issuer's by-laws (Statuto) 
Entire document 
1-25 
 
The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference lists above 
is considered additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of 
Commission Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 (as amended). 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be inspected, 
free of charge, at www.volksbank.it/it/investor-relations/en. Any information contained in or 
incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this base prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 58 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 58- 
47-41034364 
 
FURTHER PROSPECTUSES AND SUPPLEMENTS 
The Issuer will prepare a replacement prospectus setting out the changes in the operations and 
financial conditions of the Issuer at least every year after the date of this Base Prospectus and 
each subsequent prospectus. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that, if at any time during the duration of 
the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
the Notes, it shall prepare and publish a supplement to this Base Prospectus in accordance with 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer any number of copies 
of such supplement as a Dealer may reasonably request. 
In addition, the Issuer may agree with any Dealer to issue Notes in a form not contemplated in 
the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Form of Final Terms". To the extent that the 
information relating to that Tranche of Notes constitutes a significant new factor in relation to 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such 
Tranche (a "Drawdown Prospectus") will be made available and will contain such 
information. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document 
containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) by a 
registration document containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities 
note containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a 
summary note. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus, references in this Base Prospectus to information specified or identified in the Final 
Terms shall (unless the context requires otherwise) be read and construed as information 
specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 59 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 59- 
47-41034364 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (a 
"Temporary Global Note"), without Coupons, or a permanent global note (a "Permanent 
Global Note"), without Coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each 
Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") 
which is not intended to be issued in a new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or 
"CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global 
Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form 
are in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB 
credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that 
certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements 
for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 
June 2006 and the debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the 
Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the 
TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note without Coupons (as defined herein), interests in which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without Coupons, 
not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the 
Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is 
improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot 
be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and

--- Page 60 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 60- 
47-41034364 
 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, 
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, provided, 
however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in 
definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or (b) an Event of Default as defined in Condition 16 (Events of Default) 
occurs and the Notes become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the 
circumstances described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which 
are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, 
whether in global or definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, where the Permanent 
Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes 
may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of (A) as in regards to Senior 
Notes (i) a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000, plus (ii) integral multiples of EUR 1,000, 
provided that such denominations are not less than EUR 100,000 nor more than EUR 199,000 
(or, where the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such other currency), (B) as in regards to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (i) a minimum 
denomination of EUR 150,000, plus (ii) integral multiples of EUR 1,000, provided that such 
denominations are not less than EUR 150,000 nor more than EUR 299,000, (C) as in regards 
to Subordinated Notes, (i) a minimum denomination of EUR 200,000, plus (ii) integral 
multiples of EUR 1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than EUR 200,000 nor 
more than EUR 399,000. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such 
denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount 
equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Notes. 
However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination

--- Page 61 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 61- 
47-41034364 
 
may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes 
such that its holding is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable 
or that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, interests in which will 
be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, 
then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons, 
interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected 
without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons (as defined herein) attached (if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the 
Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of 
the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be 
issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may 
only be traded in such amounts whether in global or definitive form. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent 
Global Note, without Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in 
part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or (b) an Event of Default as defined in Condition 16 (Events of Default) 
occurs and the Notes become due and payable. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the 
circumstances described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which

--- Page 62 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 62- 
47-41034364 
 
are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, 
whether in global or definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, where the Permanent 
Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes 
may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of (A) as in regards to Senior 
Notes (i) a minimum denomination of EUR 100,000, plus (ii) integral multiples of EUR 1,000, 
provided that such denominations are not less than EUR 100,000 nor more than EUR 199,000 
(or, where the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such other currency), (B) as in regards to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (i) a minimum 
denomination of EUR 150,000, plus (ii) integral multiples of EUR 1,000, provided that such 
denominations are not less than EUR 150,000 nor more than EUR 299,000, (C) as in regards 
to Subordinated Notes, (i) a minimum denomination of EUR 200,000, plus (ii) integral 
multiples of EUR 1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than EUR 200,000 nor 
more than EUR 399,000. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such 
denominations will, upon exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount 
equal to its entitlement to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Notes. 
However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination 
may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes 
such that its holding is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. Where the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and its rules so 
require, the Issuer will give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive 
Notes pursuant to Condition 22 (Notices). 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and 
will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" below and the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under "Overview of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in 
global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto 
will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, 
Coupon or Talon will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange

--- Page 63 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 63- 
47-41034364 
 
or redemption of such Note, Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be 
characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated 
as ordinary income.

--- Page 64 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 64- 
47-41034364 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes governed by English law (the 
"English Law Notes" or the "Notes") which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any 
Tranche of Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member 
State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base 
Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the 
Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any 
information in this Base Prospectus.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under "Overview of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.  
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established a 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to 
EUR 1,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of English law-governed notes (the 
"English Law Notes" or the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") 
and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms 
and conditions governed by English law (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement 
dated 1 June 2022 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, BNP Paribas 
Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which 
expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes) and the other paying agents named therein (together with 
the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or 
additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes).  
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms 
are available during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, 
the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes 
(the "Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, 
(the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) and, where applicable, talons 
for further Coupons ("Talons") are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available 
for inspection during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the 
Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.

--- Page 65 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 65- 
47-41034364 
 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following 
meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then applicable to the 
Issuer or the Group (including any applicable transitional provisions) including, 
without limitation, the BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees, the CRD IV Package, 
the Capital Instruments Regulations, the Prudential Regulations for Banks, the Banking 
Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and any other regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant 
Authority (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of 
law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer) or of the 
institutions of the European Union and standards and guidelines issued by the European 
Banking Authority; 
"Bank of Italy" means the Bank of Italy and/or any competent authority which at a 
future date carries out the functions which the Bank of Italy performs as at the Issue 
Date; 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ration, requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012; (ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; (iii) Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers

--- Page 66 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 66- 
47-41034364 
 
and capital conservation measures; and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as 
regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry 
into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of 
16 November 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the 
transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law);  
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the 
number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period

--- Page 67 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 67- 
47-41034364 
 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it 
will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s); 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CMS Rate" means the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the 
London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the 
principal New York City office of five major banks in the New York City inter-bank 
market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent; 
"Consolidated Banking Law" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"CRD IV" means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing 
Measures; 
"CRD IV Directive" means Directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC 
and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as amended, supplemented or

--- Page 68 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 68- 
47-41034364 
 
replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry 
into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing 
the CRD IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, 
including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, and 
regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy, the European Banking Authority 
or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) 
or, if applicable, the Issuer together with its consolidated Subsidiaries (on a 
consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a standalone or, if 
applicable, consolidated basis); 
"CRR" means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms 
amending Regulation No. 648/2012, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time 
to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the 
Banking Reform Package); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year;

--- Page 69 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 69- 
47-41034364 
 
(c) 
If "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
If "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
If "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(f) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=

--- Page 70 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 70- 
47-41034364 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
(g) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but 
excluding the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Deed of Covenant" means the deed of covenant dated 1 June 2022 relating to the 
Notes executed by the Issuer; 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means in respect of any Note, its 
principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=

--- Page 71 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 71- 
47-41034364 
 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is 
calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in 
accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets 
Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Government Entities" means any body, agency, ministry, department, authority, 
statutory corporation or other entity of or pertaining to the Republic of Italy or the 
government thereof or any political subdivision, municipality or local government 
thereof (whether autonomous or not); 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;  
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of 
another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities 
or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of 
such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences or a default in the payment and such 
indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(ii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which 
would, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services 
the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and

--- Page 72 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 72- 
47-41034364 
 
(iv) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any 
forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of borrowing. 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Basis" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date (or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the 
relevant redemption date);  
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc (or any 
successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa" means Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa 
as described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Consolidated Banking Law; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 73 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 73- 
47-41034364 
 
"Material Subsidiary" means, with reference to a consolidated Subsidiary of the Issuer 
(if any), a Subsidiary: 
(i) 
whose net revenues or net assets (in each case, consolidated in the case of a 
Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 3 per cent. of 
the consolidated net revenues or, as the case may be, the consolidated net assets 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively 
by reference to the latest financial statements (consolidated or, as the case may 
be, non-consolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then last audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, provided that where a 
Subsidiary is acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then 
latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer relate, the reference 
to such financial statements shall be construed as if such Subsidiary had been 
shown in such financial statements by reference to the then latest relevant 
financial statements of such Subsidiary, adjusting the latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer in accordance with provisions contained in 
CONSOB communication No. DEM/1052803 of 5 July 2001 for the preparation 
of pro forma financial information (as the same may be amended, supplemented 
or replaced from time to time); or 
(ii) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the business, undertaking and 
assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer is a 
Material Subsidiary, whereupon (a) in the case of a transfer by a Material 
Subsidiary, the transferor Material Subsidiary shall immediately cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary and (b) the transferee Subsidiary shall immediately become 
a Material Subsidiary, provided that, on or after the date on which the financial 
statements are published in respect of the financial period during which such 
transfer occurred, whether such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee 
Subsidiary is or is not a Material Subsidiary shall be determined pursuant to the 
provisions of sub-paragraph (i) above; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Period" means the period from and including the Issue Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with 
which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset 
Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period commencing on the relevant Reset Date; (b) is in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market; and (c) 
has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity

--- Page 74 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 74- 
47-41034364 
 
as specified in the Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating 
rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Minimum Capital" means the minimum amount of capital of the Issuer, as provided 
for by the Bank of Italy from time to time for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining 
the authorisation of the Bank of Italy to carry on banking activities, as determined by 
the external auditors of the Issuer and certified in writing by two directors of the Issuer; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, by reason of the introduction of or a 
change in MREL Requirements, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of such Series of Notes are or will be excluded fully or partially from 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. For the avoidance of 
doubt: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from 
the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than 
any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; 
(b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes from the MREL 
Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Senior Notes within a 
prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for eligible 
liabilities does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion of 
a Series of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements 
as a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of 
a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not constitute an 
MREL Disqualification Event; 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or loss-absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
Group, from time to time, (including any applicable transitional provisions) including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing 
acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and 
any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to 
minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy or the Relevant Authority from 
time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group), as any of the preceding laws, 
regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may 
be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 75 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 75- 
47-41034364 
 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the CRR as interpreted 
and applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which 
adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or 
(in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Prudential Regulations for Banks" means the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza per le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 
2013, as amended or supplemented from time to time, including any successor 
regulations; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder;

--- Page 76 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 76- 
47-41034364 
 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
(or if the Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the 
Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or securities 
issued by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of 
an investment bank of international repute as having an actual or interpolated maturity 
comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate 
debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable 
maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR or the CMS Rate as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and

--- Page 77 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 77- 
47-41034364 
 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than 
the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Event" is deemed to have occurred if there is a change (or pending change 
which the Relevant Authority considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion, 
in whole or, to the extent permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, 
from Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and, in case the Regulatory Event has occurred before 
five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, both of the following 
conditions are met: (i) the Relevant Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently 
certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
the change in regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as 
at the relevant Issue Date; 
"Relevant Authority" means the Bank of Italy or other governmental authority in Italy 
(or other country in which the Issuer is then domiciled having supervisory powers over 
the Issuer) or any European Union or other supranational authority (including the 
European Central Bank) having primary responsibility for prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer from time to time; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or 
represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or 
other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock 
exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any 
over-the-counter market); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) 
specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, 
section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed for 
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis, is equivalent to EUR EURIBOR Reuters (as defined in the ISDA

--- Page 78 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 78- 
47-41034364 
 
Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time; 
"Reserved Matter" shall have the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement and 
includes, inter alia, any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the 
currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating 
to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or to amend 
this definition; 
"Reset Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, for each Reset Period, the date as specified in the 
Final Terms falling on or before the commencement of such Reset Period on which the 
rate of interest applying during such Reset Period will be determined; 
"Reset Margin" means the margin specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the first Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date if there is only Reset Period or, if there is more than one 
Reset Period, each period from (and including) one Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) 
to (but excluding) the next Reset Date up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; 
"Reset Rate" for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Reset Reference 
Rate and (ii) the applicable Reset Margin (rounded down to four decimal places, with 
0.00005 being rounded down); 
"Reset Rate Screen Page" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms; 
"Reset Rate Time" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms; 
"Reset Reference Rate" means either; 
(a) 
if "Mid-Swaps" is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid-Swap Rate displayed 
on the Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the Reset Rate Time on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date for such Reset Period; or 
(b) 
if "Reference Bond" is specified in the Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity 
or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant 
Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price;

--- Page 79 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 79- 
47-41034364 
 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of 
encumbrance or security interest including, without limitation, anything analogous to 
any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as Senior Non-Preferred obligations and intended to qualify as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under, and for the purposes of, 
Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking 
Law, as amended from time to time, and any relevant implementing regulation which 
may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority; 
"Senior Notes" means Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Senior 
Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes Senior Non-Preferred Notes); 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM" means the Single Resolution Mechanism established pursuant to Regulation 
(EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"Subordinated Notes" means Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory 
capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Prudential Regulations for 
Banks and Article 63 of the CRR; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular 
time, any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, or are required to be, in accordance with 
applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, consolidated with 
those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system or any successor thereto; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 System is open for 
the settlement of payments in euro; 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it by (i) the Relevant Authority from time 
to time or (ii) any regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions 
adopted by the institutions of the European Union from time to time, as applicable;

--- Page 80 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 80- 
47-41034364 
 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders 
are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 15 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any 
other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 15 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such 
expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case 
of a Series of Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder of 
any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice 
of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such 
holder. No Person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note 
under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
Status of Senior Notes 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 4 (Status of Senior Notes) is applicable only to Senior 
Notes.

--- Page 81 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 81- 
47-41034364 
 
(b) 
Status: The Notes and any related Coupons constitute direct, general, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without 
preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for any obligations 
ranking junior to the Senior Notes from time to time (including Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and any further obligations permitted by law to rank junior to the Senior Notes 
following the Issue Date), if any. 
(c) 
Waiver: Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right 
of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Notes. 
5. 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) is applicable only 
to Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status: Senior Non-Preferred Notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under, and for the purposes of, 
Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking 
Law, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority), any related Receipts and Coupons constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the 
Issuer, ranking (i) junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by 
provision of law, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including claims arising 
from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, and (ii) 
at least pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other 
present or future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer which do 
not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (iii) in priority to any subordinated instruments, to any 
present or future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, as amended from time to time, and any 
relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority. 
(c) 
Waiver: Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably 
waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy 
which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such 
Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. 
6. 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Status of Subordinated Notes) is applicable only to 
Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 82 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 82- 
47-41034364 
 
(b) 
Status of Subordinated Notes: Subordinated Notes and any related Coupons constitute 
direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and, subject to the 
provisions of this Condition 6, will at all times rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Subordinated 
Notes of such Series will be treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect 
of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such 
Series. In the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, 
inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa of the Issuer), for so long as the relevant 
Series of Subordinated Notes qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital, the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under each Series of Subordinated Notes, and the relative 
Coupons as the case may be, will rank in right of payment:  
(i) 
after unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and any holder 
of Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of 
the Issuer and creditors of the Issuer in respect of subordinated indebtedness 
which ranks, or is expressed to rank, senior to the Subordinated Notes (including 
any subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as 
own fund items (elementi di fondi propri)); 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which 
do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such 
Series of Subordinated Notes, including holders of present or future outstanding 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; and  
(iii) 
in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and any obligations 
ranking, or expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes, including 
Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer (as defined under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations). 
(c) 
Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes: If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes 
do not qualify (or cease to qualify) in their entirety as own funds items (elementi di 
fondi propri), such Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu without any preference 
among the Notes and:  
(i) 
at least pari passu with the Issuer's obligations in respect of any other 
subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own 
funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other subordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer that have such ranking;  
(ii) 
in priority to payments to holders of present or future outstanding indebtedness 
which qualifies, in whole or in part, as own funds items (elementi di fondi 
propri), including Additional Tier 1 Capital (as defined under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations) and Tier 2 Capital; and  
(iii) 
junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or future claims of 
depositors of the Issuer and any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
(including Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(d) 
Waiver: Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives 
any right of set off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated 
Note.

--- Page 83 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 83- 
47-41034364 
 
(e) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
7. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if (a) the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable or (b) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, in respect of those periods for which the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are stated to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 14 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment 
of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in 
respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in 
the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate 
Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in 
the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
8. 
Reset Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Reset Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the relevant Final Terms specifies the Interest Basis reset on Reset Date as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Interest Basis reset provisions: The Notes will bear interest in respect of the Reset 
Period (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each successive Reset Period 
thereafter) at the relevant Reset Rate (to be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with this Condition 8) payable, 
subject as provided in Condition 14 (Payments), in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 84 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 84- 
47-41034364 
 
(c) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the Reset Date (or, if there is more than one 
Reset Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the Issue Date), at the Initial Rate of 
Interest payable, subject as provided in Condition 14 (Payments), in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment 
of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 8 (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(d) 
Reset Rate Screen Page: If the Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, the Calculation 
Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reset Reference 
Rate at approximately the Reset Rate Time on the Reset Determination Date in question 
if two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered 
quotations, the Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If on any Reset Determination Date 
only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered 
quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 8, the Reset Rate 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the case of 
the first Reset Determination Date, the Reset Rate shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
(e) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest 
Amount payable on the Reset Notes for each relevant period (in the case of Interest 
Periods falling after the Reset Date, as soon as practicable after the time at which the 
Reset Reference Rate is to be determined in relation to such Reset Interest Period) by 
applying the Initial Rate of Interest or the applicable Reset Rate (as the case may be) to 
the Calculation Amount and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a Note comprises more than one 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each 
Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
(f) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Reset Rate and each Interest 
Amount determined by it for each Reset Period, together with the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with 
any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, Paying Agents and each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable 
after such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount

--- Page 85 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 85- 
47-41034364 
 
(on the basis of the foregoing provisions) in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each 
Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(g) 
Notifications, etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 8 by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject 
as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes. 
9. 
Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if (a) the Floating Rate Note Provisions or 
CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable or (b) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, in respect of those periods for which the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or the CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 14 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment 
of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest 
Notes: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is not 
specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;

--- Page 86 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 86- 
47-41034364 
 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at 
that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks 
for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that 
if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an 
arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be 
the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest 
Notes: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each 
of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for 
the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith

--- Page 87 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 87- 
47-41034364 
 
on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its 
absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means 
a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given 
to it in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Pulication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall 
in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.

--- Page 88 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 88- 
47-41034364 
 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest 
Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest 
Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount during such Interest Period and multiplying 
the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a 
Floating Rate Note or CMS Linked Interest Note comprises more than one Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of 
the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any 
other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment 
date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such 
determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent 
will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If 
the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the 
Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may 
publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note 
having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications, etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 9 by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject 
as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes. 
10. 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser) 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 9 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest 
Note Provisions) and Condition 8 (Reset Rate Note Provisions), if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined by reference to such 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 10(a)) and, in either

--- Page 89 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 89- 
47-41034364 
 
case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 10(b)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 10(c)).  
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 10 and the Fiscal Agent will not be liable for any 
loss, liability, cost, charge or expense which may arise as a result thereof 
(a) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 10(a)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for the relevant Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 10 in the event of a further Benchmark 
Event affecting the Successor Rate; or  
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 10(a)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest 
Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 10 in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Alternative Rate 
(b) 
If the Independent Adviser determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, 
then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). 
(c) 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 10 and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then 
the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 10(d), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the 
direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential 
amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as the Fiscal Agent may 
be required in order to give effect to this Condition 10). 
(d) 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate, in accordance with this Condition 10, prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or (C) in case the provisions relating to the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Event in case of a Benchmark Event are specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms or the provisions relating to the occurrence of an MREL 
Disqualification Event in case of a Benchmark Event are specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms (as applicable), the provisions under this Condition 10 would

--- Page 90 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 90- 
47-41034364 
 
cause the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or an MREL Disqualification Event (as 
applicable), or (D) in the case of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, the 
provisions under this Condition 10 would result in the Relevant Authority treating an 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date, then the Reference Rate applicable to the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference 
Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 10(d) shall apply to the 
relevant Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 10 (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser)). 
(e) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 10 will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 22 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(f) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) 
be binding on the Issuer, Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders. 
(g) 
As used in this Condition 10: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement 
rate for the Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be); or  
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be

--- Page 91 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 91- 
47-41034364 
 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 10 is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
period and in the Specified Currency; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(c); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or  
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its 
use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or 
in respect of the Notes; or 
(iv) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (ii) or (iii) above and the Specified Future Date 
in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, 
the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months 
prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or

--- Page 92 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 92- 
47-41034364 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 
7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) or Condition 9 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest 
Note Provisions), each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and 
Issuer's Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its 
option (any such option, a "Switch Option"), having given notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) on or prior to the relevant Switch Option 
Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate 
or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms 
with effect from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (including different Fixed Rates or Floating Rates in respect of 
Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes respectively) to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective 
Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the 
outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will 
be effective from (and including) the relevant Switch Option Effective Date until the 
Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch 
Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) 
where a Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option 
Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and 
the Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such 
subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option having been notified by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date.

--- Page 93 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 93- 
47-41034364 
 
12. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 12 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the 
Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall 
thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that 
there is any subsequent default in payment). 
13. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 13(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes), Condition 
13(h) (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 14 
(Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
(subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 13(f) (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes) and, in the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
to Condition 13(h) (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)) in 
whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions nor CMS Linked 
Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS 
Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable), 
in each case, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for 
redemption, if: 
(A) 
(1) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 15 (Taxation) or (2) for 
Subordinated Notes only, deductibility of interest payable by the Issuer 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes is materially reduced for Italian 
income tax purposes, in each case, as a result of any change in, or

--- Page 94 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 94- 
47-41034364 
 
amendment or clarification to, the laws, regulations or other rules of the 
Republic of Italy or of any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the application or official interpretation 
(or application or interpretation made for the first time) of such laws, 
regulations or other rules (including the publication or pronouncement 
of any decision or interpretation by any court or authority of competent 
jurisdiction, providing for a position with respect to such laws, 
regulations or other rules that differs from the previously generally 
accepted position or otherwise differs from prior written confirmation 
given by a competent authority in respect of tax treatment of the Notes), 
which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or after 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, and 
(C) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only if the circumstances under points 
(A) and (B) above have occurred before five years from the issue of the 
relevant Subordinated Notes, the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that such change is material and 
was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date (a "Tax Event"), 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were 
then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment 
Date, 60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring 
immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect 
of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by a legal representative 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem have occurred and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts or will be unable to deduct as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the 
expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 13(b), the Issuer shall – 
subject to Condition 13(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes) and to Condition 13(h) 
(Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) - be bound to redeem 
the Notes in accordance with this Condition 13(b).

--- Page 95 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 95- 
47-41034364 
 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons: 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 13(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons) applies 
only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Subordinated 
Notes. 
(ii) 
Redemption: If, at any time the Issuer determines that a Regulatory Event has 
occurred, the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
(subject to Condition 13(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes) below), in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate Note 
nor a CMS Linked Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note 
is either a Floating Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note), on giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 22 (Notices) to the Noteholders. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 13(c), 
the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances 
prevail and describe the facts leading thereto, in which event it shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 13(c), the Issuer 
shall – subject to Condition 13(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes) - be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 13(c), at the Early Redemption 
Amount (Regulatory Event) described in the relevant Final Terms, together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may, subject to Condition 13(f) (Redemption 
of Subordinated Notes) and Condition 13(h) (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes), be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part, on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall – subject to 
Condition 13(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes) and to Condition 13(h) 
(Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes), - be irrevocable and 
shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified 
in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 13(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent 
approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law and the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 13(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes 
so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or less than the minimum so 
specified.

--- Page 96 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 96- 
47-41034364 
 
(f) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes: Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes in 
accordance with Condition 13(a) (Scheduled redemption), Condition 13(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 13(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), 
Condition 13(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), any purchase in accordance 
with Condition 13(k) (Purchase) and, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification or 
substitution in accordance with Condition 20 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification 
and Waiver), shall be subject to compliance with the then Applicable Banking 
Regulations, including, as relevant: 
(i) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in 
accordance with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from 
time to time, where either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as 
applicable), the Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with Own Funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for 
its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority 
that its Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment 
or repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid down in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant 
Authority considers necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the 
extent required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Capital Instruments 
Regulation: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 13(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the 
Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue 
Date; or 
(B) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 13(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons), a Regulatory Event has occurred; or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the 
Issuer replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for income capacity of the Issuer 
and the Relevant Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view 
and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may 
be applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period 
which shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making

--- Page 97 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 97- 
47-41034364 
 
purposes) the Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall 
not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount 
of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may 
be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the outstanding 
aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, 
subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and (B) of sub-paragraph (i) of the 
preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission 
in accordance with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for 
any purposes. 
Amounts that would otherwise be payable on the due date will continue to bear interest 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Subordinated Notes up to that day are received by or on behalf of the Noteholders and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of such Subordinated Notes up to such seventh 
day. 
(g) 
Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Any redemption of the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with 
Condition 13(a) (Scheduled redemption), Condition 13(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 13(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 13(i) 
(Issuer Call due to an MREL Disqualification Event), any purchase in accordance with 
Condition 13(k) (Purchases) and, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification or 
substitution in accordance with Condition 20 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification 
and Waiver), shall be subject, to the extent such Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements or, in case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 13(i) (Issuer Call due 
to an MREL Disqualification Event), qualified as liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL Requirements before the occurrence of the MREL Disqualification Event, to 
compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including, as relevant, the 
condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in 
accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or Eligible 
Liabilities Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that 
the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the relevant notes with Own Funds instruments is

--- Page 98 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 98- 
47-41034364 
 
necessary to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in 
the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable 
from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period 
which shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making 
purposes) Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined 
amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or 
purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) 
of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission 
in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer 
for any purposes. 
(h) 
Issuer Call due to an MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 13(i) applies only to Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If Issuer Call due to an MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject to the provisions of Condition 
13(h) (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)), having given not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders and the Fiscal Agent in accordance 
with Condition 22 (Notices) (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption) 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding at any time (if the Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note) or 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked 
Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note), if the Issuer determines that an MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 13(i), the Issuer 
shall – subject to Condition 13(h) (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) – be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 
13(i) at the Early Redemption Amount described in the applicable Final Terms, together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise 
than as provided in Conditions 13(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 13(i) (Issuer Call due 
to an MREL Disqualification Event). 
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note 
at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable.

--- Page 99 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 99- 
47-41034364 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
purposes of this Condition 13(i) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 
30E/360. 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time, including for market 
making purposes, purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, 
provided that: 
(i) 
all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, the purchase of the relevant Subordinated Notes, Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall take 
place subject as provided in Condition 13(f) (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes) and Condition 13(h) (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes). 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes which are so redeemed or purchased and subsequently 
surrendered for cancellation by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and any unmatured 
Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be 
reissued or resold. 
14. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency 
is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained 
by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case 
of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 14(h) (Payments other than in 
respect of matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 14(a) 
(Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the 
Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed 
Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the 
Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is 
permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 15 (Taxation) and (ii) any

--- Page 100 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 100- 
47-41034364 
 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of that Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of 
the missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is 
less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that 
proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for 
payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order 
of maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of 
such missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this 
sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon 
to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; 
and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if 
less, the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal 
due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the 
amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph 
(a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of 
the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 14(f) 
is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early 
redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 13(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 13(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), Condition 13(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 13(g) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders), Condition 13(i) (Issuer Call due to an MREL Disqualification Event), or

--- Page 101 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 101- 
47-41034364 
 
Condition 16 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or 
not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant 
Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New 
York City if permitted under Condition 13(c) (Payments in New York City)). 
(i) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) attached to the Notes, the Talon attached to such Note may be 
exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for further Coupons, as the case 
may be (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect 
of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 17 (Prescription)). 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
15. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of the Notes 
and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Italy or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding 
or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by 
law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt 
by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of the 
amounts of principal, in the case of Senior Notes not qualifying at such time as 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only (if permitted by the 
Applicable Banking Regulations), and interest, in the case of any Notes, as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that 
no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented 
for payment: 
(i) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having 
some connection with the Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such 
Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
by a non-Italian resident entity or individual which is resident for tax purposes 
in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information 
with the Italian tax authorities; or 
(iii) 
by an Italian resident, to the extent that interest is paid to an Italian individual 
or an Italian legal entity not carrying on a business (including, but not limited 
to (A) partnerships, de facto partnerships not carrying on a business and

--- Page 102 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 102- 
47-41034364 
 
professional associations, (B) public and private resident entities, other than 
companies, not carrying on a business, and (C) certain other Persons exempt 
from corporate income tax) or to such other Italian resident entities which have 
been or may be identified by Legislative Decree 239 of 1 April 1996 and related 
regulations of implementation which have been or may subsequently be enacted 
("Decree 239"); or 
(iv) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth in 
Decree 239 have not been met or complied with except where such requirements 
and procedures have not been met or complied with due to the actions or 
omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(v) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant 
holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented 
such Note or Coupon on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than Italy, references in these Conditions to Italy shall be construed as references 
to Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. The Issuer or any Paying Agent shall be entitled 
to make any withholding or deduction but will have no obligation to pay additional 
amounts in respect of the Notes for any such withholding or deduction imposed on or 
with respect to section 1471 through section 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended ("FATCA"), any treaty, intergovernmental agreement, law, 
regulation or other official guidance implementing FATCA, or any agreement between 
the Issuer or any Paying Agent and the United States, Italy or any authority of any of 
the foregoing implementing FATCA. 
16. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Winding-up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the 
purposes of and pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring 
whilst solvent); or 
(ii) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of Italy has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraph (i) (Winding up, 
etc.) above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable 
at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further 
action or formality. 
No Event of Default shall occur other than in the context of paragraphs (i) or (ii), above, 
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a 
resolution authority in respect of the relevant Issuer shall not constitute an Event of 
Default for the Notes for any purpose).

--- Page 103 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 103- 
47-41034364 
 
17. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for 
payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall 
become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
18. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the 
Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such 
terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
19. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with Notes and Coupons, the 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder of any Note or Coupon. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial 
Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to 
appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying 
agents; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer will ensure that they maintain a Paying Agent in an EU member state 
that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European Council 
Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings or any law implementing or 
complying with, or introduced to conform to, such Directive; and 
(iii) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Paying Agent outside the Republic of 
Italy; and 
(v) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system the rules of 
which require the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the 
Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place 
required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system.

--- Page 104 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 104- 
47-41034364 
 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. 
20. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Conditions may not be amended without the prior 
approval of the Relevant Authority (if applicable). The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the 
Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such 
modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in 
writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more Persons holding or representing one more 
than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any 
adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever 
the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved 
Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders at which one or more Persons holding or representing not less than 
three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly 
passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, 
whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such 
other method (which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video 
conference) as the Issuer may determine in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for 
the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect 
as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained 
in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf 
of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, the Deed of Covenant and these Conditions may be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. 
The parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but 
the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such 
modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a 
manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. In addition, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent may agree to 
such modification to the Notes, Coupons and the Agency Agreement as may be required 
to give effect to Condition 10 (Benchmark Replacement) in connection with any 
Alternative Reference Rate, Successor Rate or other related changes or in order to give 
effect to any modification or substitution of the Notes pursuant to Condition 20 (c) 
(Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes following a Regulatory Event or a 
Tax Event) and Condition 20 (d) (Modification or Substitution of Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes following an MREL Disqualification Event). Any such 
modification shall be binding on the holders of the Noteholders and Couponholders and 
any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
22 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter.

--- Page 105 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 105- 
47-41034364 
 
(c) 
Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes following a Regulatory Event or a 
Tax Event: This Condition 20(c) applies to Subordinated Notes if Modification or 
Substitution of Subordinated Notes for Regulatory Event or Tax Event is specified in 
the Final Terms as being applicable. If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory Event 
occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 
(Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power), then 
the Issuer may either: (a) substitute new notes for the Subordinated Notes whereby such 
new notes shall replace the Subordinated Notes, or (b) vary the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes, at any time without any requirement for consent of the holders of 
Subordinated Notes, so that the Subordinated Notes are substituted for, or as applicable, 
varied to, become or remain, the Qualifying Subordinated Notes, subject to having 
given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the holders 
of Subordinated Notes and subject to receiving the prior consent from the Relevant 
Authority if and as required therefor under the Applicable Banking Regulations and in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
The holders of Subordinated Notes shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing 
and holding any Subordinated Notes, be deemed to have accepted the substitution and 
modification of the terms of Subordinated Notes and to have granted to the Issuer full 
powers and authority to take any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the 
name and /or on behalf of the holders of Subordinated Notes which is necessary or 
convenient to implement the substitution or modification of the terms of Subordinated 
Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 20(c), "Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means 
securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 
(Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in 
Powers), have the terms not less favourable to the holders of Subordinated 
Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an 
investment bank or financial adviser of international standing, than the terms of 
the Subordinated Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms such that they 
comply with the then-current minimum requirements under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; (B) provide 
for a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have at least 
the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time 
to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same redemption 
rights as the Subordinated Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the 
Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect 
of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the 
date of modification or substitution; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or 
higher solicited credit ratings with the same outlook as were assigned to the 
Subordinated Notes (if rated) immediately prior to modification or substitution, 
unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 26 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect 
to the Exercise of Bail-in Power); and (G) other than in respect of the 
effectiveness 
and 
enforceability 
of 
Condition 
26 
(Agreement 
and 
Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power), have terms not 
materially less favourable to a holder of the Subordinated Notes, certified by 
the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or

--- Page 106 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 106- 
47-41034364 
 
financial adviser of international standing which is independent of the Group, 
than the terms of the Subordinated Notes; 
(ii) 
are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the 
Subordinated Notes were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such 
modification or substitution. 
(d) 
Modification or Substitution of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes following 
an MREL Disqualification Event: 
In addition, if at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and/or in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 (Agreement and 
Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, 
subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required 
from, the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the holders of the relevant Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the holders of the Notes of that Series, 
at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of such Notes, or vary the terms of 
such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Senior Notes or 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation or 
substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or 
substituted securities. 
For the purposes of this Condition 20(d), "Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" 
means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 
(Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in 
Power), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such 
time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the 
Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (C) 
have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those 
from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the 
same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (E) preserve any 
existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date last preceding the date of modification or substitution; (F) are 
assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were 
assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation 
or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 26 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with 
Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power); and (G) other than in respect of the 
effectiveness 
and 
enforceability 
of 
Condition 
26 
(Agreement 
and 
Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power), have terms not 
materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an 
investment bank or financial adviser of international standing which is 
independent of the Group, than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes;

--- Page 107 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 107- 
47-41034364 
 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
were listed immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
For the purposes of this Condition 20(d), "Qualifying Senior Notes" means securities 
issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 
(Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in 
Power), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior 
Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Senior 
Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such 
securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the 
Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a ranking 
at least equal to that of the Senior Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate 
and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the 
Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (E) 
preserve any existing rights under the Senior Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date last preceding the date of modification or substitution; (F) are 
assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were 
assigned to the Senior Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, 
unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 26 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect 
to the Exercise of Bail-in Power); and (G) other than in respect of the 
effectiveness 
and 
enforceability 
of 
Condition 
26 
(Agreement 
and 
Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power), have terms not 
materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Notes, certified by the Issuer 
acting reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial 
adviser of international standing which is independent of the Group, than the 
terms of the Senior Notes; 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
21. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date 
and/or the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
22. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) 
and, if the Notes which are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of 
that exchange so require, a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in either case, if such publication is 
not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date

--- Page 108 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 108- 
47-41034364 
 
of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the 
first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the Noteholders. 
23. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or 
judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency 
(the "first currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such 
order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) 
making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment 
in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand 
of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy 
between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question 
from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at 
which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first 
currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in 
whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall 
give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
24. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up 
to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), 
(c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
25. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by English law, except for Conditions 4 (Status 
of Senior Notes), 5 (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), 6 (Status of Subordinated 
Notes), 16 (Events of Default) and 26 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect 
to the Exercise of Bail-in Powers) which are governed by and shall be construed in 
accordance with Italian law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
(a "Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating 
to the existence, validity or termination of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes) or the consequences of their nullity.

--- Page 109 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 109- 
47-41034364 
 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not 
argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any proceedings 
relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") and any other documents required to be served 
in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to DZ Bank AG 
London Branch at 150 Cheapside, London EC2V 6ET or, if different, its registered 
office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in Great Britain at which process 
may be served on it in accordance with Parts 34 and 37 of the Companies Act 2006. If 
such Person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on 
behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder addressed 
and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, appoint a 
further Person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, failing such 
appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a Person 
by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any 
Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition 
applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
26. 
Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power 
(a) 
Recognition of Bail-in  
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements, or understandings between the Issuer and any Noteholder, 
by its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes), acknowledges and accepts that the Amounts Due 
arising under these Notes may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the 
Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority, that 
may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on the Notes into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person (and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, 
securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes. 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes; 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment 
of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise 
of Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due

--- Page 110 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 110- 
47-41034364 
 
No repayment or payment of Amounts Due on the Notes, will become due and payable 
or be paid after the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority if and to 
the extent such amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered 
as a result of such exercise. 
(c) 
Event of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the 
conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, 
as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Issuer, nor the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with 
respect to the Notes will be an Event of Default or a default for any purpose.  
(d) 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Notes, the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. The 
Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Fiscal Agent for information 
purposes. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this 
Condition 26. 
(e) 
Exhaustiveness  
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the 
matters described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or 
understandings relating to the application of any Bail-in Power to the Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 26:  
"Amounts Due" are the principal amount of or outstanding amount, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest, due on the Notes. References to such amounts will include 
amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority; 
"Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, 
any law or regulation in effect in Italy, relating to the transposition of Directive 
2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms, including but not limited to the Bail-In Legislation 
and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 and the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which: 
(i) 
any obligation of a bank or investment firm or affiliate of a bank or investment 
firm can be reduced, cancelled, modified or converted into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of such entity or any other person (or suspended 
for a temporary period); and 
(ii) 
any right in a contract governing an obligation of a bank or investment firm or 
affiliate of a bank or investment firm may be deemed to have been exercised.

--- Page 111 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 111- 
47-41034364 
 
"Resolution Authority" means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution 
Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to time.

--- Page 112 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 112- 
47-41034364 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes governed by Italian law (the 
"Italian Law Notes" or the "Notes") which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be 
endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. In the case of any 
Tranche of Notes which are being admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member 
State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or replace any information in this Base 
Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, the 
Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may supplement, amend or replace any 
information in this Base Prospectus.  
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under "Overview of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.  
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established a 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to 
EUR 1,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Italian law-governed notes (the 
"Italian Law Notes" or the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") 
and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms 
and conditions governed by Italian law (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement 
dated 1 June 2022 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer, BNP Paribas 
Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which 
expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time in 
connection with the Notes) and the other paying agents named therein (together with 
the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or 
additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes).  
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms 
are available during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, 
the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes 
(the "Noteholders") and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, 
(the "Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) and, where applicable, talons 
for further Coupons ("Talons") are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. Copies of the Agency Agreement are available 
for inspection during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the 
Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.

--- Page 113 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 113- 
47-41034364 
 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following 
meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then applicable to the 
Issuer or the Group (including any applicable transitional provisions) including, 
without limitation, the BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees, the CRD IV Package, 
the Capital Instruments Regulations, the Prudential Regulations for Banks, the Banking 
Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and any other regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant 
Authority (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of 
law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer) or of the 
institutions of the European Union and standards and guidelines issued by the European 
Banking Authority; 
"Bank of Italy" means the Bank of Italy and/or any competent authority which at a 
future date carries out the functions which the Bank of Italy performs as at the Issue 
Date; 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ration, requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to 
central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012; (ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; (iii) Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers

--- Page 114 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 114- 
47-41034364 
 
and capital conservation measures; and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as 
regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry 
into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of 
16 November 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the 
transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law);  
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the 
number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period

--- Page 115 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 115- 
47-41034364 
 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it 
will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s); 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"CMS Rate" means the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the 
London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the 
principal New York City office of five major banks in the New York City inter-bank 
market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent; 
"Consolidated Banking Law" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"CRD IV" means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing 
Measures; 
"CRD IV Directive" means Directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC 
and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as amended, supplemented or

--- Page 116 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 116- 
47-41034364 
 
replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry 
into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing 
the CRD IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, 
including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, and 
regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy, the European Banking Authority 
or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) 
or, if applicable, the Issuer together with its consolidated Subsidiaries (on a 
consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a standalone or, if 
applicable, consolidated basis); 
"CRR" means Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms 
amending Regulation No. 648/2012, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time 
to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the 
Banking Reform Package); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year;

--- Page 117 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 117- 
47-41034364 
 
(c) 
If "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
If "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
If "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(f) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=

--- Page 118 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 118- 
47-41034364 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
(g) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation 
Period is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but 
excluding the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means in respect of any Note, its 
principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360
Fraction
Count 
Day 
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
=

--- Page 119 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 119- 
47-41034364 
 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is 
calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in 
accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European Money Markets 
Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Government Entities" means any body, agency, ministry, department, authority, 
statutory corporation or other entity of or pertaining to the Republic of Italy or the 
government thereof or any political subdivision, municipality or local government 
thereof (whether autonomous or not); 
"Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;  
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of 
another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities 
or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of 
such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences or a default in the payment and such 
indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised 
including (without limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i) 
amounts raised under any note purchase facility; 
(ii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which 
would, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting 
principles, be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(iii) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services 
the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 60 days; and 
(iv) 
amounts raised under any other transaction (including, without limitation, any 
forward sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of borrowing. 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 120 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 120- 
47-41034364 
 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Basis" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date (or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the 
relevant redemption date);  
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc (or any 
successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa" means Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa 
as described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Consolidated Banking Law; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Material Subsidiary" means, with reference to a consolidated Subsidiary of the Issuer 
(if any), a Subsidiary: 
(i) 
whose net revenues or net assets (in each case, consolidated in the case of a 
Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent not less than 3 per cent. of 
the consolidated net revenues or, as the case may be, the consolidated net assets 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively 
by reference to the latest financial statements (consolidated or, as the case may

--- Page 121 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 121- 
47-41034364 
 
be, non-consolidated) of the Subsidiary and the then last audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, provided that where a 
Subsidiary is acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then 
latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer relate, the reference 
to such financial statements shall be construed as if such Subsidiary had been 
shown in such financial statements by reference to the then latest relevant 
financial statements of such Subsidiary, adjusting the latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer in accordance with provisions contained in 
CONSOB communication No. DEM/1052803 of 5 July 2001 for the preparation 
of pro forma financial information (as the same may be amended, supplemented 
or replaced from time to time); or 
(ii) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the business, undertaking and 
assets of another Subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer is a 
Material Subsidiary, whereupon (a) in the case of a transfer by a Material 
Subsidiary, the transferor Material Subsidiary shall immediately cease to be a 
Material Subsidiary and (b) the transferee Subsidiary shall immediately become 
a Material Subsidiary, provided that, on or after the date on which the financial 
statements are published in respect of the financial period during which such 
transfer occurred, whether such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee 
Subsidiary is or is not a Material Subsidiary shall be determined pursuant to the 
provisions of sub-paragraph (i) above; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Period" means the period from and including the Issue Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR; 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and 
offered rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with 
which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset 
Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating 
interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (a) has a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period commencing on the relevant Reset Date; (b) is in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market; and (c) 
has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity 
as specified in the Final Terms (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating 
rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Minimum Capital" means the minimum amount of capital of the Issuer, as provided 
for by the Bank of Italy from time to time for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining 
the authorisation of the Bank of Italy to carry on banking activities, as determined by 
the external auditors of the Issuer and certified in writing by two directors of the Issuer;

--- Page 122 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 122- 
47-41034364 
 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, by reason of the introduction of or a 
change in MREL Requirements, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of such Series of Notes are or will be excluded fully or partially from 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. For the avoidance of 
doubt: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from 
the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than 
any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; 
(b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes from the MREL 
Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Senior Notes within a 
prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for eligible 
liabilities does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion of 
a Series of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements 
as a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of 
a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not constitute an 
MREL Disqualification Event; 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or loss-absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
Group, from time to time, (including any applicable transitional provisions) including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing 
acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and 
any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards and policies relating to 
minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy or the Relevant Authority from 
time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group), as any of the preceding laws, 
regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may 
be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the CRR as interpreted 
and applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which 
adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty;

--- Page 123 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 123- 
47-41034364 
 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or 
(in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Prudential Regulations for Banks" means the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza per le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 
2013, as amended or supplemented from time to time, including any successor 
regulations; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or

--- Page 124 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 124- 
47-41034364 
 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax), the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
(or if the Principal Financial Centre is Helsinki, five) major banks selected by the 
Calculation Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or securities 
issued by the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is euro, shall be Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of 
an investment bank of international repute as having an actual or interpolated maturity 
comparable with the relevant Reset Period that would be utilised, at the time of selection 
and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate 
debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable 
maturity to the relevant Reset Period; 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR or the CMS Rate as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than 
the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Event" is deemed to have occurred if there is a change (or pending change 
which the Relevant Authority considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion, 
in whole or, to the extent permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part,

--- Page 125 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 125- 
47-41034364 
 
from Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer and, in case the Regulatory Event has occurred before 
five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, both of the following 
conditions are met: (i) the Relevant Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently 
certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
the change in regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as 
at the relevant Issue Date; 
"Relevant Authority" means the Bank of Italy or other governmental authority in Italy 
(or other country in which the Issuer is then domiciled having supervisory powers over 
the Issuer) or any European Union or other supranational authority (including the 
European Central Bank) having primary responsibility for prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer from time to time; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or 
represented by any bond, note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or 
other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock 
exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any 
over-the-counter market); 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) 
specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, 
section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed for 
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis, is equivalent to EUR EURIBOR Reuters (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 126 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 126- 
47-41034364 
 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time; 
"Reserved Matter" shall have the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement and 
includes, inter alia, any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the 
currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating 
to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or to amend 
this definition; 
"Reset Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms; 
"Reset Determination Date" means, for each Reset Period, the date as specified in the 
Final Terms falling on or before the commencement of such Reset Period on which the 
rate of interest applying during such Reset Period will be determined; 
"Reset Margin" means the margin specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the first Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date if there is only Reset Period or, if there is more than one 
Reset Period, each period from (and including) one Reset Date (or the first Reset Date) 
to (but excluding) the next Reset Date up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; 
"Reset Rate" for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Reset Reference 
Rate and (ii) the applicable Reset Margin (rounded down to four decimal places, with 
0.00005 being rounded down); 
"Reset Rate Screen Page" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms; 
"Reset Rate Time" has the meaning specified in the Final Terms; 
"Reset Reference Rate" means either; 
(a) 
if "Mid-Swaps" is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid-Swap Rate displayed 
on the Reset Rate Screen Page at or around the Reset Rate Time on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date for such Reset Period; or 
(b) 
if "Reference Bond" is specified in the Final Terms, the annual yield to maturity 
or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant 
Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price; 
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of 
encumbrance or security interest including, without limitation, anything analogous to 
any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction; 
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as Senior Non-Preferred obligations and intended to qualify as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under, and for the purposes of,

--- Page 127 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 127- 
47-41034364 
 
Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking 
Law, as amended from time to time, and any relevant implementing regulation which 
may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority; 
"Senior Notes" means Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Senior 
Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, excludes Senior Non-Preferred Notes); 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM" means the Single Resolution Mechanism established pursuant to Regulation 
(EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"Subordinated Notes" means Notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory 
capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Prudential Regulations for 
Banks and Article 63 of the CRR; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular 
time, any other Person (the "second Person"): 
(i) 
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, 
whether by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove 
members of the governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, or are required to be, in accordance with 
applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, consolidated with 
those of the first Person; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system or any successor thereto; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 System is open for 
the settlement of payments in euro; 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it by (i) the Relevant Authority from time 
to time or (ii) any regulation, directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions 
adopted by the institutions of the European Union from time to time, as applicable; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; and

--- Page 128 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 128- 
47-41034364 
 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders 
are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under 
Condition 15 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any 
other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 15 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such 
expression is not applicable to the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case 
of a Series of Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one 
Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder of 
any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice 
of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such 
holder. 
4. 
Status of Senior Notes 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 4 (Status of Senior Notes) is applicable only to Senior 
Notes. 
(b) 
Status: The Notes and any related Coupons constitute direct, general, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without 
preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, save for any obligations

--- Page 129 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 129- 
47-41034364 
 
ranking junior to the Senior Notes from time to time (including Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and any further obligations permitted by law to rank junior to the Senior Notes 
following the Issue Date), if any. 
(c) 
Waiver: Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right 
of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Notes. 
5. 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) is applicable only 
to Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status: Senior Non-Preferred Notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under, and for the purposes of, 
Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking 
Law, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority), any related Receipts and Coupons constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the 
Issuer, ranking (i) junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by 
provision of law, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including claims arising 
from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, and (ii) 
at least pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other 
present or future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer which do 
not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and (iii) in priority to any subordinated instruments, to any 
present or future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, as amended from time to time, and any 
relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority. 
(c) 
Waiver: Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably 
waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy 
which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such 
Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. 
6. 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Status of Subordinated Notes) is applicable only to 
Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
Status of Subordinated Notes: Subordinated Notes and any related Coupons constitute 
direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and, subject to the 
provisions of this Condition 6, will at all times rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Subordinated

--- Page 130 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 130- 
47-41034364 
 
Notes of such Series will be treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect 
of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such 
Series. In the event of the winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, 
inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa of the Issuer), for so long as the relevant 
Series of Subordinated Notes qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital, the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under each Series of Subordinated Notes, and the relative 
Coupons as the case may be, will rank in right of payment:  
(i) 
after unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and any holder 
of Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of 
the Issuer and creditors of the Issuer in respect of subordinated indebtedness 
which ranks, or is expressed to rank, senior to the Subordinated Notes (including 
any subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as 
own fund items (elementi di fondi propri)); 
(ii) 
at least pari passu with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which 
do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such 
Series of Subordinated Notes, including holders of present or future outstanding 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; and  
(iii) 
in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and any obligations 
ranking, or expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes, including 
Additional Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer (as defined under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations). 
(c) 
Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes: If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes 
do not qualify (or cease to qualify) in their entirety as own funds items (elementi di 
fondi propri), such Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu without any preference 
among the Notes and:  
(i) 
at least pari passu with the Issuer's obligations in respect of any other 
subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own 
funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other subordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer that have such ranking;  
(ii) 
in priority to payments to holders of present or future outstanding indebtedness 
which qualifies, in whole or in part, as own funds items (elementi di fondi 
propri), including Additional Tier 1 Capital (as defined under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations) and Tier 2 Capital; and  
(iii) 
junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or future claims of 
depositors of the Issuer and any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
(including Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(d) 
Waiver: Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives 
any right of set off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated 
Note. 
(e) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 131 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 131- 
47-41034364 
 
7. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if (a) the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable or (b) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, in respect of those periods for which the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are stated to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 14 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment 
of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in 
respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit 
of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a 
"sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in 
the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate 
Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in 
the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
8. 
Reset Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Reset Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the relevant Final Terms specifies the Interest Basis reset on Reset Date as being 
applicable. 
(b) 
Interest Basis reset provisions: The Notes will bear interest in respect of the Reset 
Period (or, if there is more than one Reset Period, each successive Reset Period 
thereafter) at the relevant Reset Rate (to be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date in accordance with this Condition 8) payable, 
subject as provided in Condition 14 (Payments), in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 132 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 132- 
47-41034364 
 
(c) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date to but excluding the Reset Date (or, if there is more than one 
Reset Period, the first Reset Date occurring after the Issue Date), at the Initial Rate of 
Interest payable, subject as provided in Condition 14 (Payments), in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the Final Terms. Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment 
of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 8 (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(d) 
Reset Rate Screen Page: If the Reset Rate Screen Page is not available, the Calculation 
Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reset Reference 
Rate at approximately the Reset Rate Time on the Reset Determination Date in question 
if two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered 
quotations, the Reset Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Reset Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If on any Reset Determination Date 
only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered 
quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Condition 8, the Reset Rate 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date or, in the case of 
the first Reset Determination Date, the Reset Rate shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
(e) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest 
Amount payable on the Reset Notes for each relevant period (in the case of Interest 
Periods falling after the Reset Date, as soon as practicable after the time at which the 
Reset Reference Rate is to be determined in relation to such Reset Interest Period) by 
applying the Initial Rate of Interest or the applicable Reset Rate (as the case may be) to 
the Calculation Amount and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" 
means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, 
means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a Note comprises more than one 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each 
Calculation Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding. 
(f) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Reset Rate and each Interest 
Amount determined by it for each Reset Period, together with the relevant Interest 
Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with 
any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, Paying Agents and each 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable 
after such determination. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount

--- Page 133 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 133- 
47-41034364 
 
(on the basis of the foregoing provisions) in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each 
Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(g) 
Notifications, etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 8 by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject 
as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes. 
9. 
Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if (a) the Floating Rate Note Provisions or 
CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable or (b) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, in respect of those periods for which the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or the CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 14 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment 
of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to 
the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest 
Notes: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is not 
specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;

--- Page 134 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 134- 
47-41034364 
 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at 
that time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks 
for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the 
rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that 
if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an 
arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be 
the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest 
Notes: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each 
of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for 
the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith

--- Page 135 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 135- 
47-41034364 
 
on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its 
absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means 
a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given 
to it in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Pulication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall 
in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.

--- Page 136 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 136- 
47-41034364 
 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest 
Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest 
Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount during such Interest Period and multiplying 
the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a 
Floating Rate Note or CMS Linked Interest Note comprises more than one Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of 
the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any 
other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment 
date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and each competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such 
determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent 
will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If 
the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the 
Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may 
publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note 
having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications, etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 9 by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject 
as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
for such purposes. 
10. 
Benchmark Replacement (Independent Adviser) 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 9 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest 
Note Provisions) and Condition 8 (Reset Rate Note Provisions), if a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined by reference to such 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 10(a)) and, in either

--- Page 137 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 137- 
47-41034364 
 
case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 10(b)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 10(c)).  
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 10 and the Fiscal Agent will not be liable for any 
loss, liability, cost, charge or expense which may arise as a result thereof 
(a) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 10(a)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) 
for the relevant Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 10 in the event of a further Benchmark 
Event affecting the Successor Rate; or  
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 10(a)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for the relevant Interest 
Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 10 in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Alternative Rate 
(b) 
If the Independent Adviser determines (A) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, 
then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be). 
(c) 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 10 and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then 
the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 10(d), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the 
direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential 
amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as the Fiscal Agent may 
be required in order to give effect to this Condition 10). 
(d) 
If (A) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (B) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate, in accordance with this Condition 10, prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or (C) in case the provisions relating to the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Event in case of a Benchmark Event are specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms or the provisions relating to the occurrence of an MREL 
Disqualification Event in case of a Benchmark Event are specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms (as applicable), the provisions under this Condition 10 would

--- Page 138 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 138- 
47-41034364 
 
cause the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or an MREL Disqualification Event (as 
applicable), or (D) in the case of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, the 
provisions under this Condition 10 would result in the Relevant Authority treating an 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date, then the Reference Rate applicable to the relevant Interest 
Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference 
Rate shall be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 10(d) shall apply to the 
relevant Interest Period only. Any subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 10 (Benchmark Replacement (Independent 
Adviser)). 
(e) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 10 will be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in 
accordance with Condition 22 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(f) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) 
be binding on the Issuer, Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders. 
(g) 
As used in this Condition 10: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international 
debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement 
rate for the Reference Rate; or  
(iii) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, 
is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be); or  
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines to be

--- Page 139 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 139- 
47-41034364 
 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 10 is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
period and in the Specified Currency; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(c); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(i) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or  
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its 
use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or 
in respect of the Notes; or 
(iv) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (ii) or (iii) above and the Specified Future Date 
in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public statement, 
the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed to occur until the date falling six months 
prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or

--- Page 140 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 140- 
47-41034364 
 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 
7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) or Condition 9 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest 
Note Provisions), each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and 
Issuer's Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its 
option (any such option, a "Switch Option"), having given notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) on or prior to the relevant Switch Option 
Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate 
or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms 
with effect from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (including different Fixed Rates or Floating Rates in respect of 
Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes respectively) to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective 
Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the 
outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will 
be effective from (and including) the relevant Switch Option Effective Date until the 
Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch 
Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) 
where a Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option 
Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and 
the Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such 
subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option having been notified by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date.

--- Page 141 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 141- 
47-41034364 
 
12. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 12 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the 
Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall 
thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days 
after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that 
there is any subsequent default in payment). 
13. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 13(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes), Condition 
13(h) (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 14 
(Payments). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
(subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to Condition 13(f) (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes) and, in the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
to Condition 13(h) (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)) in 
whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions nor CMS Linked 
Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS 
Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable), 
in each case, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together 
with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
(1) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 15 (Taxation) or (2) for 
Subordinated Notes only, deductibility of interest payable by the Issuer 
in respect of the Subordinated Notes is materially reduced for Italian 
income tax purposes, in each case, as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the laws, regulations or other rules of the

--- Page 142 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 142- 
47-41034364 
 
Republic of Italy or of any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or as a result of any change in, or 
amendment or clarification to, the application or official interpretation 
(or application or interpretation made for the first time) of such laws, 
regulations or other rules (including the publication or pronouncement 
of any decision or interpretation by any court or authority of competent 
jurisdiction, providing for a position with respect to such laws, 
regulations or other rules that differs from the previously generally 
accepted position or otherwise differs from prior written confirmation 
given by a competent authority in respect of tax treatment of the Notes), 
which change, amendment or clarification becomes effective on or after 
the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it, and 
(C) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only if the circumstances under points 
(A) and (B) above have occurred before five years from the issue of the 
relevant Subordinated Notes, the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that such change is material and 
was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date (a "Tax Event"), 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were 
then due; or 
(2) 
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment 
Date, 60 days prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring 
immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would 
be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect 
of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by a legal representative 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem have occurred and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts or will be unable to deduct as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the 
expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 13(b), the Issuer shall – 
subject to Condition 13(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes) and to Condition 13(h) 
(Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) - be bound to redeem 
the Notes in accordance with this Condition 13(b). 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons: 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 13(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons) applies 
only to Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Subordinated 
Notes.

--- Page 143 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 143- 
47-41034364 
 
(ii) 
Redemption: If, at any time the Issuer determines that a Regulatory Event has 
occurred, the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
(subject to Condition 13(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes) below), in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate Note 
nor a CMS Linked Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note 
is either a Floating Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note), on giving not 
less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 22 (Notices) to the Noteholders. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 13(c), 
the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances 
prevail and describe the facts leading thereto, in which event it shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 13(c), the Issuer 
shall – subject to Condition 13(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes) - be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 13(c), at the Early Redemption 
Amount (Regulatory Event) described in the relevant Final Terms, together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may, subject to Condition 13(f) (Redemption 
of Subordinated Notes) and Condition 13(h) (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes), be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part, on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) 
at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 
30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall – subject to 
Condition 13(f) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes) and to Condition 13(h) 
(Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes), - be irrevocable and 
shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified 
in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 13(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent 
approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law and the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 13(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes 
so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or less than the minimum so 
specified. 
(f) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes: Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes in 
accordance with Condition 13(a) (Scheduled redemption), Condition 13(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 13(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), 
Condition 13(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), any purchase in accordance 
with Condition 13(k) (Purchase) and, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in

--- Page 144 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 144- 
47-41034364 
 
accordance with Condition 20 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver), 
shall be subject to compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, 
including, as relevant: 
(i) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in 
accordance with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from 
time to time, where either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as 
applicable), the Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with Own Funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for 
its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority 
that its Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment 
or repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid down in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant 
Authority considers necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the 
extent required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Capital Instruments 
Regulation: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 13(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the 
Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue 
Date; or 
(B) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 13(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons), a Regulatory Event has occurred; or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the 
Issuer replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for income capacity of the Issuer 
and the Relevant Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view 
and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may 
be applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period 
which shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making 
purposes) the Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall 
not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount 
of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may 
be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the outstanding

--- Page 145 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 145- 
47-41034364 
 
aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, 
subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and (B) of sub-paragraph (i) of the 
preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission 
in accordance with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for 
any purposes. 
Amounts that would otherwise be payable on the due date will continue to bear interest 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Subordinated Notes up to that day are received by or on behalf of the Noteholders and 
(ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that 
it has received all sums due in respect of such Subordinated Notes up to such seventh 
day. 
(g) 
Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Any redemption of the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with 
Condition 13(a) (Scheduled redemption), Condition 13(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 13(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 13(i) 
(Issuer Call due to an MREL Disqualification Event), any purchase in accordance with 
Condition 13(k) (Purchases) and, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver), 
shall be subject, to the extent such Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify 
at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements or, in case 
of a redemption pursuant to Condition 13(i) (Issuer Call due to an MREL 
Disqualification Event), qualified as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements before the occurrence of the MREL Disqualification Event, to 
compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including, as relevant, the 
condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in 
accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or Eligible 
Liabilities Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable 
for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that 
the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the relevant notes with Own Funds instruments is 
necessary to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in 
the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable 
from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations.

--- Page 146 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 146- 
47-41034364 
 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period 
which shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making 
purposes) Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined 
amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or 
purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) 
of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission 
in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer 
for any purposes. 
(h) 
Issuer Call due to an MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 13(i) applies only to Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If Issuer Call due to an MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject to the provisions of Condition 
13(h) (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)), having given not 
less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders and the Fiscal Agent in accordance 
with Condition 22 (Notices) (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption) 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding at any time (if the Note is not a 
Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note) or 
on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked 
Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note), if the Issuer determines that an MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 13(i), the Issuer 
shall – subject to Condition 13(h) (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) – be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 
13(i) at the Early Redemption Amount described in the applicable Final Terms, together 
(if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise 
than as provided in Conditions 13(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 13(i) (Issuer Call due 
to an MREL Disqualification Event). 
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note 
at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the

--- Page 147 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 147- 
47-41034364 
 
purposes of this Condition 13(i) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 
30E/360. 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time, including for market 
making purposes, purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, 
provided that: 
(i) 
all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, the purchase of the relevant Subordinated Notes, Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall take 
place subject as provided in Condition 13(f) (Redemption of Subordinated 
Notes) and Condition 13(h) (Redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes). 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes which are so redeemed or purchased and subsequently 
surrendered for cancellation by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and any unmatured 
Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be 
reissued or resold. 
14. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment 
is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that currency (or, if that currency 
is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained 
by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case 
of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 14(h) (Payments other than in 
respect of matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 14(a) 
(Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the 
Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed 
Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the 
Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is 
permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 15 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of that Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder,

--- Page 148 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 148- 
47-41034364 
 
official interpretations thereof or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of 
the missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is 
less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that 
proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for 
payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order 
of maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of 
such missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this 
sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon 
to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; 
and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if 
less, the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal 
due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the 
amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph 
(a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of 
the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 14(f) 
is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early 
redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 13(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 13(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), Condition 13(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 13(g) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders), Condition 13(i) (Issuer Call due to an MREL Disqualification Event), or 
Condition 16 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or 
not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof.

--- Page 149 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 149- 
47-41034364 
 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant 
Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New 
York City if permitted under Condition 13(c) (Payments in New York City)). 
(i) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) attached to the Notes, the Talon attached to such Note may be 
exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for further Coupons, as the case 
may be (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect 
of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 17 (Prescription)). 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
15. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of the Notes 
and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Italy or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding 
or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by 
law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt 
by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of the 
amounts of principal, in the case of Senior Notes not qualifying at such time as 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only (if permitted by the 
Applicable Banking Regulations), and interest, in the case of any Notes, as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that 
no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented 
for payment: 
(i) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having 
some connection with the Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such 
Note or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
by a non-Italian resident entity or individual which is resident for tax purposes 
in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information 
with the Italian tax authorities; or 
(iii) 
by an Italian resident, to the extent that interest is paid to an Italian individual 
or an Italian legal entity not carrying on a business (including, but not limited 
to (A) partnerships, de facto partnerships not carrying on a business and 
professional associations, (B) public and private resident entities, other than 
companies, not carrying on a business, and (C) certain other Persons exempt 
from corporate income tax) or to such other Italian resident entities which have

--- Page 150 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 150- 
47-41034364 
 
been or may be identified by Legislative Decree 239 of 1 April 1996 and related 
regulations of implementation which have been or may subsequently be enacted 
("Decree 239"); or 
(iv) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth in 
Decree 239 have not been met or complied with except where such requirements 
and procedures have not been met or complied with due to the actions or 
omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(v) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant 
holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented 
such Note or Coupon on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than Italy, references in these Conditions to Italy shall be construed as references 
to Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. The Issuer or any Paying Agent shall be entitled 
to make any withholding or deduction but will have no obligation to pay additional 
amounts in respect of the Notes for any such withholding or deduction imposed on or 
with respect to section 1471 through section 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended ("FATCA"), any treaty, intergovernmental agreement, law, 
regulation or other official guidance implementing FATCA, or any agreement between 
the Issuer or any Paying Agent and the United States, Italy or any authority of any of 
the foregoing implementing FATCA. 
16. 
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs: 
(i) 
Winding-up etc: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
winding up, liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the 
purposes of and pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring 
whilst solvent); or 
(ii) 
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of Italy has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraph (i) (Winding up, 
etc.) above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable 
at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further 
action or formality. 
No Event of Default shall occur other than in the context of paragraphs (i) or (ii), above, 
(and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a 
resolution authority in respect of the relevant Issuer shall not constitute an Event of 
Default for the Notes for any purpose). 
17. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for 
payment within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall

--- Page 151 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 151- 
47-41034364 
 
become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years 
of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
18. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the 
Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the 
claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such 
terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
19. 
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with Notes and Coupons, the 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder of any Note or Coupon. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial 
Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to 
appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying 
agents; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer will ensure that they maintain a Paying Agent in an EU member state 
that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European Council 
Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings or any law implementing or 
complying with, or introduced to conform to, such Directive; and 
(iii) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall 
at all times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Paying Agent outside the Republic of 
Italy; and 
(v) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system the rules of 
which require the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the 
Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place 
required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall 
promptly be given to the Noteholders.

--- Page 152 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 152- 
47-41034364 
 
20. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Conditions may not be amended without the prior 
approval of the Relevant Authority (if applicable). The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the 
Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such 
modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in 
writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more Persons holding or representing one more 
than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any 
adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever 
the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved 
Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Noteholders at which one or more Persons holding or representing not less than 
three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly 
passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, 
whether present or not. 
Any such meeting of the Noteholders may be convened at a physical location, or such 
other method (which may include, without limitation, a conference call or video 
conference) as the Issuer may determine in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for 
the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect 
as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained 
in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf 
of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent of 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. The parties to the 
Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not 
agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of 
a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the 
opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. In 
addition, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent may agree to such modification to the Notes, 
Coupons and the Agency Agreement as may be required to give effect to Condition 10 
(Benchmark Replacement) in connection with any Alternative Reference Rate, 
Successor Rate or other related changes or in order to give effect to any modification 
of the Notes pursuant to Condition 20 (c) (Modification of Subordinated Notes 
following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event) and Condition 20 (d) (Modification of 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes following an MREL Disqualification 
Event). Any such modification shall be binding on the holders of the Noteholders and 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 22 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(c) 
Modification of Subordinated Notes following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event: This 
Condition 20(c) applies to Subordinated Notes if Modification or Substitution of 
Subordinated Notes for Regulatory Event or Tax Event is specified in the Final Terms

--- Page 153 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 153- 
47-41034364 
 
as being applicable. If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory Event occurs and/or in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 (Agreement and 
Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may 
vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes, at any time without any requirement for 
consent of the holders of Subordinated Notes, so that the Subordinated Notes are varied 
to, become or remain, the Qualifying Subordinated Notes, subject to having given not 
less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the holders of 
Subordinated Notes and subject to receiving the prior consent from the Relevant 
Authority if and as required therefor under the Applicable Banking Regulations and in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
The holders of Subordinated Notes shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing 
and holding any Subordinated Notes, be deemed to have accepted the modification of 
the terms of Subordinated Notes and to have granted to the Issuer full powers and 
authority to take any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and 
/or on behalf of the holders of Subordinated Notes which is necessary or convenient to 
implement the modification of the terms of Subordinated Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 20(c), "Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means 
securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 
(Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in 
Powers), have the terms not less favourable to the holders of Subordinated 
Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an 
investment bank or financial adviser of international standing, than the terms of 
the Subordinated Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms such that they 
comply with the then-current minimum requirements under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; (B) provide 
for a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have at least 
the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time 
to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same redemption 
rights as the Subordinated Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the 
Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect 
of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the 
date of modification; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited 
credit ratings with the same outlook as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes 
(if rated) immediately prior to modification, unless any downgrade is solely 
attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 (Agreement 
and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power); and (G) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 
(Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in 
Power), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Subordinated Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following 
consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of international 
standing which is independent of the Group, than the terms of the Subordinated 
Notes; 
(ii) 
are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the 
Subordinated Notes were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such 
modification.

--- Page 154 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 154- 
47-41034364 
 
(d) 
Modification of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes following an MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
In addition, if at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and/or in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 (Agreement and 
Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, 
subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required 
from, the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the holders of the relevant Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the holders of the Notes of that Series, 
at any time vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, 
provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem 
the varied securities. 
For the purposes of this Condition 20(d), "Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" 
means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 
(Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in 
Power), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such 
time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the 
Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (C) 
have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those 
from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the 
same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (E) preserve any 
existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date last preceding the date of modification; (F) are assigned (or 
maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation, unless any 
downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 26 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of 
Bail-in Power); and (G) other than in respect of the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 26 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect 
to the Exercise of Bail-in Power), have terms not materially less favourable to 
a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting 
reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser 
of international standing which is independent of the Group, than the terms of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
were listed immediately prior to such variation.

--- Page 155 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 155- 
47-41034364 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 20(d), "Qualifying Senior Notes" means securities 
issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 
(Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in 
Power), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior 
Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Senior 
Notes, and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such 
securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the 
Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a ranking 
at least equal to that of the Senior Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate 
and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the 
Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (E) 
preserve any existing rights under the Senior Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date last preceding the date of modification; (F) are assigned (or 
maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the 
Senior Notes immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is 
solely attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 26 
(Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in 
Power); and (G) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 26 (Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of 
Bail-in Power), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Senior Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation 
with an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing which is 
independent of the Group, than the terms of the Senior Notes; 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation. 
21. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date 
and/or the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
22. 
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language 
daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) 
and, if the Notes which are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of 
that exchange so require, a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or in either case, if such publication is 
not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date 
of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the 
first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any 
notice given to the Noteholders.

--- Page 156 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 156- 
47-41034364 
 
23. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or 
judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency 
(the "first currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such 
order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) 
making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment 
in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand 
of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy 
between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question 
from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at 
which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first 
currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in 
whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall 
give rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
24. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up 
to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), 
(c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded 
upwards. 
25. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by Italian law. 
(b) 
Milan courts: The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating 
to the existence, validity or termination of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes) or the consequences of their nullity. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of Milan are the most appropriate 
and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to 
the contrary. 
26. 
Agreement and Acknowledgment with Respect to the Exercise of Bail-in Power 
(a) 
Recognition of Bail-in

--- Page 157 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 157- 
47-41034364 
 
Notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements, or understandings between the Issuer and any Noteholder, 
by its acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder (which includes each holder of a 
beneficial interest in the Notes), acknowledges and accepts that the Amounts Due 
arising under these Notes may be subject to the exercise of Bail-in Powers by the 
Resolution Authority, and acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority, that 
may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on the Notes into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person (and the issue to or conferral on the Noteholder of such shares, 
securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of the Notes. 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes; 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment 
of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise 
of Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of Amounts Due on the Notes, will become due and payable 
or be paid after the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority if and to 
the extent such amounts have been reduced, converted, cancelled, amended or altered 
as a result of such exercise. 
(c) 
Event of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the 
conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, 
as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Issuer, nor the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with 
respect to the Notes will be an Event of Default or a default for any purpose.  
(d) 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Notes, the Issuer will provide a written notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in Power. The 
Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Fiscal Agent for information 
purposes. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Bail-in Power nor the effects on the Notes described in this 
Condition 26.

--- Page 158 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 158- 
47-41034364 
 
(e) 
Exhaustiveness 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the 
matters described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or 
understandings relating to the application of any Bail-in Power to the Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 26:  
"Amounts Due" are the principal amount of or outstanding amount, together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest, due on the Notes. References to such amounts will include 
amounts that have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the 
exercise of Bail-in Power by the Resolution Authority; 
"Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification or 
suspension power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, 
any law or regulation in effect in Italy, relating to the transposition of Directive 
2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms, including but not limited to the Bail-In Legislation 
and Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 and the instruments, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which: 
(i) 
any obligation of a bank or investment firm or affiliate of a bank or investment 
firm can be reduced, cancelled, modified or converted into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of such entity or any other person (or suspended 
for a temporary period); and 
(ii) 
any right in a contract governing an obligation of a bank or investment firm or 
affiliate of a bank or investment firm may be deemed to have been exercised. 
"Resolution Authority" means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution 
Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to time.

--- Page 159 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 159- 
47-41034364 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, 
duly and completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in 
this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPS Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer 
['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA

--- Page 160 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 160- 
47-41034364 
 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any distributor should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [•] 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. 
 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 52990033C5FUEN4LMC06 
 
Issue of [currency] [amount] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes][Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes] (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 June 2022 [and the supplement to the 
Base Prospectus dated [insert date] [delete if not applicable],] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available 
for viewing at [address] and [website] and copies may be obtained from [address].] The Base 
Prospectus and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[(When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 10 of the Prospectus Regulation).] 
1. 
[(i)] 
[Series Number:] 
[     ] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche Number:] 
 
(if fungible with existing series): 
 
[     ]

--- Page 161 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 161- 
47-41034364 
 
 
[(iii)] [Date on which the Notes 
become fungible] 
 
[Not Applicable/The 
Notes shall be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in 
the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 21 below [which is expected to 
be on or about [•].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – "Specified 
Currency")) 
[     ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[     ] 
 
[(i)] 
[Series:] 
[     ] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche:] 
[     ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date]] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable) 
5. 
(i) 
Specified denominations: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Specified Denomination(s)")) 
[     ] [and integral multiplies of [     ] in 
excess thereof up to and including [     ]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above [     ].] (In the case of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Notes must 
have a minimum denomination of EUR 
150,000 (or equivalent) or, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Notes must have a 
minimum denomination of €200,000 (or 
equivalent)) (or such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law 
from time to time).) 
 
 
(The minimum denomination of Notes 
admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area in 
circumstances 
which 
require 
the 
publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation will be EUR 
100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount of such currency)) 
 
 
(Notes including Notes denominated in 
Sterling, in respect of which the issue 
proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of

--- Page 162 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 162- 
47-41034364 
 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
and which have a maturity of less than one 
year must have a minimum redemption 
value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies).) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Calculation Amount")) 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. If more than 
one Specified Denomination, insert the 
highest common factor. There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – "Issue 
Date")) 
[     ] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Interest Commencement Date")) 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – "Maturity 
Date")) 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in the 
relevant month and year] 
 
 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year 
from the Issue Date and either (a) the issue 
proceeds are received by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or (b) the activity of 
issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must 
have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) 
and 
be 
sold 
only 
to 
"professional investors" or (ii) another 
applicable exemption from section 19 of the 
FSMA must be available.] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
(Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) 
/ Condition 8 (Reset Rate Note Provisions)/ 
Condition 9 (Floating Rate and CMS 
Linked Interest Note Provisions) and 
Condition 12 (Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions)) 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate from [•] to [•], 
then [•] per cent. Fixed Rate from [•] to 
[•]] 
[[EURIBOR] +/- [   ] per cent. per annum 
Floating Rate] 
[CMS Linked Interest]

--- Page 163 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 163- 
47-41034364 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, specify the date when any 
fixed to floating rate or floating to fixed rate 
change occurs or when any fixed to foxed or 
floating to floating rate change occurs or 
cross refer to items 12, 13 and 14 (as 
appropriate) below and identify there) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(N.B. To be completed in addition to items 
12, 13 and 14 (as appropriate) if any fixed 
to floating or fixed reset rate change 
occurs) 
 
(i) Reset Date(s) 
[•] 
 
(ii) Switch Options: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the 
change(s) in Interest Basis and the relevant 
Interest Periods to which the change(s) in 
Interest Basis applies]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. The Issuer must give notice of the 
exercise 
of 
the 
Switch 
Option 
to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
22 (Notices) on or prior to the relevant 
Switch Option Expiry Date) 
 
(iii) 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[•] 
10. Put/Call Options: 
(Condition 13(g) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) or (Condition 13(d), 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) and Condition 
13(e) (Redemption and Purchase – Partial 
redemption)) 
 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
11. Status of the Notes: 
(Condition 4 (Status of Senior Notes), 
Condition 5 (Status of the Senior Non-
[Senior Notes / [Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes]/ Subordinated Notes]]

--- Page 164 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 164- 
47-41034364 
 
Preferred Notes) or Condition 6 (Status of 
Subordinated Notes)) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12. Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable / (if a Change of 
Interest Basis applies): Applicable for the 
period starting from [and including] [•] 
ending on [but excluding] [•])] 
 
(Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
(Condition 7(b) (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions – Accrual of interest)) 
[     ] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] 
in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Interest Payment Date")) 
[     ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Fixed Coupon Amount")) 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if 
different Rates of Interest are specified as 
being applicable in respect of different 
Interest Periods) 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Broken Amount")) 
[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[     ] 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Day Count Fraction")) 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[
Bond Basis]/[30E/360]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/ 
[Eurobond basis] 
13. Reset Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Condition 8(c) (Reset Rate Note 
Provisions – Accrual of interest)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Initial Rate of Interest: 
(Condition 8(c) (Reset Rate Note 
Provisions – Accrual of interest)) 
[    ] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] 
in arrear]

--- Page 165 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 165- 
47-41034364 
 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – "Interest 
Payment Date")) 
[     ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
(iii) Day Count Fraction: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – "Day 
Count Fraction")) 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[360/360]/[
Bond Basis]/[30E/360]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]/ 
[Eurobond basis] 
 
(iv) 
Reset Date(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Reset Rate")) 
[    ] 
 
(v) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate(s) 
and 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Reset Reference Rate")) 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Relevant Financial Centre")) 
Reset Reference Rate: [Mid-
Swaps/Reference Bond] 
 
(vi) Reset Margin: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Reset Margin")) 
[+/-][    ] per cent. per annum 
 
(vii) Reset Rate Screen Page: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Reset Rate Screen Page")) 
[      ] 
 
(viii) Mid-Swap Maturity: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Mid-Swap Maturity")) 
[      ] 
 
(ix) Reset Determination Date: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Reset Determination Date")) 
[       ] 
 
(x) Reset Rate Time 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Reset Rate Time")) 
[       ] 
14. Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (if a Change of 
Interest Basis applies): Applicable for the 
period starting from [and including] [•] 
ending on [but excluding] [•])]

--- Page 166 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 166- 
47-41034364 
 
 
 
(Condition 9 (Floating Rate and CMS 
Linked Interest Note Provisions)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Interest Payment Date")) 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Business Day Convention")) 
[Floating Rate Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii) Specified Period: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions –  "Specified 
Period")) 
[Not Applicable]/[   ] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Additional Business Centre(s)")) 
[Not Applicable/[   ]] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
(Condition 9 (Floating Rate and 
CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions)) 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Calculation Agent")) 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no 
need to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to 
perform this function)] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
(Condition 9 (Floating Rate and 
CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions)) 
 
 
- Reference Rate: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Reference Rate")) 
[EURIBOR/CMS Rate/[      ]] 
 
-  Reference Banks 
[Not Applicable]/[    ]

--- Page 167 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 167- 
47-41034364 
 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Reference Banks")) 
 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Interest Determination Date")) 
[     ] 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference Currency is euro):[Second day on 
which the TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period] 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the 
Reference 
Currency 
is 
other 
than 
euro):[Second [specify type of day] prior to 
the start of each Interest Period] 
 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Relevant Screen Page")) 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01] 
(In the case of CMS Linked Interest Note, 
specify relevant screen page and any 
applicable headings and captions) 
 
- Relevant Time: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Relevant Time")) 
[For example, 11.00 
a.m.[London/Brussels] time] 
 
- Relevant Financial Centre: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Relevant Financial Centre")) 
[For example, London/Euro-zone (where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of 
the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro)] 
 
- [Reference Currency:] 
(only relevant where the CMS 
Rate is the Reference Rate) 
 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Reference Currency")) 
 
[     ] 
 
- [Designated Maturity:] 
(only relevant where the CMS 
Rate is the Reference Rate) 
 
Condition 9(d) (Floating Rate 
and CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions - Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating 
Rate Notes which are CMS 
Linked Interest Notes) 
 
[     ]

--- Page 168 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 168- 
47-41034364 
 
 
(viii) ISDA Determination: 
Condition 9(e) (Floating Rate and 
CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions – ISDA Determination) 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraphs) 
 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
- Floating Rate Option: 
[     ] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be 
selected from one of EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (if 2006 ISDA Definitions apply) 
and 
EUR-EURIBOR 
(if 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions apply) (each as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions). These are the options 
envisaged by the terms and conditions.) 
 
- Designated Maturity: 
[     ] 
 
- Reset Date: 
[     ]/[as specified in the ISDA 
Definitions]/[the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period, subject to adjustment in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (ii) above and as 
specified in the ISDA Definitions] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR or CMS Rate 
based option, the first day of the Interest 
Period) 
 
Benchmarks Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Margin")) 
[+/-][     ] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
Condition 9(f) (Floating Rate and 
CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions – Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest) 
[Not Applicable/[      ] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
Condition 9(f) (Floating Rate and 
CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions – Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest) 
[Not Applicable/[     ] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 169 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 169- 
47-41034364 
 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365]/ 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/ 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/ 
[Eurobond basis] 
 
(xiii) Provisions relating to the 
 
occurrence of an MREL 
 
Disqualification Event in case of 
 
a Benchmark Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) Provisions relating to the 
 
occurrence of a Regulatory 
 
Event in case of a Benchmark 
 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
15. Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 12 (Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Accrual Yield")) 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Reference Price")) 
[     ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 13(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer) and Condition 13(e) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Partial 
redemption) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Optional Redemption Date 
(Call)")) 
 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call)")) 
[     ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 170 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 170- 
47-41034364 
 
 
(iii) 
Redemption in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
– "Minimum Redemption 
Amount")) 
[     ] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
– "Maximum Redemption 
Amount")) 
[     ] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
Condition 13(d) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) and Condition 
13(e) (Redemption and Purchase – 
Partial redemption) 
[     ] 
17. Regulatory Call: 
[Condition 
13(c) 
(Redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons) 
is 
applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Condition 13(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for regulatory 
reasons) 
(Only applicable for Subordinated Notes. If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
18. Put Options: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Condition 13(g) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) 
(Applicable only to Senior Notes/if not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[     ] 
 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Optional Redemption Date 
(Put)")) 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – 
"Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put)")) 
[     ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 171 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 171- 
47-41034364 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
Condition 13(g) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the 
option of Noteholders) 
[     ] 
19. Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation or regulatory 
reasons or on event of default: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions – "Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax)" and "Early 
Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)") 
[Not Applicable (if Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), Early Redemption Amount 
(Regulatory Event) and Early Termination 
Amount are the principal amount of the 
Notes)/ specify [•] per Calculation Amount] 
20. Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
 
(a) Notice period for Condition 13(i) 
(Issuer Call Due to an MREL 
Disqualification Event): 
[Minimum period: [•] days 
Maximum period: [•] days] 
(Please consider that not less than the 
minimum period nor more than maximum 
period of notice has to be sent to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 22 
(Notices), Meetings of the Noteholders) 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the [Fiscal] Agent) 
 
(b) Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption upon the occurrence of an 
MREL Disqualification Event as 
contemplated by Condition 13(i) (Issuer 
Call Due to an MREL Disqualification 
Event): 
[•] per Calculation Amount/[•] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21. Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes on [ ] 
days' notice/at any time/in the limited

--- Page 172 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 172- 
47-41034364 
 
circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note.] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [ ] days' notice.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [ ] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note]. 
 
 
[In relation to any Notes issued with a 
denomination 
of 
EUR 
100,000 
(or 
equivalent) and integral multiples of EUR 
1,000 (or equivalent), the Permanent Global 
Note representing such Notes shall only be 
exchangeable to Definitive Notes in the 
limited circumstances of (1) closure of the 
ICSDs; and (2) default of the Issuer.] 
22. New Global Note Form: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23. Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Business Days: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the place of payment] 
24. Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, insert as follows: 
One Talon in the event that more than 27 
Coupons need to be attached to each 
Definitive Note. On and after the Interest 
Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon comprised in the Coupon sheet may 
be surrendered at the specified office of the 
Paying Agent in exchange for a further 
Coupon sheet. Each Talon shall be deemed 
to mature in the Interest Payment Date on 
which the final Coupon comprised in the 
relevant Coupon sheet matures.] 
25. Modification or Substitution of 
Subordinated Notes for Regulatory 
Event/Tax Event: 
Condition 20(c) (Modification or 
Substitution of Subordinated Notes 
following a Regulatory Event or a Tax 
Event) of Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes or Condition 20(c) 
(Modification of Subordinated Notes 
following a Regulatory Event or a Tax 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] in relation to 
[Regulatory Event/Tax Event]

--- Page 173 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 173- 
47-41034364 
 
Event) of Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes 
26. Modification or Substitution of Senior 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes for 
MREL Disqualification Event: 
Condition 20(d) (Modification or 
Substitution of Senior Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes following an MREL 
Disqualification Event) of Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes or 
Condition 20(c) (Modification of Senior 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
following an MREL Disqualification 
Event) of Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 174 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 174- 
47-41034364 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Luxembourg/other (specify)/None] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/other (specify)] with 
effect from [     ].]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to 
trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses 
of admission to trading: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[DBRS: []] 
 
 
[[Standard & Poor's]: [                  ]] 
 
 
[[Other]: []]] 
 
 
(Insert where the issue has been specifically rated) 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
[The following ratings reflect the ratings allocated to 
the Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally: 
 
 
[[DBRS]: [                  ]] 
 
 
[[Standard & Poor's]: [                  ]] 
 
 
[[Other]: []]] 
 
 
(Insert where the issue has not been specifically rated) 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation and details of whether rating 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and

--- Page 175 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 175- 
47-41034364 
 
registered in the UK or certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation:) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of the 
list of registered credit rating agencies (as of [Insert 
date of most recent list]) on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]  
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the EEA, not registered under 
the CRA Regulation but has applied for registration 
and details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation:) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the [relevant 
competent authority] /[European Securities and 
Markets Authority]. [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] appears 
on the latest update of the list of registered credit

--- Page 176 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 176- 
47-41034364 
 
rating agencies (as of [Insert date of most recent list]) 
on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [Insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
( the "UK CRA Regulation").] /[[ Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the EEA, not registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation and not applied for 
registration and details of whether rating is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established and registered in 
the UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation:) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
is neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK 
CRA Regulation (UK)").] /[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing

--- Page 177 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 177- 
47-41034364 
 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation and details of whether rating 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established and 
registered in the EEA or certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation:) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
( the "UK CRA Regulation"). [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes to be issued 
under the Programme is endorsed by [insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").] [[ Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation.] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is not established in the EEA or the UK but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is

--- Page 178 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 178- 
47-41034364 
 
established and registered under the CRA Regulation 
(EU) AND/OR under the CRA Regulation (UK):) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK but the rating it has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [[insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU 
CRA Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
( the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit agency 
is not established in the EEA or the UK and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the CRA Regulation (EU) 
or the CRA Regulation (UK) but CRA is certified 
under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the 
CRA Regulation (UK):) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK but is certified under [Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][ Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")] 
(Insert the following wording when the relevant credit 
rating agency is neither established in the EEA or the 
UK nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation and relevant rating is not 
endorsed under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation:) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK and is not certified under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has 
given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA and registered

--- Page 179 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 179- 
47-41034364 
 
under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the United Kingdom but is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the United Kingdom 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material 
to the issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied 
by the inclusion of the following statement: 
 
"Save for any fees payable to the [[Joint Lead] Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the issuing of the Notes has an interest material to the 
issuance."] [Amend as appropriate if there are other interests].[The [[Joint 
Lead]Managers/ Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged 
and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business.]  
[4. 
YIELD 
[Fixed Rate Notes only] 
 
[Indication of yield: 
[     ]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 180 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 180- 
47-41034364 
 
[5. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES [Floating Rate Notes and CMS Index Linked 
Interest Notes only] 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS/[•]] rates can be obtained from [Reuters][•] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
 
[Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/specify other] which is provided by 
[ICE Benchmark Administration. European 
Money Markets Institute/specify other]. As 
of 
[ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration. 
European Money Markets Institute/specify 
other], [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) (the 
"BMR"). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [•] does/do] 
not fall within the scope of the BMR by 
virtus of Article 2 of that regulation] / [the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmark Regulation apply], such that [•] 
is 
not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation or registration.]]1 
6. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [(specify source)], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[     ] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[     ] 
 
(iii) 
FISN 
[     ] 
 
(iv) 
CFI Code 
[     ] 
 
(v) 
New Global Note 
intended to be held in a 
manner which would 
[Yes] [No]. 
 
1  
Insert only in case of Notes which reference to a Benchmark, whose administrator has not been disclosed in 
this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 181 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 181- 
47-41034364 
 
allow Eurosystem 
eligibility 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" means that the 
Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
(vi) 
Any clearing system(s) 
other than Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking, 
société anonyme, 
Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not applicable/give name(s), number(s) and 
address(es)] 
 
(vii) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(viii) Names and addresses of 
additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[     ] 
8.  
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
 (i)    Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best

--- Page 182 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 182- 
47-41034364 
 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[     ] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
(vi) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2 / TEFRA [C/D] Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) Prohibition of sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
9. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 
Use of proceeds: 
[General funding purposes] / [•] 
 
Estimated net amount of 
proceeds: 
[•]

--- Page 183 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 183- 
47-41034364 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes under the Programme will be used for the general 
financing purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 184 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 184- 
47-41034364 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, references in the Conditions to "Noteholder" are references to 
the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a 
depositary or a common depositary (in the case of a CGN) or a common safekeeper (in the case 
of an NGN) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing 
system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, common 
safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such 
other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each 
payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights 
arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective 
rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant 
clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the 
Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of 
payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure: 
(a) 
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such 
Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and (in the case of an NGN) effectuated, to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such 
Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in 
the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the 
Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.

--- Page 185 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 185- 
47-41034364 
 
If: 
(a) 
a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof 
increased by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a 
Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global 
Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(b) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the 
forty-fifth day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(c) 
a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in 
accordance with the Conditions or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling 
due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due 
date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note 
or increase the principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or 
at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Temporary 
Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under a deed of covenant dated 1 
June 2022 (the "Deed of Covenant") executed by the Issuer). Under the Deed of Covenant, 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire 
directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, 
immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the holders of 
Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system. 
Definitive Notes will not be printed in respect of an amount of Notes which are less than the 
Minimum Denomination. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and its rules so require, the 
Issuer will give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes 
pursuant to Condition 22 (Notices). 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and, where applicable, with Coupons and Talons attached (if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within 45 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.

--- Page 186 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 186- 
47-41034364 
 
If: 
(a) 
Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the 
forty-fifth day after the bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange 
of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) 
a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Conditions or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred and, in 
either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of (a) above) 
or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer 
of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to 
the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to 
which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became 
void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Definitive Notes will not be printed in respect of an amount of Notes which are less than the 
Minimum Denomination. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and its rules so require, the 
Issuer will give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes 
pursuant to Condition 22 (Notices). 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Conditions as they apply to the 
Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation and (in the case of payment of principal in full 
with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made 
in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that, in respect of a CGN, the payment 
is noted on a schedule thereto and, in respect of an NGN, the payment is entered pro rata in 
the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 13(g) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders), the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, 
within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and Put Option 
Notice, give written notice (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be sent in electronic form) 
of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal amount of Notes in respect of 
which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be

--- Page 187 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 187- 
47-41034364 
 
withdrawn. The exercise of the put option shall be effected via Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in 
Condition 13(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, 
the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the 
Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as 
provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, at their discretion, as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 22 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and 
the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global 
Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, 
notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 22 
(Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system; except that for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is also a requirement of applicable laws or regulations, 
such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Payment Business Day: Notwithstanding the definition of "Payment Business Day" in 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
(or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global 
Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with 
a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system, "Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency 
of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre.

--- Page 188 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 188- 
47-41034364 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
OVERVIEW 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige società per azioni (joint stock company) (the "Issuer" or 
"Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige") is an Italian commercial bank domiciled in Bolzano which 
carries out lending and funding transactions and offers a wide range of retail and commercial 
banking and other financial services to customers in Italy and abroad. The shares of Banca 
Popolare dell'Alto Adige are listed on the regulated market. 
The Issuer provides a wide range of services both to individual and corporate customers, 
including current and savings accounts, call and time deposits, short- and medium- term loans, 
the handling of documentary credit and collection, mutual funds and mortgage credit and 
advice in relation to securities and foreign exchange. 
The Issuer's lending to private clients is concentrated on mortgages and personal loans; 
corporate lending is primarily geared toward small/medium size manufacturing companies 
located in the north-east regions of Italy, in the provinces of Bolzano, Trento, Belluno, Treviso, 
Venice, Vicenza, Padova, Pordenone and Venezia. 
In 2019, the Issuer became the parent company of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige banking 
group (the "Parent Company" and the "Group", respectively) as a result of the acquisition of 
the controlling interest in Voba CB S.r.l., a special purpose vehicle (SPV), a transferee of the 
guarantees for the covered bonds to be issued by Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige according to 
the funding programme provided for in the 2019 – 2023 business plan. See "Description of the 
Issuer – Significant events after the year end – Acquisition of controlling interest in Voba" 
section for further information. 
The Group is subject to the consolidated banking supervision. 
The Issuer is not dependent upon other entities within the Group. The share of Banca Popolare 
dell'Alto Adige is considerably fragmented and owned by approximately 58.000 shareholders. 
INCORPORATION, DURATION AND REGISTERED OFFICE  
The Issuer is incorporated under Italian law as a joint stock company (società per azioni). 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige is one of the "Less Significant Institutions" that are subject to 
the supervision of the national authority: the indicators of size, operational and organisational 
complexity according to the Bank of Italy's classification criteria define the Issuer as an "bank 
intermediary". 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige was established in 1992 following the merger of Banca 
Popolare di Bolzano (founded in 1902) and Banca Popolare di Bressanone (founded in 1889) 
according to Italian law No. 218/1990 (Legge Amato). In 1995, the Issuer acquired Banca 
Popolare di Merano (operating since 1886). On 1 April 2015, Banca Popolare di Marostica was 
merged into Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige. 
The duration of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige has been established until 31 December 2100, 
and may be extended thereafter. 
The Issuer is registered with the Companies Register of Bolzano (Registro imprese di Bolzano) 
under the number 00129730214. It is also registered on the Register of banks (Albo delle 
banche) and the Register of banking groups (Albo dei gruppi bancari), each held by the Bank

--- Page 189 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 189- 
47-41034364 
 
of Italy, under the number 5856 and with the Italian Banking Association (Associazione 
Bancaria Italiana) under the number 05856. 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige's registered office and principal place of business is located in 
Bolzano, Via del Macello 55, Italy, telephone number +39 800 585 600. 
Any other information is available on the Issuer's website www.volksbank.it, does not form 
part of the prospectus. 
OBJECT 
According to its by-laws, the corporate purpose of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige comprises 
deposit-taking and provision of all forms of lending services. To that end, the Issuer is focused 
on expanding its territorial presence through its branch network. 
The Issuer may also, in compliance with all laws and regulations applicable from time to time 
and subject to obtaining the required authorisations, provide all banking and financial services 
(including issuing of bonds) and security brokerage and transactions, including activities of 
mutual benefit, and perform all other transactions instrumental to or in any way related to the 
achievement by the Issuer of its corporate purpose, including transactions that may benefit from 
the "European passport" regime. 
In order to pursue its banking objects, the Issuer may take up membership with associations 
and consortiums and stipulate agreements both in Italy and abroad. 
SHARE CAPITAL  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's issued and fully paid up share capital 
amounts to Euro 201,993,752 divided into 50,498,438 ordinary shares. Shares do not have 
restrictions or privileges of any kind and each share gives to the holder voting rights (one vote 
per share) and equal rights for the payment of dividends and redemption of capital, save for 
2,409,474 own shares held by the Issuer which do not give voting rights or rights for the 
payment of dividends. See "Description of the Issuer – Recent developments – Issue of scrip 
shares" section for further information. 
The shares are issued in dematerialised form on the central depository system in accordance 
with the laws currently in force. 
Starting from 25 September 2017, the Issuer's shares are traded on the Italian market 
Multilateral order-driven Hi-MTF Sim S.p.A which is authorised by Consob. 
Voting rights and limits 
Each share gives the right to one vote. 
Each party entitled to vote may exercise the voting rights without any limitation to the number 
of shares held. 
The right to attend and vote at the shareholders' meetings may also be given to the persons who 
are not shareholders of the Issuer. The by-laws of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige provide for 
the possibility to delegate the right to attend and vote at the shareholders' meeting to a proxy 
appointed by the Board of Directors pursuant to voluntary application of the regulations 
applicable to the listed companies.

--- Page 190 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 190- 
47-41034364 
 
Each proxy may represent up to 200 shareholders. Members of the Board of Directors or the 
Board of Statutory Auditors and employees of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige or one of its 
subsidiaries may not be proxies. 
MANAGEMENT 
The management of the Issuer comprises the Board of Directors, the Board of Statutory 
Auditors and the General Manager. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors (Consiglio di amministrazione) of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige is 
responsible for strategic supervision and oversight of business management and must ensure 
that the risks to which the Issuer is exposed in its business are properly managed. According to 
the Issuer's by-laws, the Board of Directors may consist of a minimum of nine and maximum 
of twelve directors, appointed by the shareholders' meeting for a period not longer than three 
years and may be re-elected. 
The Board of Directors in office at the date of this Base Prospectus is comprised of twelve 
members appointed at an ordinary shareholders' meeting of the Issuer held on 22 April 2020 
for a term of three years expiring on the approval of the financial statements for the year ending 
31 December 2022. 
The Board of Directors is vested with ordinary and extraordinary powers regarding the 
administration of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige, except for those powers reserved 
specifically for the shareholders of the Issuer by Italian laws and the by-laws of Banca Popolare 
dell'Alto Adige. 
The table below sets forth the composition of the Issuer's Board of Directors as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus and the main positions held by the members of the Board outside the 
Issuer. 
Name 
Position 
Main positions held outside Banca 
Popolare dell'Alto Adige 
Ladurner Lukas 
Chairman 
Sole shareholder of LL International S.p.A – 
Tirolo and Executive Director of subsidiary 
companies 
Padovan Giuseppe 
Deputy-chairman 
Senior Partner of Law firm Studio legale 
Plura – Bassano and Vicenza 
Salvà Lorenzo 
Deputy-chairman 
Senior Partner of Law firm Studio legale 
Salvà Mellarini De Carlo – Merano 
Covi David 
Executive Director  
Partner of Tax and Corporate consultancy 
office Hager & Partners – Bolzano 
Dalpiaz Adriano 
Non-executive, 
Independent Director 
CEO of Findal Group S.p.A. – Merano and 
Executive Director of subsidiary companies 
Eisendle 
Maximilian 
Non-executive, 
Independent Director 
Head of Business Development of Eisendle 
S.r.l. – Bolzano 
Jacono Vito 
Non-executive, 
Independent Director 
Senior Partner of Accounting firm Jacono & 
Associati – Jesolo 
Marin Margherita 
Non-executive, 
Independent Director 
 
Senior Partner of Accounting firm Inazienda 
– Bassano and Vicenza

--- Page 191 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 191- 
47-41034364 
 
Name 
Position 
Main positions held outside Banca 
Popolare dell'Alto Adige 
Marini Federico 
Non-executive, 
Independent Director 
 
CEO of ICOS S.p.A. – Ferrara, Bolzano and 
Milan 
Metrangolo 
Alessandro 
Non-executive, 
Independent Director 
 
Lawyer at the Law firm Di Gravio avvocati 
– Milan and Rome 
Peer Johannes 
Non-executive 
 
CEO of Obfinim S.p.A. - Bolzano 
Tauber Margit 
Executive Director 
 
Head of Administration of Rabensteiner 
S.r.l. – Bressanone 
 
The business address of the each member of the Board of Directors is at the Issuer´s registered 
office, in via del Macello 55, I-39100 Bolzano, Italy. 
General Manager 
Pursuant to the by-laws of the Issuer, the General Manager, as the head of the operating 
structure, oversees the implementation of the resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors, 
conducts day-to-day operations and affairs of the Issuer and exercises any other powers 
conferred on him by the Board of Directors. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the General Manager of the Issuer is Mr. Alberto Naef, 
who joined the Issuer in 2020. His business address is at the registered office of the Issuer in 
via del Macello 55, I-39100, Bolzano, Italy. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Under Italian law, the shareholders must appoint a Board of Statutory Auditors (Collegio 
sindacale), to be composed of three standing auditors and two alternate auditors. The Board of 
Statutory Auditors as at the date of this Base Prospectus was appointed at the ordinary and 
extraordinary shareholders' meeting of the Issuer held on 31 March 2022 for a term of three 
years, ending on the date of the shareholders´ meeting called to approve the Issuer´s financial 
statements for the year ending 31 December 2024. 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is responsible for overseeing the management of the Issuer 
and verifying its compliance with applicable Italian laws and its by-laws. It is also responsible 
for ensuring that Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige's organization, internal auditing and 
accounting system are adequate and reliable. The Board of Statutory Auditors is required to 
meet at least on a quarterly basis and is required by law to attend the Board of Directors' 
meetings and the shareholders' meetings. 
The table below sets forth the composition of the Issuer's Board of Statutory Auditors as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus and the main positions held by the members of the Board outside 
the Issuer. 
Name 
Position 
Main positions held outside Banca Popolare 
dell'Alto Adige 
Hesse Georg 
Chairman 
Senior Partner of Certified public accountants 
firm Studio Hesse & Partner – Merano

--- Page 192 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 192- 
47-41034364 
 
Name 
Position 
Main positions held outside Banca Popolare 
dell'Alto Adige 
Standing Auditor of Botzen Invest S.p.A. – 
Bolzano 
Standing Auditor of Central Parking S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of Eisackwerk Rio Pusteria 
S.r.l. – Bolzano 
Sole Auditor of Foppa S.r.l. – Egna 
Sole Auditor of Haas I&S S.r.l. – Ora 
Sole Auditor of Haas S.r.l. – Ora 
Standing Auditor of Roner S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor of Infocloud S.p.A. – 
Bolzano 
Standing Auditor of Infominds S.p.A. – 
Bressanone 
Standing Auditor of Molino Merano S.r.l. – 
Lana 
Standing Auditor of Mondo Lievito Madre 
S.r.l. – Lana 
Chairman board of statutory auditors of Roefix 
S.p.A. – Parcines 
Sole Director of Saelen S.r.l. – Merano 
Managing Partner Risberg sas – Parcines 
Standing Auditor of Karl Pichler S.p.A. – 
Lugano 
Rigo Sabrina 
Standing Auditor 
 
Sole Director and Board Member of Crowe 
Bompani S.p.A. – Padova 
Standing Auditor of Laica S.p.A. – Vicenza 
Standing Auditor of Ritmo S.p.A. – Padova 
Standing Auditor of Rachael S.r.l. – Trieste 
 
Cazzulani Rosella 
Standing Auditor 
 
Consultant and Auditor of Internal control 
systems 
 
Dapoz Nadia 
 
Alternate Auditor 
 
Consultant of Certified public accountants 
firm Studio Hager & Partner – Bolzano, Milan, 
Rome 
Member of the board of directors of Alerion 
Clear Power S.p.A. - Milan 
Standing Auditor of Biomasse Sicilia S.p.A. – 
Terre di Chiesa 
Standing Auditor of Energie S.p.A. – Bolzano 
Standing Auditor of F. Harpf EC. S.r.l. – 
Brunico 
Standing Auditor of G. Harpf Immo S.r.l. – 
Brunico 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of 
Idroeletich Preroman S.p.A. – S.Martino Badia 
Standing Auditor of Progress Macchinari & 
Automazione S.p.A. – Bressanone

--- Page 193 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 193- 
47-41034364 
 
Name 
Position 
Main positions held outside Banca Popolare 
dell'Alto Adige 
Standing Auditor of Ravensburger S.r.l. - 
Milan 
Standing Auditor of Sper S.p.A. - Bolzano 
Standing Auditor of Villa eden Gardone S.p.A. 
- Bolzano 
Lorenzon Emilio 
Alternate Auditor 
Partner of Certified public accountants firm 
Studio Pichler, Dejori, Comploj & Partner – 
Bolzano 
Supervisory Board Member of Dehn Italia 
S.p.A. – Bolzano 
Standing Auditor of APCOA Parking Italia 
S.p.A. – Mantova 
Standing Auditor of Finstral S.p.A. – Renon 
Chairman of the board of statutory auditors of 
JOY TOY S.p.A. – Natz 
Standing Auditor of Liebherr Emtec Italia 
S.p.A. – Bressanone 
Standing Auditor of Pramstrahler S.r.l. - Fié 
Sciliar 
CEO of PSE DUO Holding S.r.l. - Bolzano 
CEO of IT PC II S.r.l. – Bolzano 
Liquidator of IAT Impermeabilizzazioni S.r.l. 
in liquidazione – Bolzano 
The business address of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors is at the Issuer´s 
registered office in via del Macello 55, I-39100 Bolzano, Italy. 
Conflicts of interest 
Transactions with related parties are governed by the CONSOB (Commissione Nazionale per 
le Società e la Borsa) Regulation No. 17221 dated 12 March 2010 (and subsequent 
amendments) ("CONSOB Regulation 17221") and the Bank of Italy's Provisions dated 17 
December 2013 ("Bank of Italy Circular no. 285") on a new oversight framework on risk and 
conflicts of interest with related parties. The regulatory provisions provide that any 
transactions, whether or not made for payment, a bank enters into with a related party (as 
defined by CONSOB in accordance with IAS 24) or with any associated party (which, 
according to the Bank of Italy, includes related parties and parties having connection to related 
parties) should be: 
• 
identified; 
• 
monitored in accordance with specific indices and the Bank of Italy's prudent ratios; 
• 
where appropriate, subject to a special decision making process, and 
• 
notified in compliance with requirements under transparency and accounting rules. 
The special conditions of procedure, transparency and quantity established by the Bank of Italy 
are applicable to related parties transactions and aim to create a system of oversight for 
transactions with related parties that can potentially influence the decision-making process 
when granting financing and when conducting financial negotiations concerning the Issuer

--- Page 194 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 194- 
47-41034364 
 
which may potentially cause damage to the stability of a bank's capital at the expense of the 
deposit holders and its shareholders. Under the regulatory framework, company representatives 
are listed among the parties that could influence the bank's operations. Furthermore, the conflict 
of interest could also arise in the situations where the Issuer has a significant exposure to one 
party or when the Issuer holds a substantial interest in any given company. 
The regulatory framework requires the banks to adopt appropriate procedures designed to 
ensure the oversight of transactions with related or associated parties in accordance with their 
connection with the bank's decision-makers and their relations with each other. 
By the resolutions of 25 October 2010 and most recently of 17 December 2021, as amended, 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer adopted the procedures necessary to ensure compliance 
with Article 2391-bis of the Italian Civil Code, the CONSOB Regulation 17221 and the Bank 
of Italy's Provisions. Any transactions, services or obligations which are or may be deemed 
risky, regardless of whether such transactions, services or obligations are entered into or 
performed for payment, or by a company directly or indirectly controlled by Banca Popolare 
dell'Alto Adige, with related parties or associated parties will have to be monitored and will be 
subject to a special decision making and reporting procedure. When the related or associated 
parties transactions are deemed to be substantial in light of the regulatory provisions, such 
transactions must be accounted for in relation to the relevant related party and a connection 
between the related party and associated parties must be assessed. 
As of 1 January 2012, any financing granted to related parties and parties having connection to 
related parties must not exceed the prudential threshold set forth by the Bank of Italy. 
In light of the Issuer's organisation structure as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following 
persons are considered to be the parties related to Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige: 
(a) 
members of the Board of Directors, members of the Board of Statutory Auditors, the 
General Manager and his substitute; 
(b) 
companies controlled by the Issuer or companies over which the Issuer exercises 
considerable influence or companies under control by a company belonging to the 
banking group of the Issuer. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the following are considered to be parties connected to 
the related parties of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige: 
(a) 
companies controlled by a party related to Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige; 
(b) 
relatives of up to the 2nd degree, spouse (not legally separated) or common-law spouse 
and children of a spouse/common-law spouse of any related party indicated under letter 
(a); 
(c) 
companies, including entities without legal personality, where parties under letters (a) 
and (b) hold direct or indirect control or considerable influence; 
as well as all entitties referred to in IAS 24. 
In 2021, the Issuer did not enter into any atypical transactions with the members of its Board 
of Directors, where such transactions could have a significant effect on the Issuer's assets. All 
transactions with the members of the Board of Directors were related to the ordinary activities

--- Page 195 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 195- 
47-41034364 
 
of the Issuer. Such transactions are regulated in accordance with market standards and with the 
applicable supervisory authority and company regulations. 
The Issuer is not aware of any conflict of interest that exists or may exist between the duties 
owed to it by its directors and their other principal activities outside the Issuer and there are no 
activities performed by the directors of the Issuer outside the Issuer that could be considered 
significant with respect to the Issuer. 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS  
In accordance with applicable Italian laws and regulations, the financial statements of the Issuer 
must be audited by an independent auditing company appointed by a resolution of the Issuer's 
ordinary shareholders' meeting and that such appointment must be approved by the Board of 
Statutory Auditors. 
The independent auditors of the Issuer are KPMG S.p.A. ("KPMG"), with a registered office 
at Via Vittor Pisani 27, 20124 Milan, Italy. KPMG is registered on the Register of certified 
auditors (Registro dei revisori legali) held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance ("MEF") 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010. The shareholders' meeting of Banca 
Popolare dell'Alto Adige appointed KPMG to audit the Issuer's consolidated financial 
statements for the years 2019 – 2027. 
Pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 38 of 28 February 2005 (as amended by Article 1, 
paragraph 1070 of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018), Italian banks are required to prepare, 
starting from annual financial statements as at and for the year ended 31 December 2006, their 
non-consolidated annual financial statements in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards issued by the IASB (International Accounting Standards Board) ("IFRS") 
and as adopted by the European Union. Financial statements of the Issuer prepared before such 
date were prepared in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 87 of 27 January 1992 and with 
the generally accepted accounting principles in Italy issued by the Consiglio Nazionale dei 
Dottori Commercialisti e degli esperti contabili ("Italian GAAP"). 
ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS  
Pursuant to Article 11 of the Issuer's by-laws, the ordinary shareholders' meeting of Banca 
Popolare dell'Alto Adige is called at least once a year within 120 days of the end of the Issuer's 
fiscal year. 
The shareholders' meeting is held in general on a single call. 
The publication of the notice of the shareholders' meeting has to comply with the requirements 
established by law and regulations applicable from time to time. 
The notice of call is published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta 
Ufficiale) or in one of the two national daily newspapers "Il Sole 24 Ore" or "Milano Finanza" 
at least 20 days prior to the date proposed for the shareholders' meeting. 
When held on a single call, the ordinary shareholders' meeting is deemed to be duly constituted 
irrespective of the portion of the share capital represented and the resolutions are passed with 
the favourable vote of the absolute majority of the share capital represented at the meeting. 
Multiple calls are defined by Article 16, paragraph 2 and Article 17, paragraph 2 of the Issuer's 
by-laws.

--- Page 196 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 196- 
47-41034364 
 
The resolutions of the shareholders' meeting are adopted by an open vote. 
FISCAL YEAR  
The fiscal year of the Issuer is the calendar year. 
BRANCHES  
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer had a network of 158 branches located in the Italian north-
east provinces of Bolzano, Trento, Belluno, Treviso, Vicenza, Padova, Pordenone and Venice 
(as compared to 158 branches as at 31 December 2020). 
EQUITY INVESTMENTS  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige is the Parent Company 
of the Group. See "Description of the Issuer - Overview" and "Description of the Issuer – 
Significant events after the year end – Acquisition of controlling interest in Voba" sections for 
further information.

--- Page 197 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 197- 
47-41034364 
 
COMPANIES CONTROLLED BY THE ISSUER  
Company name  
Registered 
Office 
Activity 
Total assets 
Stake 
 
 
 
(euro thousands) 
Voba 
Invest 
S.r.l. 
(in 
liquidation) (*) 
Bolzano 
Private Equity 
2,137 
100,00 
Valpolicella 
Alta 
Societá 
Agricola S.r.l. (*) 
Bolzano 
Vineyards 
cultivation 
2,936 
100,00 
Quartiere Brizzi S.r.l. (*) 
Chienes 
Real 
estate 
development 
company 
8,501 
100,00 
Voba CB S.r.l. 
Conegliano 
Special Purpose 
Vehicle 
61 
60,00 
(*) The figures for the equity investments are derived from the Issuer's financial statements as at and for the year 
ended 31 December 2021. 
RATING  
The rating agencies Standard & Poor's ("S&P"), Fitch Ratings ("Fitch") and DBRS GmbH 
("DBRS" or "DBRS Morningstar") currently assign ratings to the Issuer. 
S&P 
On 19 October 2021, S&P announced that it had affirmed the "BB+" long-term rating of Banca 
Popolare dell'Alto Adige and revised the outlook from "negative" to "stable", which reflects 
the rating agency's view that the bank's asset quality will only moderately deteriorate over the 
next 12-18 months and that the Issuer will preserve its capital position. S&P expects the Issuer 
to benefit from the current economic recovery in the Italian regions of Trentino-Alto Adige 
and Veneto. At the same time, S&P confirmed the "B" creditworthiness rating for the short 
term. 
According to S&P, the Issuer benefits from its good positioning in the Trentino-Alto Adige 
region, which traditionally has had pro-capita GDP higher than the average and lower levels 
of unemployment. Furthermore, S&P also highlighted the Issuer's solid funding profile as a 
further point of strength. 
S&P deems that the Issuer will be capable of maintaining asset quality higher than the average 
of the Italian banking system while preserving its capitalisation and expects that Banca 
Popolare dell'Alto Adige will manage to keep the risk adjusted capital ("RAC") ratio 
comfortably above 5 per cent. over the next 24 months and that credit losses will gradually 
decrease over the next two years, remaining well below the 100 bps per year the rating agency 
expects at the system level.  
S&P would lower the rating if it were to conclude that the bank's asset quality had materially 
deteriorated, likely leading to high credit losses and potentially eroding its capital base. It could 
also lower the rating if it anticipated that the bank's RAC ratio would not exceed 5% over the

--- Page 198 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 198- 
47-41034364 
 
next 12-24 months. Rating improvement could happen if the economic risks the Issuer faces 
had largely diminished and the Issuer builds up sufficient capital to maintain its RAC ratio 
sustainably above 7.0 per cent. 
On 22 October 2021, S&P confirmed Italy's "BBB" rating and revised the outlook to "positive" 
from "stable". 
Fitch 
On 13 April 2022, Fitch Ratings affirmed Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige's Long-Term Issuer 
Default Rating at "BB+" and revised the outlook to "stable" from "negative". 
The revision of the Outlook reflects Fitch's view that risks to the bank's asset quality from the 
pandemic have eased, due to the solid economic recovery of Volksbank's home province of 
Bolzano and strong repayment of loans that were previously under moratoriums. Profitability 
prospects also improved, as fee income rebounded above pre-pandemic levels and loan 
impairment charges started to normalise. The rating takes into account the effectiveness of the 
business 
model 
as 
a 
regional 
bank, 
with 
a 
moderate 
propensity 
to 
risk. 
In the view of Fitch, the Issuer's capital ratios are maintained with satisfactory buffers over 
minimum regulatory requirements. The improvement potential reported by Fitch concerns 
profitability, a more diversified funding and the small size of the bank's equity base. 
On 3 December 2021, Fitch Ratings upgraded Italy's rating to "BBB" with outlook "stable". 
DBRS Morningstar 
On 16 May 2022, DBRS Morningstar confirmed the "Long-Term Deposits Rating" of Banca 
Popolare dell'Alto Adige at "BBB (low)" and revised the trend to "stable" from "negative". 
In DBRS's view, the rating reflects the Bank's stable franchise in its home region of Trentino-
Alto Adige, its stable funding and liquidity position as well as its progress in reducing non-
performing loans (NPLs) and strengthening capital buffers. The rating also takes into account 
the Bank's modest profitability, which is constrained by the low interest rate environment, the 
limited revenue diversification and the modest operating efficiency. 
On 29 October 2021, DBRS confirmed Italy's rating at "BBB (high)" and revised the outlook 
to "stable" from "negative". 
LITIGATION  
In the ordinary course of its business activities as a financial institution, the Issuer is involved 
in various legal proceedings both as claimant and as defendant. Such proceedings are managed 
in accordance with principles of ordinary diligence and care. 
CAPITAL ADEQUACY  
The Bank of Italy has adopted risk-based capital ratios pursuant to the Directive 2013/36/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institution and investment firms 
("CRD IV") and the Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms 
("CRR" and together the "Capital Adequacy Directives"), Italy's current requirements are 
similar to the requirements imposed by the international framework for capital measurement

--- Page 199 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 199- 
47-41034364 
 
and capital standards of banking institutions of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. 
The capital ratios consist of core (Tier 1), which consists of Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1) 
and Additional Tier 1 (AT1), and supplemental (Tier 2) capital requirements relating to Banca 
Popolare dell'Alto Adige's assets and certain off-balance sheet items weighted according to 
risks ("risk-weighted assets"). 
Under the Bank of Italy's regulations, as of 1 January 2022, Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige is 
required to maintain a total capital ratio (the ratio of total capital to total risk-weighted assets) 
of 11.75 per cent (on a non-consolidated basis), which is composed of a binding 9.25 per cent. 
(of which 8 per cent. as a result of the mandatory minimum requirement and 1.25 per cent. as 
a result of additional requirements determined by the SREP outcome) and, for the remaining 
part, as capital conservation buffer component. 
The following table shows the composition of the Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige's Regulatory 
Capital, as established by the Bank of Italy's rules, on a non-consolidated basis as at 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
31/12/2021 
(Audited) 
31/12/2020 
(Audited) 
 
(euro thousands) 
Total Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (CET1) 
801,056 
764,062 
Tier 2 Capital 
130,000 
130,000 
Items for deduction 
47,853 
(52,655) 
Total own funds 
945,725 
901,042 
Capital to cover market risk 
635 
600 
Capital to cover credit and counterparty risk 
376,510 
386,548 
Capital to cover other risks 
0 
0 
Capital to cover operational risk 
38,813 
37,082 
Total prudential requirements 
415,958 
424,230 
Free capital(1) 
529,767 
476,811 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
5,199,484 
5,302,880 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital/Risk-weighted assets (CET1 
capital ratio) 
15.69% 
14.54% 
Tier 1 capital/Risk-weighted assets (Tier 1 capital ratio) 
15.69% 
14.54% 
Total own funds/Risk-weighted assets (Total capital ratio) 
18.19% 
16.99% 
(1) Free capital represents the capital available for investments in fixed assets or equity investments. 
FUNDING  
The following table provides a breakdown of the Issuer's non-consolidated loan portfolio as at 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 according to category of debtor and type of loan: 
 
31/12/2021 
(Audited) 
31/12/2020 
(Audited) 
 
Value 
% 
Value 
% 
 
(euro 
thousands) 
 
(euro 
thousands) 
 
Loans to Banks 
 
 
 
 
Due to central banks 
1,597,646 
13.39 
690,133 
6.68 
Repurchase agreements 
0 
0.00 
0 
0.00 
Current accounts 
0 
0.00 
6,750 
0.07 
Deposits 
50 
0.00 
50 
0.00

--- Page 200 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 200- 
47-41034364 
 
Financing 
0 
0.00 
0 
0.00 
Other 
Debt instruments 
 
49,986 
0.00 
0.42 
0 
22,213 
 
0.22 
Total loans to banks 
1,647,682 
13.81 
719,146 
6.96 
 
Loans to customers 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Current accounts 
810,498 
6.79 
888,573 
8.60 
Repurchase agreements 
0 
0.00 
0 
0.00 
Mortgages 
5,962,810 
49.96 
5,800,559 
56.17 
Credit card and personal loans 
107,149 
0.90 
123,260 
1.19 
Leasing 
0 
0.00 
0 
0.00 
Factoring 
0 
0.00 
0 
0.00 
Other 
504,034 
4.22 
469,028 
4.54 
Structured debt 
22,001 
0.18 
13,387 
0.13 
Other debt securities 
2,880,769 
24.14 
2,313,161 
22.40 
Total loans to customers 
10,287,261 
86.19 
9,607,968 
93.04 
Total loans 
11,934,943 
100.00 
10,327,114 
100.00 
 
LIQUIDITY AND FUNDING RATIOS  
The table below sets forth the liquidity and funding ratios of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige 
as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
 
31/12/2021 
31/12/2020 
 
(euro million) 
Repos 
671.4 
480.3 
Deposits from other banks 
192.5 
226.3 
Other deposits from customers 
218.2 
378.2 
Deposits from government / central banks 
2,476.4 
1,746.5 
Debt securities in issue, trading and FV liabilities 
436.3 
525.0 
Current accounts, demand and time deposits from 
customers 
8,143.3 
7,196.0 
Total 
12,138.1 
10,552.4 
LCR  
235% 
229% 
NSFR  
1.37 
1.27 
 
NON-PERFORMING LOANS  
The following table sets out non-consolidated information on the Issuer's non-performing loans 
(where the borrower is insolvent or in a comparable position, regardless of any forecast or 
actual losses, excluding off-balance sheet exposure) as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020: 
 
31/12/2021 
(Audited) 
31/12/2020 
(Audited) 
 
Value 
Value 
 
(euro thousands) 
(euro thousands) 
Non-performing loans, nominal 
448,001 
491,081

--- Page 201 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 201- 
47-41034364 
 
Provisions 
(242,064) 
(273,342) 
Non-performing loans, net 
205,937 
217,739 
 
LOAN LOSSES AND PROVISIONS  
The following table sets out non-consolidated information on the Issuer's loan losses and 
provisions as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 (excluding off-balance sheet 
exposure): 
 
31/12/2021 
(Audited) 
31/12/2020 
(Audited) 
 
(euro thousands) 
Total loans to customers, net exposure 
7,384,492 
7,281,420 
Write-downs effected against loans and 
allocations for guarantees and commitments 
88,849 
72,966 
Total provision for loan losses 
330,913 
346,308 
Write-downs as percentage of loans to 
customers(*) 
1.15% 
0.96% 
Total provision for loan losses as percentage 
of loans to customers (*) 
4.29% 
4.54% 
(*) For the purpose of calculating the ratio, loans to customers include the total provision for loan losses. 
OFF BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURE  
The following table sets out non-consolidated information regarding the Issuer's off balance 
sheet exposure as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
 
31/12/2021 
(Audited) 
Value 
31/12/2020 
(Audited) 
Value 
 
 (euro thousands) 
Impaired off balance sheet exposure, nominal 
20,832 
20,889 
Other off balance sheet exposure, nominal 
3,496,602 
3,246,754 
Portfolio adjustments 
0 
0 
Impaired off balance sheet exposure, net 
15,412 
17,307 
Other off balance sheet exposure, net 
3,494,392 
3,244,226 
 
STRATEGY  
In December 2020, the Board of Directors of the Issuer approved the new Strategic Plan 
"Sustainable 2021-2023". In the second quarter of 2021, the plan was updated from a 
quantitative perspective on the basis of the new macroeconomic and sectoral scenarios (based 
on conservative and realistic assumptions). 
The Strategic Plan "Sustainable 2023" of the Issuer is based on 7 pillars. It is geared towards 
autonomous growth and sustainable development of the Issuer in the North East of Italy. The 
Issuer continues to be a clear point of reference in the region and, with the new plan, aims to 
further increase market share and the number of customers. Supporting customers' financial

--- Page 202 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 202- 
47-41034364 
 
needs is based on excellence and speed of service, as well as on a renewed and expanded range 
of products and services, also from a digital point of view. 
Vision for the Issuer in 3-5 years:  
- 
sustainable bank, focused on retail and SME segments, with excellence in customer 
relations, relevant in the north eastern region of Italy; 
- 
facilitator of transformation for community economies. 
 
Strategic focus of the 7 pillars: 
• Virtuous growth of volumes & customers:  
o Commercial strategy: greater diversification between historical market and 
acquisition market:  
 historical market: generalist bank with customer centric approach 
 acquisition markets: more selective "product based" policies to grow 
faster 
o Product boost: 
 confirmation of "first home mortgage" as anchor product 
 relaunch of asset management with a differentiated model of 3 
advisory levels 
 confirmation and acceleration of bancassurance strategy 
 new strategy on personal finance and salary-backed loans to boost 
commissions (new partnership and strong commercial drive) 
o Credit strategy:  
 stronger focus on loans with state guarantees (RWA optimisation) and 
subsidised loans 
 preference for loans with strong territorial connection 
 preference for loans linked to sustainable investments (ESG) 
 confirmation and further development of sectoral specialisations (e.g. 
manufacturing, tourism, agriculture) 
 
• Digital native omnichannel: 
o Innovation in proposing customer services: strong focus on "remote signature", 
Digital onboarding, off-site offer (customer advisor in mobility)  
o Digitisation of the operating procedures for the sale and management of 
products/services 
o Confirmation of the strategy to physically be present into the territory through 
the branches, in a variety of formats (hub, spoke, light, specialized) 
o Greater focus of the commercial network on value-added activities of a 
consultative nature 
o Investments in factors enabling advanced customer management, data 
governance, CRM, campaign management 
o Payments: implementation of the optimisation projects "Issuing" & "Acquiring" 
• Sustainability: 
o Culture: changing the attitudes of the Bank's employees and awareness of 
sustainability issues with a positive impact on the quality of life in the company 
o Lending: disbursement of approximately €1bn in green home loans (when fully 
implemented) and in loans to companies with high ESG rating  
o Funding: Adoption of a sustainable-friendly approach with issuing a green 
bond

--- Page 203 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 203- 
47-41034364 
 
o Managed deposits: Objective of achieving 80% of new subscriptions of funds 
rated MSCI ≥ A and 35% of the stock with an MSCI rating ≥ AA 
o Implementation of SRI investment strategies for the Bank's securities portfolio 
o "Carbon neutrality" as target with a variety of initiatives; paperless & plastic 
free policies 
 
• Asset quality and "capital light" banking: 
o Continuation of deleveraging activities and reduction of the cost of risk through 
the disposal of NPL portfolios 
o "Capital light banking":  
 optimisation of capital absorption by actively managing the risk profile 
 Full exploitation of SME supporting factor and RWA optimisation on 
personal finance 
 Increase of state guarantees of unsecured loans 
o Revision of the process of granting credit to private and corporate customers 
• Process efficiency: 
o Digitisation focus of the core IT-processes: (i) Loans (i.e. review of the rating 
system, review of origination processes, etc.); (ii) Transactional (i.e. simplified 
sale of basic products); (iii) Investments (i.e. administration of the MIFID 
questionnaire). 
o IT-System: renegotiation of the main IT outsourcer with the goal of a significant 
cost saving and new implementation approach (co-creation & cost sharing) 
o Cost management: reduction of the "other administrative expenses" with a 
stronger re-negotiation approach (i.e. less cost owners, single buyer);  
o New service model: characterized by a lower degree of organizational 
complexity and simplification of interactions between the customer and the 
Bank 
• Management & Risk Control System 
o Credit risk: new process of credit monitoring and early warning system;  
further development of the rating system - Human Capital: 
o Review of the Internal Control System, with the aim of equipping the Issuer with 
more effective and automated detection systems  
o AML: Revision of the current anti-money laundering process in relation to both 
the operational profile and the new clients that will be acquired  
o MIFID: new profiling process of the Bank's customers 
 
• Human Capital (HR) 
o Skills development / training:  
 preparation of standard and customised training plans and 
identification of internal tutors 
 Constant training focus on consultancy and sales, developing specialist 
skills, and strengthening soft skills. 
 Preparation of managerial programmes aimed at developing problem-
solving and decision-making capacities 
 Programmes aimed at improving the strategic vision and mindset of the 
bank 
o Talent management: mechanisms for job retention, employer branding (i.e. job 
rotation, advanced training) and career paths

--- Page 204 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 204- 
47-41034364 
 
CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT AND RECOVERY POLICIES  
Organisational issues 
Credit risk is the risk of incurring losses due to a default by counterparty or the risk that a debtor 
or counterparty fails to meet its financial obligations (more in particular, failure to make a full 
repayment of loans). This is one of the main risks that the Issuer faces. The risk affects all 
financial activities of the Issuer, in particular loans, securities, and all committed facilities in 
relation to guarantees issued or funding for distribution commitments. The analysis and 
assessment of credit risk mainly involves the quality and reliability of debtors and risk 
concentration. 
Under the Issuer's internal rules and procedures on credit management, risk assessment is based 
on the principles of prudence. The full documentation that is required for an appropriate 
assessment of a debtor's creditworthiness is obtained at the time when a loan application is 
made. The documentation obtained must permit an assessment of the appropriate level of the 
amount and type of the loan as well as the project for which the loans is required. It must also 
permit a determination of the debtor's characteristics and qualities, taking into consideration of 
the dealings the debtor has and/or had with Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige in the past, taken 
as a whole. 
Pursuant to Title IV, Chapter 5 of the Supervisory Instructions (Istruzioni di Vigilanza) of the 
Bank of Italy, where there are connections of a legal or financial nature between customers of 
the Issuer, such customers are to be grouped together in terms of the risk they represent as a 
group (an economic group or a risk group). 
At the time a loan is granted or renewed, there is an obligation to examine the current risks the 
applicant represents to the Issuer, and that of any group with which such applicant is connected. 
When customer risk increases, the aim of credit management is to contain the Issuer's risk by 
promptly implementing all such measures that may be necessary or required. 
In order to maintain correct and prudent credit management, in accordance with the 
Supervisory Instructions (Title IV, Chapter 11, Section II), Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige has 
introduced appropriate systems for the identification, measurement and control of risks. In 
addition, a well-structured internal framework, which is regularly checked to ensure its 
efficiency, is in place to clearly define activities, roles and responsibilities of relevant persons 
at the Issuer during all phases of the loan process and to ensure the necessary separation 
between operational and control functions. 
These controls form an integral part of the Issuer's daily activities and can be divided into the 
following three categories: 
• 
line controls: carried out by the management of the organisational unit of the retail 
network (in particular, through limit excess and unpaid instalment verification 
performed by branches by means of special procedures and periodic progress report 
analysis) and by services functionally dependent on the credit management department 
(offices responsible for credit assessment and the anomalous loans analysis department); 
• 
special monitoring: carried out by the second level independent audit offices, i.e. risk 
management and compliance. The risk management office is in charge of carefully 
monitoring credit risk by seeking to establish methods for measuring risk, ensuring that

--- Page 205 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 205- 
47-41034364 
 
limits imposed are strictly complied with and that transactions are carried out 
consistently. The compliance office is responsible for ensuring that internal procedures 
are consistent with the aim of preventing violations of laws and regulations and/or 
internal regulations adopted by Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige; 
• 
audits: performed by the internal audit department as part of its on-site and remote 
auditing duties, for the purpose of verifying credit quality, the accuracy of procedures, 
and well informed decision-making by the relevant departments responsible for 
allocating and managing credit. 
Management, measurement and monitoring systems 
The lending process has the following structure: 
• 
granting of a loan, which comprises: application, review, approval, completion of loan 
and any security to be provided; 
• 
credit management, which comprises: drawings, monitoring, loan reviews, irregular 
loan management; and 
• 
management of non-performing loans and credit recovery. 
The first and most important stage in measuring and managing credit risk takes place at the 
time the loan is granted and, in particular, during initial application process, when the persons 
involved are identified, the documentation is gathered and reviewed, the various databases 
consulted and the offer drawn up. 
The application procedure is supported by different forms of information technology and 
different skilled personnel structures depending on the kind of customer involved (private 
individuals, small businesses or corporate clients). In any case, the decision whether to grant 
the loan is made by the branch or local area if the sums do not exceed certain thresholds and 
by the Issuer's central bodies when amounts of the loan exceed the predefined thresholds; 
information technology is used to make an assessment of creditworthiness of the applicant at 
the time new loans are granted using both internal and external information sources. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Board of Directors retains full discretion with regard to the 
risks that may be accepted; the Chairman has certain powers reserved to him by the Issuer's 
by-laws and the Executive Committee is vested with certain powers to address the urgent 
matters. The maximum credit limit that can be agreed for a business group, individual 
counterparty that is not a bank or a member of a banking group is established as 10 per cent. 
of the Own Funds ("Fondi Propri") (€945.7 million as at 31 December 2021). 
Among the credit risk monitoring and management tasks, the internal rating system is 
particularly important as it allows credit managers to verify developments in customer credit 
ratings and identify positions under their control that show a reduction in the rating. This 
system is based on a scoring system which gives the customer a ranking based on a sliding 
scale of credit quality. Its calculation is based on performance indicators regarding the loan and 
various information from the Issuer's computer systems which enable any variation in the level 
of risk associated with the counterparty to be detected. The data management by the internal 
rating system is subject to constant analysis and verification by the Risk Management Office, 
particularly to measure and verify the system's predictive capacity for all customer types by 
means of appropriate statistical approaches.

--- Page 206 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 206- 
47-41034364 
 
The process to monitor credit is also guaranteed over the long-term by an automatic 
classification system for irregular positions (GDC, Credit Management), which uses an early 
warning engine to detect any substandard situations, starting from the performance rating and 
a series of daily indicators. In addition to the usual risk classes for impaired credit established 
by the supervisory body (past-due, unlikely-to-pay, forborne and doubtful loans), the system 
also provides three classes for performing customers: 
• 
loans under observation are those that show minor and/or repeated irregularities. 
Network managers are in charge of managing and monitoring such loans; 
• 
medium risk loans are loans that continuously and repeatedly show performance-type 
irregularities (credit limit exceeded, instalments in arrears, high percentage of overdue 
bills, etc.), in the risk centre (reduction in notifying banks, short-term loan consolidation) 
or in the financial statements and for which payment is expected within 12 months after 
qualitative and quantitative processing of the loan; 
• 
high risk loans are loans with significant overdrafts / arrears of more than 30 days (pre 
past due), with particular events that have occurred, with a significant increase in credit 
risk, but without further risk of insolvency and / or without risk of loss and where a 
regularization / normalization within 12 months through a qualitative and quantitative 
reworking of the position. 
Deteriorated financial activities 
Loans exhibiting particularly serious negative signs or events are classified as impaired, and in 
turn allocated to one of the following categories according to level of impairment: 
• 
doubtful loans: payments due from bankrupt entities, even if bankruptcy has not yet 
been officially confirmed, or those entities that are in essentially equivalent position, 
are classified as doubtful; as a result of such classification legal or other action is taken 
to settle or recover the exposure; 
• 
unlikely-to-pay loans: loans which demonstrate ongoing irregularities in performance 
(persistent overdrafts, instalments in arrears, zero movement, etc.), system-
related/Bank of Italy's Central Credit Bureau (doubtful loans reported by the banking 
system without adequate justification), negative information (property actions, 
injunction orders, seizure, mortgage foreclosure, etc.), drastic deterioration in the 
financial and/or profitability or financial statements position, lack of funds for 
reimbursement, from which it could be presumed that the debtor is in real difficulty, 
also with the risk of insolvency, that could however be recovered in a reasonable period 
of time. Also under this category are all the positions which the Issuer considers it 
recommendable to allocate funds to a provision for risks (loss forecast); 
• 
forborne: loans due from borrowers experiencing financial difficulty in meeting their 
financial commitments and for which the Issuer, in accordance with the regulatory 
provisions, grants concessions (such as restructuring of debt, extending the loan term, 
suspension of instalments/principal portions, reducing the interest rate or relevant fees 
payable on the loan, etc.). This category may cover exposures of performing 
(performing exposures with forbearance measures) and non-performing (non-
performing exposures with forbearance measures) status;

--- Page 207 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 207- 
47-41034364 
 
• 
past due: positions the payment on which, in accordance with the Bank of Italy's 
Circular No. 285 dated 17 December 2013 (as amended) remains due and payable for 
more than 90 continuous days and where the exposure is higher than 1 per cent. of the 
overall exposure in the observation period. 
Alongside the sales network impaired credit not classified as doubtful debt is also monitored 
by the Anomalous Loans Analysis Service with the aim of insolvency prevention. 
Specifically, the steps to be taken for positions included in the watch list are as follows: 
• 
immediate review of the position and any related positions (guarantor, affiliated, partner, 
associated companies), updating the relevant documentation and any estimates on 
guarantees granted; 
• 
review of the relevant terms in order to assess the debtor's deteriorated risk profile; 
• 
verification of the quality and total amount of guarantees issued; 
• 
setting-up of a restructuring plan with the aim of turning around the position and 
improving guarantees through the definition of a detailed recovery plan submitted to 
the appropriate internal body for decision. 
The Issuer's management of doubtful loans and credit collection is handled by the Doubtful 
Loans Service, a department which for the purpose of taking legal actions resorts to specialist 
internal department and a dedicated IT procedure for accounting procedures. 
Debt collection activity is a proactive process and aims to optimize legal proceedings and 
maximize the financial end result. In particular, with regard to assessment of the initiatives to 
be taken, in-house legal advisors give preference to out-of-court procedures, often with 
recourse to settlement agreements, which have a positive impact on collection times and the 
level of costs. Where out-of-court settlements cannot be carried out in a reasonable timeframe, 
especially for more significant positions and positions in which a higher level of collection can 
be expected, external legal advisors are appointed to commence legal actions which always 
constitutes a valid and fundamental coercive means to the debtor and a tool to resolve litigation. 
Credit that is minimal, irrecoverable or difficult to collect is generally treated en-masse and 
become subject of disposal transactions without recourse, given that legal action would be 
considered uneconomic in cost-benefit terms, or is assigned to a specialist credit collection 
company. 
For the financial statements the value adjustments for performing and impaired loans are 
calculated according to current regulatory provisions and in such a way so as to obtain a 
valuation that is as prudent and as conservative as possible. In particular, unlikely-to-pay 
positions with exposures above Euro 100,000 and all the doubtful loans are subject to analytical 
assessment that is aimed to define provisions for expected losses. For each position, and for 
each relationship within the position, the extent of the expected loss is analytically calculated 
on the basis of debtor solvency, the type of guarantee, the current status of proceedings taken 
and, above all, on the value of the guarantees. The estimates are always calculated using 
maximum prudence criteria and performed or validated by qualified internal personnel, 
organizationally independent of the credit disbursement/assessment/collection processes. In 
addition, these always take into account the need to sell the asset immediately and, according 
to IFRS 9, are subject to cash discounting criteria.

--- Page 208 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 208- 
47-41034364 
 
The correct implementation of doubtful loans management and assessment activity is 
furthermore ensured by periodic audits performed through the internal auditing processes, and 
externally by the Board of Statutory Auditors and independent auditors. 
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT  
Market risk is defined as the risk of loss on owned financial instruments from possible 
fluctuations in financial market variables (rates, volatility, exchange rates, share prices), 
considering that each individual financial instrument may be exposed to one or more of these 
risks. Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige, therefore, defines market risk as changes in the value of 
instruments due to market fluctuations. 
The internal market risk control and management processes (interest rate and pricing) are 
contained in the "Investment Policy" and the "Policy on operational limits and powers for 
finance and liquidity" documents. Both documents are subject to periodic review and 
consideration by the Board of Directors of the Issuer. 
The policy formalizes the performance of risk management activities concerning market risks, 
defines the tasks and responsibilities assigned to the various organizational units having 
expertise on the matter and specifies, among other things, the main operating processes, the 
methods of measurement, the exposure limits, the information flows and corrective measures. 
The investments and trading activity is, therefore, performed in conformity with the internal 
policy and is carried out within a structured internal regulatory system of delegations of 
management powers which provides for operational limitations defined in terms of negotiable 
financial instruments, amounts, duration, investment markets, issue and issuer types, sector and 
rating. 
Risk monitoring is carried out by the Risk Management Office, which produces daily and 
monthly reports subject to scrutiny by the Finance Committee, on a monthly basis. The Finance 
Committee sets the risk management policy in the context of the strategy contained in the 
annual Operating Plan. 
With regard to the processes and methods of market risk monitoring and management, the 
indicators monitored and their related limits are provided below, together with the first and 
second level control processes on overall trading portfolio transactions. In general, the limits 
are classified according to the various types of market risk (interest rate and price), but are in 
any event managed within a single framework based on similar logic. 
The authorization structure for finance operations is based on the four levels: 
• 
operating limits; 
• 
position limits: credit risk and concentration; 
• 
stop-loss limits, and 
• 
Value-at-Risk (VaR) limits. 
The above represent the thresholds at which the limits are set at the beginning of each financial 
year by a resolution of the Issuer's Board of Directors.

--- Page 209 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 209- 
47-41034364 
 
The finance division determines, by agreement with the risk management division, the terms 
and limits for the assumption of risks in operating terms, for all those units that incur market 
risks. 
Responsibility for daily checks on operating, position and stop-loss limits rests with the risk 
management function. 
VaR represents an estimate of the maximum potential loss of a portfolio of securities in 
unfavourable market conditions. The compliance of risk profiles with the limits set in terms of 
VaR is ensured by the daily monitoring performed by the Risk Management Office. 
LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT  
Liquidity risk is the risk that Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige might not be able to meet its 
payment obligations when due, which would compromise day-to-day operations or the 
financial situation of the Issuer. 
Liquidity risk management is described in the document "Liquidity and Funding Policy", which 
is reviewed and approved annually by the Board of Directors of the Issuer. The policy defines: 
• 
the organisational model, that assigns roles and responsibilities to the offices involved 
in the liquidity management and control process; 
• 
policies for managing operational and structural liquidity, indicating the models and 
metrics used to assess, monitor and control liquidity risk and for performing stress tests; 
• 
Contingency Funding Plan (CFP), which provides the organisational processes and 
interventions undertaken to restore standard conditions in liquidity management in 
addition to providing a description of indicators to determine any critical situations. 
In particular, the policy concerns the provisions on the governance and management of 
liquidity risk contained in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended. 
The rules and regulations are based on the principle that an adequate liquidity risk governance 
and management system integrated with the overall risk management system, is fundamental 
for maintaining the stability of individual banks and the market. This includes rules on matters 
of organisation and internal controls, as well as the adoption of precise management 
instruments and public disclosure obligations, which although proportional to the operational 
size, organisational complexity and type of the activities performed by the individual banks, 
require a significant commitment on their part. 
The management of liquidity risk is allocated to the Treasury Office, which operates under the 
direct management of the Finance Department. However, the definition and control of 
compliance with operational limits lies with the Risk Management Office. General 
Management is responsible for governance over liquidity, both as regards compliance with the 
limits defined and as regards tactical and structural funding strategies. In the event of liquidity 
emergencies, General Management is also responsible for activation, management, and 
coordination of the Issuer's Contingency Funding Plan. 
An essential element is the distinction between short-term operational liquidity (under 12 
months) and medium/long-term structural liquidity (over 12 months). The former addresses 
unexpected critical situations due to specific shocks in the Issuer or the market; the latter, meets 
the need to ensure optimal management from a strategic standpoint, transformation of

--- Page 210 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 210- 
47-41034364 
 
maturities between funding and loans, by balancing asset and liability maturities in order to 
prevent any future crises in liquidity. 
The containment of exposure to liquidity risk is pursued primarily through a structured set of 
guidelines, operational decisions, and organisational control. 
Measurement and control of operational liquidity and structural liquidity were defined by 
means of a system of indicators, limits, and reports, including daily. In particular, a maturity 
ladder was prepared, which is a system that monitors net financial position that reports the 
balances and therefore the imbalances between expected inflows and outflows over predefined 
time bands and, through the formation of cumulative imbalances, calculates the net financial 
requirement (or surplus) in the time horizon considered. The Issuer uses the Liquidity at Risk 
(LaR) model in order to measure its liquidity risk; this is based on observing the "independent" 
negative net flows of liquidity – taking into consideration the historical series– applying the 
Extreme Value Theory, which allows accuracy to be improved for high confidence levels. More 
in particular, the following daily balances are used: withdrawable reserve at the Bank of Italy, 
inter-bank deposits, bond issues, securitisations, movement of securities owned, and 
extraordinary flows. The data is processed to determine the daily cash flow linked solely to 
decisions not under the direct control of the Issuer (Treasury Office) and so resulting from 
customer conduct. The 3 confidence levels in question should represent the Issuer's liquidity 
needs under normal conditions (up to the LaR value at 99% confidence), stress (up to 99.9%) 
and critical (up to 99.99%) at 1 day, 1 week (5 business days), 2 weeks (10 business days) and 
at one month (20 business days). 
Other fundamental liquidity risk management functions relate to a stress test program aimed at 
evaluating the Issuer's vulnerability to exceptional but plausible events. In particular, stress 
testing is performed in terms of scenario analyses, consistent with the definition of liquidity 
risk adopted and attempting to simulate the behaviour of the Issuer's cash flow under 
unfavourable conditions, making subjective assumptions based on the Issuer's experience 
and/or instructions provided by supervisory regulations and guidelines. 
On the base of Regulation (EU) 2019/876, the Issuer periodically reports to the competent 
authority the regulatory liquidity metrics (LCR, AMM, NSFR).  
Moreover, the organisational layout of the structures and functions responsible for managing 
liquidity and the related controls and contingency plans to be implemented in times of stress or 
crisis (CFP, Contingency Funding Plan) are clearly defined in the policy; a contingency is 
declared when there is problematic progression in a predefined series of external and internal 
factors. 
Finally, starting from 2011, the Issuer defined a "Policy on the Internal Transfer Price System" 
(TIT). 
OPERATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT  
In line with the supervisory provisions, operational risk is defined as the risk of incurring losses 
due to errors, violations, interruptions, exogenous events or damages deriving from 
malfunctions in the internal processes or the unsuitability of people and/or systems. Operational 
risks include, among other things, the ensuing losses from theft and fraud, human errors, 
interruptions of operations, the unavailability of systems, executions of transactions, breaches 
of contract, data processing, damage to real property, and natural catastrophes.

--- Page 211 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 211- 
47-41034364 
 
These risks are monitored, within the scope of the Internal Control System, by all internal 
control departments of the Issuer (Internal Audit, Compliance and Risk Management) in 
accordance with the following guidelines: 
• 
prevention of occurrence or reduction of the probability of events occurring that could 
potentially generate operating losses, through the appropriate legal, organisational, 
procedural and training measures; 
• 
mitigation of expected effects of such events; 
• 
enhancement of the overall operational efficiency; 
• 
protection of the Issuer's reputation and image. 
Monitoring and management of operational risk are not only aimed at obtaining theoretical 
benefits in respect of asset requirements, but also at achieving an effective understanding at all 
levels of the potential risks inherent in the Issuer's daily activities and to take all necessary 
steps to effectively mitigate and reduce such risks. 
Within the Internal Control System, the monitoring of operational risks is guaranteed by 
adoption of an integrated control model, which, along with the supervisory provisions, is 
organized into three levels, with each level governing the specific aspects related to its role, 
the business functions in charge of line control (or first level control) and the Issuer's control 
departments in charge of second level control (Risk management and Compliance) and the 
third level (Internal Audit). 
The results of the monitoring and control are discussed on a regular basis and evaluated within 
the scope of the Internal Control Committee, comprising all Issuer's departments, and which, 
among other things, is in charge of establishing priorities and coordinating the control 
activities. 
In addition, monitoring of the operational risks uses the results from the monitoring and 
analyses of operating losses contained in the periodic report drawn up by the risk management 
department and related discussions by the Internal Control Committee. 
Since 2003, the Issuer has used a system for detecting and measuring operational losses with 
the purpose of improving management of potential sources of risk that could undermine Issuer 
stability. This system, employed by the Issuer, follows a similar initiative applied on a national 
scale by the Italian Banking Association (ABI). With the DIPO project (Italian database of 
operational losses) ABI is attempting to inform banks on how to implement these procedures 
and create a national databank that would allow banks to obtain more extensive and meaningful 
statistical data. 
Included within the operational risk category is IT risk, that is the risk of incurring economic, 
reputational and market share losses in relation to the use of information and communication 
technology. IT risk arises from an event that involves the violation or imminent threat of 
violation of the company's information security rules and practices, such as fraud, attacks 
through the internet, malfunctions and inefficiencies.

--- Page 212 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 212- 
47-41034364 
 
In general, IT risk generates one of the following consequences: 
• 
high economic losses or prolonged inefficiencies, even following repeated minor 
incidents, 
• 
major inefficiencies to customers or other parties (such as payment intermediaries or 
infrastructures), 
• 
the risk of invalidate the Bank's ability to comply with the conditions and obligations 
laid down by law or by supervisory regulations. 
This risk is monitored by the Issuer in accordance with the Risk Management Policy and 
analyzed through a specific assessment framework. It is specified that the components of IT 
risk subject to analysis refer to: 
• 
IT risk of internal components, 
• 
IT risk of the components outsourced to the main outsourcer AFast. 
The results of the analysis, monitoring and control activities are periodically discussed and 
assessed within the Management Committees where, among other things, the remediation plan 
identified is set out. 
SIGNIFICANT EVENTS DURING THE YEAR  
The 2021 – 2023 business plan 
The strategic lines of the plan, approved by the Board of Directors in December 2020, and 
updated for the three year period 2022 - 2024 in the meeting of 16 July 2022, envisage a new 
approach based on the sustainable development of loans, an increase in the commission margin 
and the careful management of credit risk. The fundamental elements of the strategy are, in 
particular: 
• 
stand-alone perspective, supported by excellent capitalisation and liquidity; 
• 
a renewed focus on the development of the margin from services, an area in which the 
Issuer shows room for improvement both when compared to banks that are similar in 
size and positioning and when compared to significant banks; 
• 
a prudent and focused lending development strategy, proposing the Issuer as a reference 
point for businesses and households in the area; 
• 
careful risk management, in particular by intervening on the entire credit process, as 
well as through careful and active management of NPLs, guided by enhanced workouts 
and targeted transfers aimed at containing stocks and such as not to generate sacrifices 
for the shareholders; 
• 
a streamlined operating structure, characterised by a focus on cost control and an 
orientation towards customer service and the creation of value for shareholders. 
The development guidelines of the strategic plan recall, among other things, the need to ensure 
"a careful assessment of the effective sustainability of the objectives and the need to ensure

--- Page 213 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 213- 
47-41034364 
 
robust growth and governance of risks and costs". The strategic choices developed in the plan 
are therefore consistent with this approach, and in particular guide the Issuer towards: 
• 
a strategic positioning that confirms, from an evolutionary perspective, the role as a 
territorial bank, focused on supporting the real economy, with the development of 
revenues (brokerage margin) at the end of the plan, 89% of which originate from 
commercial activities and 11% from the management of the proprietary portfolio; 
• 
a commercial banking business model supported by the progressive simplification of 
processes, placing the customer first and a greater balance between service margin and 
interest margin; 
• 
a careful balance between operational management, risk profile, liquidity and capital 
strength. 
Consistent with this orientation, the Issuer has developed objectives aimed at ensuring a solid 
generation of value, through well-defined managerial actions, divided into 7 pillars: 
1)  
A virtuous growth in terms of customers and volumes, driven by an expanded product 
range and specific skills in the world of private mortgage loans and in the tourism, 
manufacturing, agri-food and real estate sectors; 
2)  
A native digital multi-channel strategy, capable of making a reality of the concept of 
"Everywhere Banking", offering the Issuer's customers the ability to fully manage their 
banking relationship also through access to best-in-class digital channels; 
3)  
A specific focus on full sustainability, which involves the daily work of the Issuer (real 
estate, trade union relations, utilities, etc.), the ability to develop and finance sustainable 
projects, and the offer of common ESG investment funds; 
4)  
The proactive management of risks affecting balance sheet assets, thanks to the 
allocation of capital in favour of government measures to support the resilience of 
businesses and households, to the impact of the timing of the introduction of regulatory 
measures (Basel IV, SME supporting factor, etc.) and the management and monitoring 
of credit risk resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; 
5)  
Process efficiency, to be able to support commercial development, the specialisation of 
branch resources and faster and more precise responses to customers; 
6)  
The control system in its entirety, to anticipate market changes and reorient the Issuer's 
business;  
7)  
Human capital, to increasingly qualify the professionalism of consultancy and guide 
customers in new processes under the multi-channel strategy. 
Inspection assessment 
As of 15 November 2021, the Bank of Italy conducted an inspection of the Issuer which was 
completed on 25 February 2022.

--- Page 214 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 214- 
47-41034364 
 
Voluntary realignment of the tax values of real estate under Art. 110 of Legislative Decree 14 
August 2020, no. 104 
During the month of June, the Issuer decided to take advantage of the voluntary realignment 
of the tax values of real estate pursuant to Art. 110 of Legislative Decree 14 August 2020, no. 
104 (cd. "August Decree"), which extended the possibility of adjusting the tax values of real 
estate to the higher values recorded in the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 
2018 (and still present in the 2020 financial statements), against the payment of a 3% substitute 
tax. 
Property, plant and equipment were identified with a total realignable value of 56 million, 
entirely attributable to properties and land. The exercise of the realignment option took place 
in the 2020 tax return, i.e. relating to the tax period in which the realignment took place, which 
was submitted by 30 November 2021, subject to the payment of the substitute tax totalling €1.7 
million, paid in a lump sum on 30 June 2021. 
The tax recognition of the higher values will take place as of the financial year 2021, from 
which the new tax values will be deductible. The Issuer's Board of Directors has authorised the 
creation of a tax-suspension restriction on the share premium reserve, for an amount equal to 
the difference between the higher realigned values and the substitute tax due (54 million), 
which will be submitted for ratification at the first ordinary shareholders' meeting. 
From an accounting point of view, the income statement recorded a net positive impact of €14.5 
million, as a result of the cancellation of deferred tax liabilities of €16.2 million and the 
recognition of the full substitute tax of €1.7 million. 
Management of the shareholders' meeting during the Covid-19 health emergency - 
Shareholders' meeting of 30 March 2021 
In order to minimise the risks associated with the Covid-19 health emergency, the Issuer once 
again availed itself of the option, introduced by Art. 106 of Legislative Decree no. 18 of 17 
March 2020 ("Cura Italia"), to call the Shareholders' Meeting to approve the financial 
statements as at 31 December 2020 with the procedures set out in articles 135(11) and 135(9) 
of Legislative Decree no. 58/1998 (Consolidated Law on Finance "TUF"). 
For the above reasons, the shareholders took part only by conferring a proxy, complete with 
voting instructions, to the Designated Representative, without being able to attend the 
Shareholders' Meeting in person. The intervention by proxy to the Designated Representative, 
the only person admitted to the Shareholders' Meeting, was announced in the Notice of call, 
disseminated to the market on the storage system emarketstorage.com and published on the 
page dedicated to the Shareholders' Meeting on the Issuer's website in the section relating to 
the 2021 assembly. 
On its website, in the section relating to the 2021 Shareholders 'Meeting, the Issuer has 
published the procedures for attending the Shareholders' Meeting and, for each item on the 
agenda, a summary of the topic, the proposed resolution and the documents submitted for 
resolution, in the compliance with the legal terms and deadlines indicated in the Notice of call. 
Furthermore, so that, in giving the voting instructions to the Designated Representative, the 
shareholders could take into account the feedback provided by the Issuer to any questions asked 
by the shareholders before the Shareholders' Meeting, the answers to the questions on the items 
on the Agenda received by the shareholders by the deadline indicated in the Notice and on the

--- Page 215 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 215- 
47-41034364 
 
website were published on the Issuer's site in the section related to the 2021 Shareholders 
meeting. 
The Issuer has appointed the Mr. Edoardo Degl'Incerti Tocci, lawyer with registered office at 
Via Vittorio Veneto 5 – 42121 Reggio Emilia (RE), as the Designated Representative to whom 
shareholders, in order to attend and vote at the Shareholders' Meeting, must confer proxy with 
voting instructions using the online procedure activated by the company XDataNet S.r.l., 
Mirandola (MO) and made available on the Issuer's website in the section relating to the 2021 
Shareholders' Meeting. 
The information to participate by proxy with voting instructions to the Designated 
Representative has been made available on the Issuer's website in the section relating to the 
2021 Shareholders' Meeting in the Proxy Voting section. 
To ask questions on the items on the Agenda by 19 March 2021 and obtain a response from the 
Issuer by 22 March 2021, shareholders could join the Issuer's website in the section relating to 
the 2021 Shareholders' Meeting in the Questions and Answers section. 
Judicial and arbitration proceedings 
As of the Date of this Financial Report, no judicial or arbitration proceedings are pending of 
such amount or nature as to have significant repercussions on the financial, equity or economic 
situation of the Issuer, even in the event of a negative outcome. 
The main disputes relate to procedures pertaining to compound interest and usury, to actions 
relating to investment services provided, to property law disputes and to bankruptcy clawback 
actions. 
Assignment of non-performing loans 
During the year, the Issuer completed the transfer, without recourse, of several non-performing 
positions denominated in EUR. 
Assignment of non-performing loan portfolio 2021 
2021 
 
 
No. Non-performing positions transferred  
6 
Gross value (EUR) 
6,409,748 
Int. Default (in euro) 
521,982 
Total (EUR) 
6,931,730 
 
The transfer provides no transferor guarantee of the solvency of the transferred debtors, or of 
any guarantors thereof, on any grounds, hence provides no guarantee of the total or partial 
collection of the transferred receivables.  
As a result of the transfer, the receivables have been de-recognised from the financial 
statements as of the date of execution. The price paid by the buyers was EUR 3.8 million. 
Securitisation of non-performing loans with State guarantee ("GACS") 
As part of a broader program of interventions on non-performing loans and in line with the 
strategy of derisking and improving the quality of assets, the Issuer concluded - together with 
another 38 participating banks – the securitisation of non-performing loans known as

--- Page 216 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 216- 
47-41034364 
 
"Buonconsiglio 4". In particular, the Issuer sold, with economic effect from 1st December 2021, 
a portfolio of non-performing loans with a gross value of 37.8 million to the securitisation 
vehicle known as "Buonconsiglio 4 S.r.l.", established pursuant to (It.) Law no. 130/1999, 
which, in turn, issued three tranches of ABS notes of which: 
• 
a senior tranche, rated at BBB by the agencies Scope ratings, DBRS Morningstar and 
ARC Ratings, of 5.0 million. The tranche in question, maintained by the Issuer, has 
structural characteristics of eligibility to GACS; 
• 
a mezzanine tranche, of 0.7 million, without rating 
• 
a junior tranche of 0.2 million, without rating. 
A percentage of 94.9% of mezzanine securities and 94.8% of junior securities were placed with 
institutional investors, while the remaining 5% is held by the Issuer. In this way, in compliance 
with the legal obligations in force, the accounting and regulatory deconsolidation of the 
transferred portfolio will follow. 
Assignment of non-performing loan portfolio 2021 
2021 
 
 
No. non-performing positions transferred  
249 
Gross value (EUR) 
33,389,082 
Int. default (in euro) 
4,394,153 
Total (EUR) 
37,783,234 
 
The price paid by the buyers was EUR 5.8 million. 
SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE YEAR END  
Russia's invasion of Ukraine 
For more details on the Ukraine crisis situation and its impact on the evolution of operations, 
please refer to the specific sections of the Report on Operations chapter, included in the non-
consolidated annual financial statements for the year ended on 31 December 2021. 
With regard to direct exposures to persons and/or entities subject to the crisis in Ukraine, it 
should be noted that on the basis of the information available at date, taking into account the 
extreme uncertainty and volatility affecting the context of persons directly or indirectly affected 
by the crisis and the sanctions in place, the Issuer has no significant exposures to the Russian 
currency or to natural and legal persons affected by the sanctions as well as to the countries 
involved. 
Accounting and fiscal framework of the provision under Art. 42 paragraph 1 of Legislative 
Decree 1/3/2022 No. 17. 
On 2 March 2022 the Decree-Law no. 17 of 1 March 2022 was published in the Official Gazette 
no. 50, containing urgent measures to contain the costs of electricity and natural gas, for the 
development of renewable energies and for the revitalization of industrial policies. Art. 42 
paragraph 1 of the decree in question provides that the deduction of 12 percent of the amount 
of the negative components provided for, for the purposes of corporate income tax and the 
regional tax on productive activities, respectively by paragraphs 4 and 9 of article 16 of Decree-

--- Page 217 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 217- 
47-41034364 
 
Law no. 83 of 27 June 2015, for the tax period ending on 31 December 2021, is deferred, on a 
straight-line basis, to the tax period ending on 31 December 2022 and the following three tax 
periods. This provision, while referring to the tax period in progress as at 31 December 2021, 
was neither issued nor announced by the aforementioned balance sheet date, in accordance with 
IAS 10 par. 22 letter (h) and IAS 12 paragraphs 47, 48 and 88, did not entail a change in the 
calculation of the Issuer's current and deferred taxes as at 31 December 2021 which was 
determined on the basis of the provisions in force at the time. It follows that the effects of the 
aforementioned legislative change, if confirmed, despite being reflected in the determination 
of the balance of taxes relating to the year 2021 to be paid by the end of June 2022, will be 
recognized in the accounting year 2022. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
Shareholders' approval of 2021 non-consolidated financial statements 
The ordinary shareholders' meeting of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige held on 31 March 2022 
approved the non-consolidated financial statements of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige as at 
and for the year ended 31 December 2021, together with the distribution to the shareholders of 
a dividend of Euro 0.60 per share. 
Issue of SCRIP shares 
On 8 June 2018, the Board of Directors of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige resolved upon the 
issue, pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 8 of the by-laws, of 631,982 ordinary bonus shares. The 
bonus shares were offered in the ratio of 0.117 newly issued shares to every share in the share 
capital of the Issuer received by the shareholders of the former Banca Popolare di Marostica 
(the "Marostica Shareholders") upon the incorporation of the latter into the Issuer on 1 April 
2015 (the "Exchange Shares"). 
The offer of the bonus shares was subject to the satisfaction by the Marostica Shareholders of 
a retention requirement, which provided that only those of the Marostica Shareholders who 
have held their respective Exchange Shares from 1 April 2015 for the periods of 12 months 
and 24 months, respectively, would be entitled to receive the bonus shares, so that: 
• 
no bonus shares were due to the Marostica Shareholders who, in the period from 1 April 
2015 to 31 March 2016, sold any of their Exchange Shares; 
• 
the shareholders who have held all of their Exchange Shares for the first 12 months of 
the retention period were allocated bonus shares in proportion to the number of days 
they held the Exchange Shares in the period from 1 April 2016 to 31 March 2018, and 
• 
the sale and transfer for consideration of the Exchange Shares did not transfer the right 
to receive bonus shares to the assignee; the transfer made upon the donor's death (mortis 
causa) or as a donation conferred upon the legitimate heir or to the donee the right to 
receive bonus shares, provided the retention requirement was complied with. 
The bonus shares were issued with effect as of 1 January 2018, with the settlement date on 29 
June 2018. A total of 638,509 bonus shares were issued by transfer of Euro 2,554,036.00 from 
the Issuer's available reserves to its share capital. Therefore, as at the date of this Prospectus, 
the fully paid-up share capital of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige amounts to Euro 
201,993,752.00, divided into 50,498,438 ordinary shares. The issue of bonus shares and share 
capital increase were filed for registration pursuant to the provisions of applicable law.

--- Page 218 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 218- 
47-41034364 
 
OVERVIEW FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Set out in this section is an overview of financial information of the Issuer which is derived 
from the audited non-consolidated annual financial statements of Banca Popolare dell'Alto 
Adige as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, in each case 
together with the accompanying notes and auditor' reports. Such financial statements, together 
with the accompanying notes and auditor' reports, are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. The financial information contained in the section should be read in conjunction 
with such financial statements, notes and auditors' reports thereto. See also "Documents 
incorporated by reference". 
Since 2006, the Issuer has prepared its annual financial statements in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union and as 
implemented under the Bank of Italy's instructions contained in Circular 262 of 22 December 
2005 and related transitional regulations in Italy ("IFRS"). Accordingly, all of the following 
financial information of the Issuer incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus has been 
prepared in accordance with IFRS. 
The annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2020 have been audited by KPMG S.p.A, which has been appointed by the 
shareholders' meeting of Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige held on 30 March 2019, to audit 
financial statements of the Issuer for the 6-year period from 2019 to 2027. 
The Issuer will, at the specified offices of the Paying Agents, provide, free of charge, upon oral 
or written request, the above-mentioned annual financial statements incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the 
specified office of any Paying Agent or to the specified office of the Listing Agent in 
Luxembourg. In addition such documents will be available, without charge, on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The following tables present the annual balance sheet and income statement information of the 
Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020.

--- Page 219 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 219- 
47-41034364 
 
ANNUAL BALANCE SHEETS 
 Assets 
As at 31 December 
 
 
2021 
2020 
 
 
(Euro) 
1. 
Cash and cash equivalents 
92,348,846 
83,657,688 
2. 
Financial assets designated at fair value 
through profit and loss 
122,808,702 
138,098,926 
 
a) financial assets held for trading 
1,640,918 
471,888 
 
b) financial assets designated at fair 
value 
- 
- 
 
c) other financial assets 
compulsorily measured at fair 
value 
121,167,784 
137,627,038 
3. 
Financial assets measured at fair value 
with impact on overall profitability 
680,921,245 
597,473,448 
4. 
Financial assets measured at amortised 
cost 
11,934,943,122 
10,322,580,377 
 
a) loans to banks 
1,647,681,913 
714,612,737 
 
b) loans to consumers 
10,287,261,209 
9,607,967,640 
5. 
Hedging derivatives 
- 
- 
6. 
Value adjustment of hedged financial 
assets (+ / -) 
- 
- 
7. 
Equity investments 
5,277,763 
5,168,007 
8. 
Physical assets 
135,355,796 
143,382,083 
9. 
Intangible assets 
of which: 
15,674,551 
16,842,987 
 
a) goodwill 
- 
- 
10. 
Tax assets: 
149,630,421 
171,755,814 
 
a) current 
53,628,036 
62,392,063 
 
b) prepaid 
96,002,385 
109,363,751 
11. 
Non-current assets and groups of assets 
held for sale 
4,407,814 
15,543,732 
12. 
Other assets 
142,022,584 
131,360,307 
 
Total assets 
13,283,390,844 
11,625,863,369

--- Page 220 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 220- 
47-41034364 
 
ANNUAL BALANCE SHEETS 
 Liabilities and shareholders' equity 
As at 31 December 
 
 
2021 
2020 
 
 
(Euro) 
10. 
Financial liabilities measured at 
amortised costs 
12,138,099,570 
10,555,360,705 
 
a) payable to banks 
2,668,836,977 
1,972,836,871 
 
b) payables to customers 
9,032,919,126 
8,057,494,788 
 
c) outstanding securities 
436,343,467 
525,029,046 
20. 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
59,740 
1,782,869 
30. 
Financial liabilities designated at fair 
value (IFRS 7, para. 8 letter e)) 
- 
- 
40. 
Hedging derivatives 
- 
- 
50. 
Value adjustment of hedged financial 
liabilities (+ / -) 
- 
- 
60. 
Tax liabilities 
18,804,760 
27,046,077 
 
a) current 
14,803,485 
6,786,274 
 
b) deferred 
4,001,275 
20,259,803 
70. 
Liabilities associated with assets held 
for sale 
- 
- 
80. 
Other liabilities 
256,877,965 
242,572,282 
90. 
Employee severance indemnities 
16,163,760 
16,801,656 
100. 
Provisions for risks and charges 
21,373,126 
18,238,086 
 
a) commitments and guarantees given 
7,631,272 
6,109,409 
 
b) pensions and similar obligation 
- 
- 
 
c) other provisions for risks and 
charges 
13,741,854 
12,128,677 
110. 
Valuation reserves 
2,375,680 
2,118,111 
120. 
Redeemable shares 
- 
- 
130. 
Equity instruments 
- 
- 
140. 
Reserves 
284,004,937 
267,883,424 
150. 
Issue premium 
298,786,747 
298,786,747 
160. 
Capital 
201,993,752 
201,993,752 
170. 
Treasury shares (-) 
(25,225,203) 
(22,735,291) 
180. 
Profit (Loss) for the year (+/-) 
70,076,010 
16,014,950 
 
Total liabilities and shareholders' 
equity 
13,283,390,844 
11,625,863,368

--- Page 221 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 221- 
47-41034364 
 
ANNUAL INCOME STATEMENTS 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(Euro) 
10. 
Interest receivable and similar income  
196,115,501 
196,370,076  
 
of which: interest income calculated 
according to the effective interest 
method 
191,045,457 
191,145,664  
20. 
Interest paid and similar charges 
(19,594,634) 
(23,707,274) 
30. 
Interest margin 
176,520,867 
172,662,802  
40. 
Commission income 
107,069,666 
97,910,204  
50. 
Commission expense 
(13,075,659) 
(13,892,289) 
60. 
Net fee 
93,994,007 
84,017,915 
70. 
Dividends and similar income 
3,557,901 
880,907 
80. 
Net result of trading 
2,048,979 
2,168,573 
90. 
Net result of hedging 
 - 
 - 
100. 
Profit (losses) on disposal or 
repurchase of: 
45,899,612 
8,450,276 
 
a) financial assets measured at 
amortised cost 
40,546,942 
5,401,997 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair 
value with an impact on 
comprehensive income 
5,345,877 
2,969,226 
 
c) financial liabilities 
 6,793 
79,053 
110. 
Net profit (loss) from other financial 
assets and liabilities measured at fair 
value with an impact on the income 
statement 
(2,882,775) 
(4,646,906) 
 
a) financial assets and liabilities 
designated at fair value 
 - 
 - 
 
b) financial liabilities compulsorily 
valued at fair value 
(2,882,775) 
(4,646,906) 
120. 
Net receipts from banking 
319,138,591 
263,533,567 
130. 
Net adjustments/write-backs on credit 
risk: 
(53,128,556) 
(62,946,204) 
 
a) financial assets measured at 
amortised cost 
(53,204,833) 
(63,396,465) 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair 
value with an impact on 
comprehensive income 
76,277 
 450,261 
140. 
Gains (losses) from contractual 
amendments without write-downs 
(40,082) 
(65,809) 
150. 
Net result of financial management 
265,969,953 
 200,521,554 
160. 
Administrative expenses: 
(185,866,392) 
(174,663,283) 
 
a) personnel expenses 
(101,382,305) 
(92,999,906) 
 
b) other administrative expenses 
(84,484,087) 
(81,663,377) 
170. 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(5,195,696) 
(2,359,165)

--- Page 222 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 222- 
47-41034364 
 
 
For the year ended 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(Euro) 
 
a) credit risk relating to 
commitments and guarantees 
given 
(1,766,185) 
(1,057,192) 
 
b) other net provisions 
(3,429,511) 
(1,301,973) 
180. 
Net adjustments/write-backs on 
physical assets 
(15,073,658) 
(19,687,605) 
190. 
Net adjustments/write-backs on 
intangible assets 
(1,238,585) 
(1,845,415) 
200. 
Other operating income / expenses 
20,027,243 
19,230,887 
210. 
Operating costs 
(187,347,088) 
(179,324,581) 
220. 
Profit (losses) on equity investments 
100,482 
(284,421) 
230. 
Net result of measurement at fair 
value of tangible and intangible assets 
 - 
 - 
240. 
Goodwill value adjustments 
 - 
 - 
250. 
Profit (losses) on disposal of 
investments 
(271,383) 
 186,873 
260. 
Profit (loss) from current 
operations before tax 
78,451,964  
21,099,425  
270. 
Income taxes on current operations 
(8,375,954) 
(5,084,475) 
280. 
Profit (loss) from current 
operations after tax 
70,076,010 
16,014,950  
290. 
Profit (Loss) on discontinued 
operations after tax 
 -  
 - 
300. 
Profit (Loss) for the year 
70,076,010  
16,014,950

--- Page 223 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 223- 
47-41034364 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which 
changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The following summary does not purport to be 
a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision 
to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal with the 
tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Notes 
are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their 
ownership of the Notes. This summary will not be updated to reflect changes in laws and if 
such a change occurs the information in this summary could become invalid. 
Republic of Italy 
Tax treatment of Notes issued by the Issuer 
Decree No. 239 sets out the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium 
and other income (including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) 
(hereinafter collectively referred to as "Interest") from notes falling within the category of 
bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, 
inter alia, by Italian banks. The provisions of Decree 239 only apply to those notes which 
qualify as obbligazioni (bonds) or as titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to 
bonds) pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended 
and supplemented ("Decree No. 917").  
For these purposes, titoli similari alle obbligazioni are defined as notes that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not less than their nominal value (with 
or without internal payments) and that do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate 
in the management of the issuer or to the business in relation to which the securities are issued 
nor any type of control on the management. The tax regime set forth by Decree No. 239 also 
applies pursuant to article 2, paragraph 22, of Law Decree No. 138 of 13 August 2011 to 
interest, premium and other income from regulatory capital financial instruments complying 
with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, Italian banks, other than shares 
and assimilated instruments. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, where the Italian resident holder of the Notes, who is the beneficial 
owner of such Notes, is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected; or 
(b) 
a partnership (other than a societa 'in nome collettivo or societa' in accomandita 
semplice or similar partnership), or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial 
activities or professional association; or 
(c) 
private or public institutions, other than companies, trusts not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation,

--- Page 224 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 224- 
47-41034364 
 
Interest payments relating to the Notes are subject to a tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, 
levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (either when Interest is paid or when payment thereof is 
obtained by the holder on a sale of the Notes) (unless they have entrusted the management of 
their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and has opted for the 
so called "regime del risparmio gestito" (the "Asset Management Regime")) according to 
Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended ("Decree 
No. 461"). All the above categories are qualified as "net recipients".  
Where the resident holders of the Notes described above under (a) and (c) are engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a 
provisional income tax. Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian 
income tax return and will be subject to Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta 
sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian income tax due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt 
from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest if the Notes are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraph 100-114 of Law No. 232 
of 11 December 2016 ("Law No. 232") and in Article 1, paragraph 211 – 215, of Law No. 145 
of 30 December 2018 ("Law No. 145") and in Article 13 – bis of Law Decree No. 124 of 
October 26, 2019 ("Law Decree No. 124") as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di 
intermediazione mobiliare (so called "SIMs"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del 
risparmio ("SGRs"), stock brokers and other qualified entities identified by a decree of the 
Ministry of Finance (together the "Intermediaries" and each an "Intermediary") resident in 
Italy, or by permanent establishments in Italy of a non-Italian resident Intermediary, that 
intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or 
disposals of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer 
of notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which 
results in a change of the ownership of the relevant notes or in a change of the Intermediary 
with which the notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an authorised Italian 
Intermediary (or with a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign Intermediary), the 
imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian Intermediary paying Interest to the 
holders of the Notes or, absent that by the Issuer. 
Payments of Interest in respect of Notes are not subject to the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva 
if made to beneficial owners who are: 
(i) 
Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected; 
(ii) 
Italian resident partnerships carrying out commercial activities (società in nome 
collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar partnership); 
(iii) 
Italian resident open-ended or closed-ended collective investment funds (together the 
"Funds" and each a "Fund"), investment companies with a variable capital 
("SICAVs"), investment companies with fixed capital ("SICAFs"), Italian resident 
pension funds referred to in Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005 ("Decree

--- Page 225 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 225- 
47-41034364 
 
No. 252"), Italian resident real estate investment funds subject to the regime provided 
for by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 and Italian real estate SICAFs; and 
(iv) 
Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial 
activity who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the 
Notes, to an authorised financial Intermediary and have opted for the Asset 
Management Regime. 
Such categories are qualified as "gross recipients". To ensure payment of Interest in respect of 
the Notes without the application of 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, gross recipients indicated 
above under (i) to (iv) must: (a) be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes 
and (b) deposit the Notes in due time, together with the coupons relating to such Notes, directly 
or indirectly with an Italian authorised Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of 
a foreign Intermediary). Where the Notes and the relevant coupons are not deposited with an 
Italian authorised Intermediary (or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign 
Intermediary), the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian Intermediary 
paying Interest to the holders of the Notes or, absent that, by the Issuer. 
Gross recipients that are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of 
foreign corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected are entitled to deduct imposta 
sostitutiva suffered from income taxes due. 
Interest accrued on the Notes shall be included in the corporate taxable income ("IRES") (and 
in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also in the net value of 
production for purposes of regional tax on productive activities – "IRAP") of beneficial owners 
who are Italian resident corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign 
corporations to which the Notes are effectively connected, subject to tax in Italy in accordance 
with ordinary tax rules. 
Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with entrepreneurial activity 
who have opted for the Asset Management Regime are subject to a 26 per cent. annual 
substitute tax (the "Asset Management Tax") on the increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the 
Notes). The Asset Management Tax is applied on behalf of the taxpayer by the managing 
authorised Intermediary. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is a Fund, a SICAV or a non-real estate SICAF and the 
relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding 
period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
financial results of the Fund, the SICAV or the non-real estate SICAF. The Fund, SICAV or 
non-real estate SICAF will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 
26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders 
or shareholders (the "Collective Investment Fund Tax"). 
Where a Noteholder is an Italian resident real estate investment fund or an Italian real estate 
SICAF, to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, Law Decree 
No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative Decree 
No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply, Interest accrued on the Notes will be subject 
neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the real estate 
investment fund or the real estate SICAF. The income of the real estate fund or of the real estate 
SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage

--- Page 226 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 226- 
47-41034364 
 
of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or 
disposal of the units. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided by 
Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited 
with an Italian resident intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the 
holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of 
the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of each tax period, to be subject to the to a 20 per cent. 
annual substitute tax (the "Pension Fund Tax") on the increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include Interest accrued on the 
Notes). 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period) and limitations, Interest 
relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100 - 114) of Law No. 232 
and in Article 1 (211 – 215) of Law No. 145 and in Article 13 – bis of Law Decree No. 124, as 
amended and applicable from time to time.. 
Non Italian resident Noteholders 
According to Decree No. 239, payments of Interest in respect of the Notes will not be subject 
to imposta sostitutiva at the rate of 26 per cent. if made to beneficial owners who are non Italian 
resident beneficial owners of the Notes with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected provided that: 
(a) 
such beneficial owners are resident for tax purposes in a state or territory which allows 
an adequate exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities included in the 
Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time (the "White List"). According to Article 11, paragraph 4, letter c) of Decree No. 
239, the White List will be updated every six months period. In absence of the issuance 
of the new White List, reference has to be made to the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 
4th September, 1996 as amended from time to time; and 
(b) 
all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant 
implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption 
from imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time. 
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from imposta sostitutiva for payments 
of Interest in respect of the Notes made to (i) international entities and organisations established 
in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy; (ii) certain foreign institutional 
investors established in countries included in the White List; and (iii) Central Banks or entities 
which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. 
To ensure payment of Interest in respect of the Notes without the application of 26 per cent. 
imposta sostitutiva, non Italian resident investors indicated above must: 
(a) 
be the beneficial owners of payments of Interest on the Notes; 
(b) 
deposit the Notes in due time together with the coupons relating to such Notes, directly 
or indirectly, with an resident bank or SIM, or a permanent establishment in Italy of a 
non Italian resident bank or SIM, or with a non Italian resident operator participating in

--- Page 227 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 227- 
47-41034364 
 
a centralised securities management system which is in contact via computer with the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance; and 
(c) 
file with the relevant depository a statement (autocertificazione) in due time stating, 
inter alia, that he or she is resident, for tax purposes, in one of the above mentioned 
White List states. Such statement (autocertificazione), which must comply with the 
requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001 (as amended and 
supplemented), shall be valid until withdrawn or revoked and need not be submitted 
where a certificate, declaration or other similar document meant for equivalent uses was 
previously submitted to the same depository. The statement (autocertificazione) is not 
required for non Italian resident investors that are international entities or organisations 
established in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy, and Central 
Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign state. 
Failure of a non resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set 
forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of 
imposta sostitutiva on Interests payments to a non resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-resident holders of the Notes who are subject to substitute tax may, nevertheless, be 
eligible for a total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy 
and the country of residence of the relevant holder of the Notes. 
Fungible issues 
Pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 2 of Decree 239, where the relevant Issuer issues a new 
Tranche forming part of a single series with a previous Tranche, for the purposes of calculating 
the amount of Interest subject to imposta sostitutiva, the issue price of the new Tranche will be 
deemed to be the same as the issue price of the original Tranche. This rule applies where (a) 
the new Tranche is issued within 12 months from the issue date of the previous Tranche, and 
(b) the difference between the issue price of the new Tranche and that of the original Tranche 
does not exceed 1 per cent. of the nominal value of the Notes multiplied by the number of years 
of the duration of the Notes. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) but qualify as 
atypical securities (titoli atipici) for Italian tax purposes, may be subject to a withholding tax, 
levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
In the case of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer, where the Noteholder is: 
(a) 
an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected; 
(b) 
an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; 
(c) 
a permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy of a foreign entity; 
(d) 
an Italian commercial partnership; or 
(e) 
an Italian commercial private or public institution,

--- Page 228 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 228- 
47-41034364 
 
such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when the 
Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. Double tax 
treaty entered into by Italy may apply, allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of 
withholding tax in case of payment to non Italian resident Noteholders, subject to proper 
compliance with relevant subjective and procedural requirements. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt 
from any income taxation, including the withholding tax, on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes if such Notes are included in a long term savings account (piano 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of 
Law No. 232 and in Article 1 (211 – 215) of Law No. 145 and in Article 13 – bis of Law Decree 
No. 124, as amended and applicable from time to time. 
Capital gains tax 
Pursuant to Decree No. 461, a 26 per cent. capital gains tax (referred to as "imposta sostitutiva") 
is applicable to capital gains realised by: 
• 
an Italian resident individual not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the 
Notes are connected; 
• 
an Italian resident partnership not carrying out commercial activities; 
• 
an Italian private or public institution not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities; or 
on any sale or transfer for consideration of the Notes or redemption thereof. 
Under the so called "regime della dichiarazione" ("Tax Declaration Regime"), which is the 
standard regime for taxation of capital gains, the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital 
gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains net of any relevant incurred 
capital losses realised pursuant to all investment transactions carried out during any given fiscal 
year. The capital gains realised in a year net of any relevant incurred capital losses must be 
detailed in the relevant annual tax return to be filed with Italian tax authorities, and imposta 
sostitutiva must be paid on such capital gains together with any balance income tax due for the 
relevant tax year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital 
gains of the same kind for up to the fourth subsequent fiscal year.  
Alternatively to the Tax Declaration Regime, the holders of the Notes who are: 
• 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the Notes 
are connected; 
• 
Italian resident partnerships not carrying out commercial activities; 
• 
Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial 
activities, 
may elect to pay imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or transfer 
or redemption of the Notes under the so called "regime del risparmio amministrato" (the 
"Administrative Savings Regime"). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject 
to (i) the Notes being deposited with banks, SIMs and any other Italian qualified intermediary

--- Page 229 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 229- 
47-41034364 
 
(or permanent establishment in Italy of foreign intermediary) and (ii) an express election for 
the Administrative Savings Regime being made in writing in due time by the relevant holder 
of the Notes. The intermediary is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect 
of capital gains realised on each sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes, as well as on capital 
gains realised as at revocation of its mandate, net of any relevant incurred capital losses, and is 
required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the holder of the 
Notes, deducting a corresponding amount from proceeds to be credited to the holder of the 
Notes. Where a sale or transfer or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, the 
intermediary is entitled to deduct such loss from gains of the same kind subsequently realised 
on assets held by the holder of the Notes within the same relationship of deposit in the same 
tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the Administrative Savings 
Regime, the realised capital gain is not required to be included in the annual income tax return 
of the Noteholder and the Noteholder remains anonymous. 
Special rules apply if the Notes are part of a portfolio managed under the Asset Management 
Regime by an Italian asset management company or an authorised intermediary. The capital 
gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes will not be subject to 26 per cent. 
imposta sostitutiva on capital gains but will contribute to the determination of the annual 
accrued appreciation of the managed portfolio, subject to the Asset Management Tax. Any 
depreciation of the managed portfolio at the year-end may be carried forward against 
appreciation accrued in each of the following tax years up to the fourth. Also under the Asset 
Management Regime the realised capital gain is not required to be included in the annual 
income tax return of the Noteholder and the Noteholder remains anonymous. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital 
gains in respect of Notes realized upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian resident 
individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt 
from taxation, including the 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva, if the Notes are included in a long-
term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements set forth in Article 1, paragraph 100 – 114, of Law No. 232 and in Article 1 
(211 – 215) of Law No. 145 and in Article 13 – bis of Law Decree No. 124, as amended and 
applicable from time to time. 
In the case of Notes held by Funds, SICAVs and non-real estate SICAFs, capital gains on the 
Notes contribute to determine the increase in value of the managed assets of the Funds, SICAVs 
or non-real estate SICAFs accrued at the end of each tax year. The Funds, SICAVs or non-real 
estate SICAFs will not be subject to taxation on such increase, but the Collective Investment 
Fund Tax will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders 
or shareholders. 
Where a Noteholder is an Italian resident real estate investment fund or an Italian real estate 
SICAF, to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, Law Decree 
No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010, and Legislative Decree 
No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply, capital gains realised will be subject neither to 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the real estate investment fund 
or the real estate SICAF. The income of the real estate investment fund or of the real estate 
SICAF is subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage 
of participation, or, when earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or 
disposal of the units. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by Article 17 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be

--- Page 230 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 230- 
47-41034364 
 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, and will be 
subject to the Pension Fund Tax. 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period) and limitations, capital gains 
in respect of Notes realized upon sale, transfer or redemption by Italian Pension Fund may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the Pension Fund Tax if the Notes are included in a long-
term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements set forth in Article 1 (100 - 114) of Law No. 232 and in Article 1 (211 – 215) 
of Law No. 145 and in Article 13 – bis of Law Decree No. 124, as amended and applicable 
from time to time. 
The 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva on capital gains may in certain circumstances be payable 
on any capital gains realised upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Notes by non-Italian 
resident individuals and corporations without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, if the Notes are held in Italy. 
However, pursuant to Article 23 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, any 
capital gains realised by non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected through the sale for consideration or redemption of 
the Notes are exempt from taxation in Italy to the extent that the Notes are listed on a regulated 
market in Italy or abroad, and in certain cases subject to timely filing of required documentation 
(in the form of a declaration (autocertificazione) of non-residence in Italy) with Italian qualified 
intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which the 
Notes are deposited, even if the Notes are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth 
by any applicable double tax treaty. 
Where the Notes are not listed on a regulated market in Italy or abroad: 
(a) 
pursuant to the provisions of Decree No. 461, non-Italian resident beneficial owners of 
the Notes with no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively 
connected are exempt from imposta sostitutiva in the Republic of Italy on any capital 
gains realised upon sale for consideration or redemption of the Notes if they are resident, 
for tax purposes: (a) in a state or territory which allows an adequate exchange of 
information with the Italian tax authorities included in the White List and updated every 
six months according to Article 11, paragraph 4, letter c) of Decree No. 239 and (b) all 
the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant 
implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption 
from imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time. Under these 
circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected elect for the Asset Management Regime or 
are subject to the Administrative Savings Regime, exemption from Italian capital gains 
tax will apply upon condition that they file in time with the authorised financial 
intermediary an appropriate self-declaration (autocertificazione) stating that they meet 
the requirement indicated above. The same exemption applies where the beneficial 
owners of the Notes are (i) international entities or organisations established in 
accordance with international agreements ratified by Italy; (ii) certain foreign 
institutional investors established in countries which allow for an adequate exchange of 
information with Italy; or (iii) Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the 
official reserves of a foreign State; and 
(b) 
in any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected that may benefit

--- Page 231 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 231- 
47-41034364 
 
from a double taxation treaty with Italy, providing that capital gains realised upon sale 
or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised 
upon sale for consideration or redemption of Notes. 
Under these circumstances, if non-Italian residents without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected elect for the Asset Management Regime or are 
subject to the Administrative Savings Regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will 
apply upon condition that they promptly file with the Italian authorised financial intermediary 
a declaration attesting that all the requirements for the application of the relevant double 
taxation treaty are met. 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident corporations or similar commercial entities or 
permanent establishments in Italy of non-Italian resident corporations to which the Notes are 
connected, will be included in their business income (and, in certain cases, may also be included 
in the taxable net value of production for IRAP purposes), subject to tax in Italy according to 
the relevant ordinary tax rules. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, Notes or other securities) as a result of death 
or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to 
an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the entire value of the 
inheritance or gift exceeding Euro 1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree 
are subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of 
the inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per 
cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or gift exceeding Euro 
100,000; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. 
on the entire value of the inheritance or gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax applies on the value 
exceeding Euro 1,500,000. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a Euro 200 registration tax as 
follows: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) private 
deeds are subject to registration only in the case of voluntary registration. 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar 
institutions are required to report in their yearly income tax return (or, in case the income tax 
return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the 
income tax return), according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990 converted into law by 
Law Decree No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, for tax monitoring 
purposes the amount of Notes held abroad during each tax year.

--- Page 232 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 232- 
47-41034364 
 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holders of the 
financial instruments, are the actual owners of the instrument. 
Furthermore, it is not necessary to comply with the above reporting requirement with respect 
to: (i) the Notes deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) 
the contracts entered into through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income 
derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the 
foreign investments are only composed of deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate 
value does not exceed a EUR 15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to article 13, paragraph 2-ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 
642 of 26 October 1972, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic 
reporting communications which may be sent by a financial intermediary to its clients in 
respect of any financial product and instrument (including the Notes), which may be deposited 
with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and 
cannot exceed EUR 14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is 
determined on the basis of the market value or, if no market value figure is available, on the 
basis of face value or redemption value, or in the case the face or redemption values cannot be 
determined, on the basis of purchase value of the financial assets (including banking bonds, 
obbligazioni and capital adequacy financial instruments) held. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the instruments 
for which is not mandatory nor the deposit, nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In 
case of reporting periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable based on the period 
accounted. 
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 
24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the 
regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises a banking, 
financial or insurance activity in any form within the Italian territory. 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, Italian resident individuals 
and, starting from fiscal year 2020, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and 
similar institutions holding financial assets, including the Notes, outside of the Italian territory 
are required to declare in its own annual tax declaration and pay a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 
per cent and it cannot exceed Euro 14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This tax is 
calculated on the market value at the end of the relevant year (or at the end of the holding 
period) or, if no market value figure is available, on the nominal value or redemption value, or 
in the case the face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of any 
financial asset (including the Notes) held abroad by Italian resident individuals. A tax credit is 
granted for any foreign property tax levied abroad on such financial assets. The financial assets 
held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax, if such financial assets are 
administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. 
The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a Directive for a 
common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal,

--- Page 233 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 233- 
47-41034364 
 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope. If introduced in the form proposed on 14 February 
2013, it could apply to certain dealings in Notes (including secondary market transactions) in 
certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the 14 February 2013 proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons 
both within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain 
dealings in Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is 
established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to 
be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including 
(a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the 
financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate, although certain other Member States 
have expressed strong objections to the proposal. The FTT proposal may therefore be altered 
prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  
Joint statements issued on 8 December 2015 by participating Member States, except Estonia, 
indicate an intention to implement the FTT by the end of June 2016. On 16 March 2016, Estonia 
completed the formalities required to leave the enhanced co-operation on FTT. On 7 December 
2017, the Council of the European Union announced that further work on FTT will be required 
before a final agreement on this dossier can be reached among the Member States participating 
in the enhanced co-operation. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known 
as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these 
purposes.  
A number of jurisdictions (including the Republic of Italy) have entered into, or have agreed 
in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction 
would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments 
such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may 
be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply 
prior to the date that is two years after the publication of the final regulations defining "foreign 
passthru payment" and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised 
as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the 
date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru

--- Page 234 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 234- 
47-41034364 
 
payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. Holders should 
consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes or Residual Certificates. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 235 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 235- 
47-41034364 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, 
and purchased by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated on or about the date hereof 
(the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the Dealer. Any such agreement 
will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, 
the price at which such Notes will be purchased by a Dealer and the commissions or other 
agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The 
Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of the 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to 
each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any 
Tranche, any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has 
represented, and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor

--- Page 236 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 236- 
47-41034364 
 
in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression "retail 
investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II.  
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic 
Area, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Member 
State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other 
than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation 
to any Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has 
represented and agreed that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of 
this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy will 
be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other 
applicable laws and regulation. 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver 
any Notes or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus and any other document relating to the 
Notes in the Republic of Italy, except:

--- Page 237 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 237- 
47-41034364 
 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations; or 
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings 
pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time and the applicable 
Italian laws. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus 
or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) and (b) above, 
must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998 (the "Financial Services Act"), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018, as amended from time to time, and the Consolidated Banking Law, and 
any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Law pursuant to which the 
Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the 
Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued 
on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020); and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed 
by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in the Republic of Italy 
Investors should also note that, in any subsequent distribution of the Notes in the Republic of 
Italy, Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act may require compliance with the law 
relating to public offers of securities. Furthermore, where the Notes are placed solely with 
"qualified investors" and are then systematically resold on the secondary market at any time in 
the 12 months following such placing, purchasers of Notes who are acting outside of the course 
of their business or profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase 
void and, in addition, to claim damages from any authorised person at whose premises the 
Notes were purchased, unless an exemption provided for under the Financial Services Act 
applies. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented 
and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or

--- Page 238 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 238- 
47-41034364 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of 
any Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the 
FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in 
relation to any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression 
"UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business; and

--- Page 239 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 239- 
47-41034364 
 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of 
Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by 
the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and 
will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to 
engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received 
by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions 
of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or 
otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or 
sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as 
defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et financier and it has only 
distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in 
France to such qualified investors this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and 
will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As 
used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has complied and will 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which 
it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense.

--- Page 240 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 240- 
47-41034364 
 
Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required 
by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute 
or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases 
at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions 
relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall as a 
result of any change(s), or any change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof of 
applicable laws and regulations no longer be applicable, but without prejudice to the 
obligations of the Dealers described in the preceding paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any 
such supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 241 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 241- 
47-41034364 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, approval and admission to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation by the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority in Luxembourg for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Directive. Application has been made for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading (as the case may be) 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer in relation to each Series. Notes may also be issued which are neither listed nor admitted 
to trading on any market.  
Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group 
providing client services with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust 
parts of its operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, 
whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. 
Authorisations 
The update of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 29 
April 2022. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN), 
the Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) and Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) 
code (as applicable) in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have 
accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
Litigation 
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal, arbitration or 
administrative proceedings in the 12 months preceding the date of this document relating to 
claims or amounts which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the

--- Page 242 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 242- 
47-41034364 
 
Issuer's financial position or profitability and, so far as the Issuer is aware, no such litigation, 
arbitration or administrative proceedings are pending or threatened. 
For further information on the pending litigation in which the Issuer is involved, please see 
"Description of the Issuer – Litigation". 
No material adverse change 
Since 31 December 2021 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most 
recent published financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared), there has been no 
material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer. 
No significant change 
Since 31 December 2021 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most 
recent published financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared), there has been no 
significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group. 
Auditors 
The financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 by KPMG S.p.A., Via Vittor Pisani, 27/31, 
20124 Milan, Italy, independent accountants. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course 
of business that have been or may be reasonably expected to be material to their ability to meet 
their obligations to Noteholders. 
Minimum denomination 
Where Notes issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market within 
the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, such Notes will not have a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or, 
where the Notes are issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other 
currency). 
Rating Agencies 
Each of Fitch Ratings Limited, DBRS Ratings Limited and S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, and is included in 
the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities 
and Markets Authority at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Documents on display 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes are outstanding, electronic copies 
of the following documents may be inspected (and, in the case of (e) and (f) below, are available 
for collection) during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, namely: 
(a) 
the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 243 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 243- 
47-41034364 
 
(b) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(c) 
the Programme Manual (being a manual signed for the purposes of identification by the 
Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, containing suggested forms and operating procedures for 
the Programme, including the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
(d) 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(e) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any other 
document incorporated by reference herein or therein; 
(f) 
the By-laws of the Issuer; and 
(g) 
the most recent publicly available audited annual non-consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer beginning with such financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2021 and 2020. 
After the date of publication of this Base Prospectus, copies of the programme documents will 
be available free of charge in English from the Issuer (i) at the following website 
https://www.volksbank.it/it/investor-relations/en, (ii) at the registered office of the Issuer 
specified on the "Description of the Issuer" hereof, and (iii) from the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent. 
This Base Prospectus, all documents incorporated herein by reference and the Final Terms of 
any Notes listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Issuer does not currently publish any consolidated financial statements. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, and may 
in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions and may 
perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, 
in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates (including 
parent companies) may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and 
equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank 
loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and 
securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates (including parent companies) that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with 
their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
(including parent companies) would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in 
securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, 
long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
The relevant Final Terms will specify any other interests of natural and legal persons involved 
in each issue of Notes under the Programme.

--- Page 244 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 244- 
47-41034364 
 
LEI 
The Issuer's Legal Entity Identifier code is 52990033C5FUEN4LMC06.

--- Page 245 ---
10230273459-v24 
- 245- 
47-41034364 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Via del Macello, 55 
39100 Bolzano 
Italy 
JOINT ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
 
Banca Popolare dell'Alto Adige S.p.A. 
Via del Macello, 55 
39100 Bolzano 
Italy 
 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse, 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
FISCAL AGENT, LUXEMBOURG PAYING AGENT AND LISTING AGENT 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy– Luxembourg 
L – 2085 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Dealers 
as to English and Italian law 
To the Issuer 
as to Italian law 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
Studio Legale Cappelli RCCD 
Piazza Castello, 27 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
 
KPMG S.p.A. 
Via Vittor Pisani, 27/31 
20124 Milan 
Italy