--- Page 1 ---
BANCO SANTANDER TOTTA, S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Portugal) 
 
EUR 12,500,000,000 
COVERED BONDS PROGRAMME 
 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. (the “Issuer”, “Bank” or “BST”), incorporated under Portuguese law, with head-office 
at Rua Áurea, no. 88, 1100-063 Lisbon, Portugal, with a registered and fully-paid share capital of EUR 
1,391,779,674.00 and registered under the sole registration and taxpayer number 500 844 321 with the 
Commercial Registry Office of Lisbon, is an authorised credit institution for the purposes of Decree-Law 31/2022, 
of 6 May 2022 (the “Legal Regime of Covered Bonds”). The Covered Bonds (as defined below) will constitute 
covered bonds for the purposes, and with the benefit, of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
Under this EUR 12,500,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme (the “Programme”), the Issuer may from time to time 
issue covered bonds (the “Covered Bonds”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
Covered Bonds will be issued in nominative form (nominativas) and be represented in book-entry form (forma 
escritural). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under 
the Programme will not exceed EUR 12,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described 
herein), subject to increases as described herein. Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or 
more of the Dealers specified under Overview of the Covered Bonds Programme and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together, the “Dealers”), 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the 
relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than 
one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to purchase such Covered Bonds. 
See Risk Factors for a discussion of certain risk factors to be considered in connection with an investment in the 
Covered Bonds. 
This document comprises a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published

--- Page 2 ---
2 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (the “CMVM”), as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CMVM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Covered Bonds that are 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the Covered Bonds. Such approval relates only to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") and/or which are to be 
offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). This Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for a period of 12 months from the date of approval. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Covered Bonds, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Covered Bonds. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event 
of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus 
is no longer valid. Application will be made to the Euronext Lisbon – Sociedade Gestora de Mercados 
Regulamentados, S.A. (“Euronext”) for the admission of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Lisbon (“Euronext Lisbon”) and to be admitted to the 
official list of Euronext Lisbon (the "Official List"). 
References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Covered Bonds have been admitted to trading on Euronext Lisbon or any other EEA regulated market. The 
Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other 
or further stock exchange(s) or markets (including EEA regulated markets) as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. Under this Programme, the Issuer may also issue unlisted Covered Bonds and/or Covered 
Bonds not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Covered Bonds have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act 1933, as 
amended (the “US Securities Act”). 
The rating of certain Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to or assigned to a relevant Series of Covered Bonds will 
be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) 
no. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and 
registered under Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European

--- Page 3 ---
3 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term debt rating of “Baa2” with a stable outlook from Moody’s, “BBB+” with 
a stable outlook from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), “A -” with a stable outlook from Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited (“Fitch”) and “A” with a stable outlook from DBRS Ratings GmbH (“DBRS”). Moody’s, S&P, Fitch 
and DBRS are established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation and are, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
The ratings issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. The ratings issued by Fitch have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Moody’s have been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by DBRS have been endorsed by DBRS Ratings Limited 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, Moody’s Investors Service Ltd, Fitch 
Ratings Limited and DBRS Ratings Limited are established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  
ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website, at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk, a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. This 
list must be updated within five working days of ESMA's adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration of 
a credit rating agency under the CRA Regulation. Therefore, such list is not conclusive evidence of the status of 
the relevant rating agency as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
The UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA")'s Financial Services Register, available at https://register.fca.org.uk/s/, 
includes credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Similar to the 
ESMA list of credit rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation, there may be 
some delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and updates to 
the Financial Services Register. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or unless (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
As such, ratings issued by S&P, Moody’s, Fitch and DBRS may also be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme is rated “Aa2” by Moody’s, “AA-” by Fitch and “AA” by 
DBRS.  
Arranger 
Barclays 
Dealers  
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
HSBC 
Barclays 
Morgan Stanley  
BNP PARIBAS 
Natixis 
BofA Securities 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Credit Suisse 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking  
Deutsche Bank 
UBS Investment Bank  
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
UniCredit 
This Base Prospectus is dated 9 March 2023.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
OVERVIEW OF THE COVERED BONDS PROGRAMME .......................................................................................................... 6 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE OFFER OF COVERED BONDS 
GENERALLY ........................................................................................................................................................................ 15 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................................... 19 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS ........................................................................................................................................... 49 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE................................................................................................................... 53 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS AND CLEARING SYSTEM ................................................................................................ 56 
FINAL TERMS FOR COVERED BONDS ................................................................................................................................. 59 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ........................................................................................................ 81 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL .......................................................................................................................... 120 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................................................ 129 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS .............................................................................. 131 
COVER POOL MONITOR ................................................................................................................................................... 132 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .......................................................................................................................................... 134 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................................... 177 
THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS ....................................................................................................................... 178 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SECONDARY MARKET ARRANGEMENTS ........................................................................ 195 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................................. 202 
DEFINITIONS .................................................................................................................................................................... 206

--- Page 6 ---
6 
OVERVIEW OF THE COVERED BONDS PROGRAMME 
This overview is qualified in its entirety by the rest of this Base Prospectus. 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Covered Bonds 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case 
of listed Covered Bonds, a new Base Prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus Delegated 
Regulations, notably Article 25(1)(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) no. 2019/980. 
Capitalised terms used in this overview and not otherwise defined below or under the Definitions have the 
respective meanings given to those terms elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
Description: 
Covered Bonds Programme. 
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 12,500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) aggregate principal 
amount (or, in the case of Covered Bonds issued at a discount, their aggregate 
nominal value) of Covered Bonds outstanding at any time. 
The Issuer will have the option at any time to increase the amount of the Programme, 
subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Programme Agreement. 
Maximum period for  
which Covered Bonds may 50 years 
be issued under the  
Programme:  
 
Issuer: 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. (see Description of the Issuer). 
Issuer Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI): 
549300URJH9VSI58CS32 
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A., Banco Santander Totta, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP 
Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A., Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE, Natixis, Société Générale, UBS Europe SE, UniCredit Bank 
AG and any other Dealer(s) appointed from time to time by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Programme Agreement and excludes any entity whose appointment has 
been terminated pursuant to the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Common 
Representative: 
Bondholders, S.L. in its capacity as representative of the holders of the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement, having its registered office at Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1, 46023 
Valencia, Spain, or any successor common representative appointed by a meeting of 
the holders of Covered Bonds. 
Agent: 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A., in its capacity as Agent, with its head office at Rua Áurea, 
no. 88, 1100-063 Lisbon, Portugal, or any successor Agent(s), in each case together 
with any additional Agent(s), appointed from time to time by the Issuer in connection 
with the Covered Bonds and under the Set of Agency Procedures. 
Paying Agent: 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A., in its capacity as Paying Agent, with its head office at 
Rua Áurea, no. 88, 1100-063 Lisbon, Portugal, or any successor Paying Agent(s), in 
each case together with any additional Paying Agent(s), appointed from time to time 
by the Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds and under the Set of Agency 
Procedures. 
Cover Pool 
Monitor: 
Deloitte & Associados, SROC, SA, member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory 
Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under number 43, registered with 
the CMVM with registration number 20161389, with its registered office at Avenida 
Engenheiro Duarte Pacheco, no. 7 1070-100 Lisboa. See Cover Pool Monitor. 
Hedge 
Counterparties: 
The parties or party (each, a “Hedge Counterparty” and together, the “Hedge 
Counterparties”) that, from time to time will enter into Hedging Contracts with the 
Issuer in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors set out in the section titled Risk Factors below that may 
affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme. Some of these factors are related to the Issuer’s business activities, 
financial condition or results of operations. In addition, there are risk factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the other risks associated with Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. Other categories of risk factors set out in detail 
under the section titled Risk Factors below are those related to legal and regulatory 
landscape with respect to the Covered Bonds, and to the suitability (or otherwise) of 
investment in the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private placement and on a non-
syndicated or syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche of 
Covered Bonds will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. See Subscription and Sale 
and Secondary Market Arrangements. 
Certain 
Restrictions: 
Each issue of Covered Bonds denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see Subscription and Sale 
and Secondary Market Arrangements). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with relevant laws, Covered Bonds may only be issued in euro 
or in such other currency accepted by Interbolsa for registration and clearing. 
Ratings: 
The rating of certain Series of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to or assigned to a relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or by a credit rating 
agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms.  
The rating of Covered Bonds will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable 
to the Issuer. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating organisation. A rating addresses the likelihood that the holders of Covered 
Bonds will receive timely payments of interest and ultimate repayment of principal 
at the Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. 
Listing and Admission 
to Trading: 
This document dated 9 March 2023 has been approved by the CMVM as a base 
prospectus. In respect of Covered Bonds which are intended to be listed, application 
will be made to Euronext or such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets 
(including regulated markets) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer for the admission of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Lisbon or such other or further stock 
exchange(s) or markets (including regulated markets) as may be agreed between the

--- Page 9 ---
9 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. Covered Bonds may, after notification by the CMVM 
to the supervision authority of the relevant Member State(s) of the EEA in accordance 
with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market(s) of and/or be admitted to listing on stock exchange(s) of any other Member 
States of the EEA. Covered Bonds which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on 
any market may also be issued under the Programme. The relevant Final Terms will 
state whether or not the relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchange(s) and/or regulated market(s). 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Covered Bonds in the 
United States, the EEA (including Belgium), the UK, Singapore, Switzerland and Japan 
as set out in Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds in a particular jurisdiction, which will be set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
United States Selling 
Restriction: 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities 
Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons unless an exemption from the registration requirements of 
the US Securities Act is available or in a transaction not subject to the registration 
requirements of the US Securities Act. Accordingly, the Covered Bonds are being 
offered and sold only outside the United States in reliance upon Regulation S under 
the US Securities Act. 
Use of Proceeds: 
Proceeds from the issue of Covered Bonds will be used by the Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes, or as otherwise identified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Status of the 
Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and secured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves. The Covered 
Bonds will be covered bonds issued by the Issuer in accordance with the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds and, accordingly, will be secured on cover assets that comprise a 
cover assets pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds, and will rank pari passu with all other obligations of the 
Issuer under covered bonds issued or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds. See Characteristics of the Cover Pool. 
Terms and

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Conditions: 
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
supplementing the Terms and Conditions set out in Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Clearing Systems: 
Interbolsa, and/or Euroclear, and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together the 
“Clearing Systems” and, each, a “Clearing System”). See Form of the Covered Bonds 
and Clearing System.  
Form of the 
Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be in book-entry form and in nominative form (nominativas), 
and thus title to such Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in accordance 
with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code and the applicable CMVM 
regulations. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Covered Bonds. 
See Form of the Covered Bonds and Clearing System. 
Transfer of  
Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds may be transferred in accordance with the provisions of the 
Clearing System or other central securities depository with which the relevant 
Covered Bond has been deposited. The transferability of the Covered Bonds is not 
restricted. 
Maturities: 
The Covered Bonds will have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) and as set out in the applicable Final Terms, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body), the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds 
or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
See also Extended Maturity Date.  
Issue Price: 
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which is 
at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Events of Default: 
Issuer Insolvency. See Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and Enforcement) of the Terms 
and Conditions. 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Guarantor: 
None. 
Fixed Rate  
Covered Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on redemption and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Floating Rate  
Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest determined separately for each Series 
as follows: 
• 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (“ISDA”) and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Covered Bonds of the 
relevant Series), or the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions (as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
Covered Bonds of the relevant Series), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
• 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service; or 
• 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s), as set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Interest 
periods will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event a Benchmark Event occurs, (a) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate, and (b) in either case, an Adjustment Spread, may be 
used for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest. 
Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds may be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Covered Bonds will specify 
either (i) that the relevant Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity, save as provided for in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (other than in 
specified instalments, if applicable – see The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds), or (ii) 
that the relevant Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or 
the holder of Covered Bonds upon giving notice to the holder of Covered Bonds or

--- Page 12 ---
12 
the Issuer (as applicable), on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s). The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Covered 
Bonds may be redeemable in two or more instalments of such amounts and on such 
dates as are specified in the applicable Final Terms. See also Extended Maturity Date.
 
 
Extended 
Maturity Date: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that an Extended Maturity Date applies to 
each Series of the Covered Bonds and shall correspond to at least one year after the 
applicable Maturity Date, provided that in any case the Issuer may not select an 
Extended Maturity Date in the applicable Final Terms that would entail that such 
Series of Covered Bonds would benefit from an earlier Extended Maturity Date vis-à-
vis another Series of Covered Bonds with an earlier Maturity Date. If an Extended 
Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the maturity of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds will be automatically extended to the Extended Maturity 
Date if either (i) the Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on 
the applicable Maturity Date and it is foreseeable (as determined by the Issuer) that 
such failure will continue for 5 Business Days thereafter or (ii) the authorisation of 
the Issuer as a credit institution is revoked by the competent banking supervisory 
authority, and in each case notice thereof has been (or, in the case of (ii), is 
subsequently) given to the CMVM, all as further described in Condition 6.7 (Extension 
of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions. If within 10 
calendar days of receiving such notice, CMVM objects to such extension of maturity, 
the extension of maturity will then cease to apply and the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds will be redeemed on the applicable Maturity Date or (if the date such objection 
is received by the Issuer from CMVM is after the applicable Maturity Date) the 
Extension Cessation Date.  
In respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, in case of liquidation or resolution of the 
Issuer, no extension to an Extended Maturity Date will (i) affect the ranking between 
any holders of Covered Bonds or (ii) invert the sequencing of the original maturity 
schedule of Covered Bonds. See Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions. 
Denomination 
of the Covered 
Bonds: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to compliance with the applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements and provided that each Series will have Covered Bonds of one 
denomination only. See Certain Restrictions above. 
Minimum 
Denomination: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date hereof will be issued in a 
denomination per unit not lower than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, unless the Covered Bonds will 
not be distributed to the public or admitted to trading on an EEA regulated market, 
in which case lower denominations per unit may apply. 
 
Benchmark  
Discontinuation: 
In the event a Benchmark Event occurs, (a) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate, and (b) in either case, an Adjustment Spread, may be 
used for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest. 
 
Taxation of the 
Covered Bonds: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made 
subject to any legally applicable Tax withholding or deductions (notably in relation to 
residents for tax purposes in Portugal), except if any Tax withholding exemption or 
waiver applies, in which case such payments of principal and interest in respect of 
the Covered Bonds shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, Taxes (investors being in any case required to comply with the 
applicable obligations). The Issuer will not be obliged to make any additional 
payments in respect of any such withholding or deduction imposed. In order for 
withholding tax not to apply the holders of the Covered Bonds must, inter alia, deliver 
certain tax certifications. See Taxation. 
The Legal Regime  
of Covered Bonds: 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds introduced into Portuguese Law a framework for 
the issuance of certain types of asset covered bonds. Asset covered bonds can only 
be issued by credit institutions licensed under the RGICSF (as defined herein). The 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds establishes that issuers of covered bonds shall 
maintain an asset cover pool, comprised of mortgage credit assets and limited classes 
of other assets, over which the holders of the relevant covered bonds have a

--- Page 14 ---
14 
statutory special creditor privilege.  
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds also provides for (i) the inclusion of certain 
hedging contracts in the relevant cover pool and (ii) certain special rules that apply 
in the event of insolvency of the Issuer. The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the 
Regulatory Notices further provide for (i) the supervision and regulation of issuers of 
covered bonds by the CMVM, (ii) the role of a cover pool monitor in respect of each 
issuer of covered bonds and the relevant cover pool maintained by it, (iii) the role of 
the common representative of the holders of covered bonds, (iv) restrictions on the 
types and status of the assets comprised in a cover pool (including loan to value 
restrictions, weighted average interest receivables and weighted average maturity 
restrictions), (v) asset/liability management between the cover pool and the covered 
bonds, and (vi) automatic extendable maturity structure for covered bonds. See 
Characteristics of the Cover Pool, Insolvency of the Issuer, Common Representative of 
the Holders of Covered Bonds and The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.  
The Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer will qualify as covered bonds for the purposes 
of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds will be senior obligations 
of the Issuer and will rank equally with all other Covered Bonds which may be issued 
by the Issuer. In the event of an insolvency of the Issuer, the holders of the Covered 
Bonds issued by the Issuer, together with the Other Preferred Creditors, will have 
recourse under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds to the Cover Pool in priority to 
other creditors (whether secured or unsecured) of the Issuer who are not preferred 
creditors under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. See Characteristics of the Cover 
Pool - Insolvency of the Issuer. 
Governing Law: 
Unless otherwise specifically provided, the Covered Bonds and all other 
documentation and matters relating to the Programme, including any non-
contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, the Covered Bonds or 
the Programme, are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, 
Portuguese Law.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE OFFER OF COVERED 
BONDS GENERALLY 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds (as defined in Overview of the Covered Bonds 
Programme), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) 
(or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered 
Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action 
may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier 
of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment 
of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with 
all applicable laws and rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II, (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 January 2016 on insurance distribution (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it

--- Page 16 ---
16 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under Commission Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “UK distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered 
Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (“EURIBOR”) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator 
of EURIBOR (the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”)) is included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as 
amended, the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”).

--- Page 17 ---
17 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE (as 
amended or modified from time to time, the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any 
Covered Bonds, all Covered Bonds issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
PROJECTIONS, FORECASTS AND ESTIMATES 
Forward-looking statements, including estimates, and any other projections or forecasts in this document are 
necessarily speculative in nature and some or all of the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements 
may not materialise or may vary significantly from actual results. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD HAVE REGARD TO THE FACTORS DESCRIBED IN THE SECTION HEADED "RISK 
FACTORS" HEREIN  
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in Covered Bonds 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether 
it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered Bonds will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such potential 
investor's financial activities are principally denominated; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisors to determine whether and to what extent (1) Covered Bonds are legal 
investments for it, (2) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other

--- Page 18 ---
18 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any 
applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme is rated “Aa2” by Moody’s, “AA-” by Fitch and “AA” by 
DBRS and any successor to the relevant rating agency. Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may 
be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms. The rating of Covered Bonds may not be the same as the rating applicable to the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus contain certain 
management indicators of performance or alternative performance indicators (“APIs”), which are used by 
management to evaluate Issuer’s overall performance. These APIs are not audited, reviewed or subject to review 
by Issuer’s auditors and are not measurements required by, or presented in accordance with, International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (“IFRS-EU”). Accordingly, these APIs should not be considered 
as alternatives to any performance indicators prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU. Many of these APIs are based 
on Issuer’s internal estimates, assumptions, calculations, and expectations of future results and there can be no 
guarantee that these results will actually be achieved. Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue 
reliance on these APIs. Furthermore, these APIs, as used by the Issuer, may not be comparable to other similarly 
titled indicators used by other companies. Investors should not consider such APIs in isolation, as alternatives to 
the information calculated in accordance with IFRS-EU, as indications of operating performance or as indicators 
of Issuer’s profitability or liquidity. Such APIs must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or 
superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU and investors are advised to review these 
APIs in conjunction with the audited consolidated annual financial statements and the unaudited quarterly 
business activity and results report incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The descriptions (including definitions, explanations and reconciliations) of all APIs are set out in the “Alternative 
Performance Indicators” section of BST’s 2022 Half Year Report and 2021 Annual Report which are both 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see the section titled Documents Incorporated by Reference).

--- Page 19 ---
19 
RISK FACTORS 
The following is a description of the main risks associated with an investment in the Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme. These risk factors are material to an investment in the Covered Bonds and in the Issuer. Most are 
contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of 
their occurrence.  
Prospective investors in the Covered Bonds should carefully read and consider all the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus or incorporated by reference herein, including the risk factors set out in this section, prior to 
making an investment decision. The Issuer believes that the risk factors described below are those considered most 
relevant prior to the issuance of the Covered Bonds, based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact. Although these risks are considered the most significant and likely to affect 
the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations in relation to the Covered Bonds, they may not be the only risks to which 
the Issuer is exposed, and the Issuer may be unable to make payments on or in connection with any Covered Bonds 
for other reasons or due to the identified risks having materialised differently to that expected. The Issuer does not 
represent that the statements below on the risks of holding Covered Bonds are exhaustive. Additional risks or 
uncertainties not presently known to the Issuer or which it currently considers immaterial may also have an adverse 
impact on the Issuer's ability to make payments on or in connection with the Covered Bonds.  
Words and expressions defined in “Definitions” below shall have the same meaning in this section. Where 
information has been sourced from a third party, the Issuer confirms that, as far as it is aware, such information 
has been accurately reproduced. The Issuer only accepts responsibility to the extent that no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer calculates its market 
share data using official sources of information, governmental or otherwise (as applicable). Where no official 
sources exist, the Issuer relies on its own estimates. 
The risk factors described below are those considered, in the Issuer’s assessment, most material and specific to 
the Issuer and most likely to affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Covered Bonds. The risk 
factors have been organised into the following categories: 
• 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activities, operational activities and strategy; 
• 
Risks relating to the financial markets; 
• 
Legal and regulatory risks; 
• 
Risks specific to the Covered Bonds; and 
• 
Risks specific to the Cover Pool. 
Within each category, those risks considered to be the most material are set out first. The order of the categories 
does not imply that any category of risk is more material than any other category.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER’S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES, OPERATIONAL ACTIVITIES AND STRATEGY 
The Issuer is sensitive to changes in the Portuguese economy and to current uncertainties in the macro-
economic context 
The Issuer, together with its consolidated subsidiaries (the “BST Group”), is sensitive to changes in the Portuguese 
economy and to current uncertainties in the macro-economic context. 
The Bank of Portugal projects that the Portuguese economy will grow by 1.5 per cent. in 2023 and 6.8 per cent. in 
2022. The negative effects of the Russian military aggression against Ukraine have intensified throughout 2022, 
implying a relative destabilisation of economic activity from the second quarter of 2022 onwards. According to 
the Bank of Portugal, these effects will become more noticeable in 2023, with a significant deceleration in 
economic growth being anticipated compared to 2022, mainly due to the effect of the reduction in the carry-over 
effect from 3.9 p.p. to 0.6 p.p in 2023. (Source: Bank of Portugal, Economic Projections, December 2022).  
Over the last couple of years, the coronavirus (“COVID-19”) outbreak has had a severe impact on the global 
economy which was acutely felt in Portugal, seeing as it was already facing internal challenges linked to the 
continuing weak situation of the Portuguese banking system and the lack of availability of credit.  
The external and financial environment has deteriorated due to higher inflation and interest rates, with adverse 
effects on real disposable income. These effects have been mitigated in 2022 by the strong performance of the 
labour market — reflected in buoyant employment and nominal wages as well as an increase in the participation 
rate to historically high levels. The resilience of private consumption also stems from households channelling part 
of the savings accumulated during the COVID-19 pandemic crisis into expenditure and from the support measures 
introduced. In contrast, investment is expected to grow only slightly, against a background of heightened 
uncertainty, supply constraints and higher financing costs. Exports, led by the services component, continue to 
recover significantly, albeit decelerating in quarter-on-quarter terms. The economic growth profile in 2022 implies 
a carry-over effect of only 0.6 p.p. in 2023, in clear contrast to this effect in 2022, which reached 3.9 p.p. Inflation 
rose to 8.1 per cent. in 2022 and is expected to rise to 5.8 per cent. in 2023.  
Disruptions to natural gas supplies coupled with skyrocketing gas and electricity prices have increased uncertainty, 
severely hit confidence and led to increasing losses in real income that have caused a stagnation of the euro area 
economy in the second half of 2022 and expected to cause further deterioration in the first quarter of 2023. The 
uncertainty surrounding both the short and medium-term outlook remains at high levels. As the economic 
consequences of the war in Ukraine unfold and fuel the strong inflationary pressures, consumer and business 
confidence have remained subdued, while real disposable incomes are being eroded and soaring cost pressures 
are curtailing production, especially in energy-intensive industries. The negative economic repercussions are 
expected to be partially mitigated by fiscal policy measures. In addition, high levels of natural gas inventories and 
ongoing efforts to reduce demand and replace Russian gas with alternative sources imply that the euro area is 
expected to avoid the need for mandated energy-related production cuts over the projection horizon, although 
risks of energy supply disruptions remain elevated, in particular for the winter of 2023-24. Over the medium term,

--- Page 21 ---
21 
as the energy market rebalances, it is expected that uncertainty will decline, and real incomes will improve. As a 
result, economic growth in the euro area is expected to rebound, also supported by strengthening foreign demand 
and the resolution of remaining supply bottlenecks, despite less favourable financing conditions. The labour 
market is expected to remain relatively resilient to the coming mild recession, reflecting labour hoarding amid still 
significant labour shortages. Overall, annual average real GDP growth is expected to slow down markedly, from 
3.4 per cent. in 2022 to 0.5 per cent. in 2023, and then to rebound to 1.9 per cent. in 2024 and 1.8 per cent. in 
2025. (Source: ECB, staff macroeconomic projections for the euro area, December 2022).  
Inflation in the Euro area is expected to decline from an average of 8.4 per cent. in 2022 to 6.3 per cent. in 2023, 
with inflation declining from 10 per cent. in the last quarter of 2022 to 3.6 per cent. in the last quarter of 2023. 
Inflation is then expected to decline to an average of 3.4 per cent. in 2024 and 2.3 per cent. in 2025. The decline 
in inflation over the projection horizon reflects strong energy-related downward base effects throughout the 
course of 2023, the gradual impact of the normalisation of the ECB’s monetary policy which started in December 
2021, the weaker growth outlook and the assumed decline in energy and food commodity prices, in line with 
futures prices, as well as the assumption that longer-term inflation expectations will remain anchored. (Source: 
ECB, staff macroeconomic projections for the euro area, December 2022).  
Factors such as interest rates, security prices, credit spreads, liquidity spreads, exchange rates, consumer 
spending, changes in client behaviour, business investment, real estate values and private equity valuations, 
government spending, inflation or deflation, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, political events and 
trends, war, terrorism, pandemics and epidemics or other widespread health emergencies (such as COVID-19) all 
impact the economy and financial markets, whether directly or indirectly, including by increasing the sovereign 
debt of certain countries, intensifying volatility and widening credit spreads, which could in turn have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results and financial condition and its ability to access capital and liquidity 
on acceptable financial terms. 
Recent and ongoing developments between Russia and Ukraine are of great concern and currently represent 
one of the main uncertainties for the global economy 
Rising commodity prices, sweeping financial sanctions and the ban on energy imports from Russia following its 
invasion of Ukraine are threatening to hobble the global economy after the damage already inflicted by the COVID-
19 pandemic, with severe impacts on any subsequent trade barriers, exchange controls or financial market 
restrictions and macroeconomic effects, including supply disruptions, pushing up prices for Europe’s export-
focused manufacturing companies. In addition, sanctions on Russian businesses, decision of several companies to 
sever ties with Russia and the deep recession in the country have severely reduced eurozone exports to Russia. 
The war has weighed on household spending through higher prices and greater uncertainty. Although difficult to 
predict as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the tensions caused by Russia’s invasion and any further escalation 
of this conflict may increasingly affect policies on trade, production, duties and taxation globally, and further 
disrupt supply chains across Europe. The Russia-Ukraine conflict has already had a direct impact on the global 
economy and financial markets, causing commodity price volatility, increased inflation, problems related to the

--- Page 22 ---
22 
massive inflow of Ukrainian refugees, increased funding costs and execution risks related to debt issuance in the 
capital markets and the valuation of bonds in bank portfolios. The uncertainty caused by these and other events 
and trends has resulted in, and may continue to result in, increased volatility in the financial markets and a 
deterioration of the economic capacity of the Issuer’s counterparties, which could ultimately reduce the 
availability of funds. Any consequent losses experienced by the Issuer could adversely affect its business activities, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The BST Group is constrained in its ability to obtain funding in the capital markets and may depend on the ECB 
for funding and liquidity  
The ECB currently makes funding available to European banks that satisfy certain conditions, including pledging 
eligible collateral. The financing obtained from the ECB, as at 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021, in each case, 
in the amount of EUR 7.5 billion, was entirely based on long-term operations, through the targeted longer-term 
refinancing operations (“TLTROs”) programme. Net exposure to the Eurosystem stood at EUR 2.6 billion (net 
surplus) and EUR 0.6 billion as at 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021 respectively (compared to EUR 0.7 billion 
and EUR 2.9 billion as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively).  
As at 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021, the BST Group’s portfolio of securities eligible for rediscount with the 
ECB was of EUR 18.6 billion and EUR 19.8 billion, respectively, compared to EUR 20.1 billion and EUR 18.4 billion 
as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively.  
The ECB establishes the valuation and eligibility criteria that eligible securities must meet in order to be used in 
repo transactions with financial institutions. Downgrades of the credit rating of Portugal or Portuguese companies, 
or changes to the valuations or eligibility criteria, can have a negative impact on the portfolio of securities eligible 
for that purpose and reduce the liquidity lines available from the ECB. The amount of ECB funding is tied to the 
value of collateral provided. If the value of the BST Group’s assets declines, the amount of funding it can obtain 
from the ECB will also decline. 
The curtailment or termination of liquidity operations by the ECB, including the end of the ECB’s longer-term 
refinancing operations programme without a substitute or transitional measure, would force the BST Group to 
substitute its financing from the ECB with other potential sources of funding under unfavourable conditions or 
force the BST Group to dispose of its assets, potentially with a high discount to their book values, in order to 
comply with its obligations. In addition, changes to the ECB’s standards of eligible collateral, including removing 
asset classes from the pool of eligible assets or increasing minimum rating requirements of eligible assets, could 
result in certain instruments not being eligible as collateral for ECB funding purposes. The BST Group’s access to 
such funding could be reduced and the cost of funding could increase. The occurrence of any of these events could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
On 7 March 2019, a third series of TLTROs (“TLTRO III”) was launched consisting on a series of ten TLTROs, each 
with a maturity of three years, starting in September 2019 at a quarterly frequency. Borrowing rates in these 
operations can be as low as 50 basis points below the average interest rate on the deposit facility over the period

--- Page 23 ---
23 
from 24 June 2020 to 23 June 2022, and as low as the average interest rate on the deposit facility calculated over 
the life of the respective TLTRO III during the rest of the life of the same operation.  
On 27 November 2022, the ECB decided to recalibrate the conditions of the TLTRO III as part of the monetary 
policy measures adopted to restore price stability over the medium term, aiming to contribute to the 
normalisation of bank funding costs and, in turn, exert downward pressure on inflation. The recalibration also 
removes deterrents to early voluntary repayment of outstanding TLTRO III funds. Earlier voluntary repayments 
would reduce the Eurosystem balance sheet and contribute to the overall monetary policy normalisation. 
From 23 November 2022 until the maturity date or early repayment date of each respective outstanding TLTRO 
III operation, the interest rate on TLTRO III operations will be indexed to the average applicable key ECB interest 
rates over this period. 
Furthermore, three additional voluntary early repayment dates were introduced to provide TLTRO III participants 
with additional opportunities to partly, or fully, repay their respective TLTRO III borrowings before maturity. 
These changes to the terms and conditions of TLTRO III are applicable to all TLTRO III operations still outstanding. 
The BST Group has been introducing measures to diversify its financing sources beyond the ECB and has been 
implementing a deleveraging process by attempting to increase customer funds and reduce customer loans, 
having resumed its financing in the capital markets through the issue of covered bonds. This situation represents 
a risk of increased financing costs, particularly considering the significant difference between the ECB funding cost 
and the cost of collecting deposits and financing operations in the market, which may not be completely offset by 
the process of repricing loans.  
The Issuer’s activity is subject to market risk  
The Issuer’s net income from its assets and liabilities may be adversely impacted due to the materialisation of 
market risks. The most significant market risks the Issuer faces include interest rate, inflation, foreign exchange 
and bond and equity price risks. Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the interest 
rate margin, which is the difference between lending and borrowing costs. Current structural market conditions, 
with low/negative interest rates and increased medium-term funding costs, may negatively impact the Issuer’s 
operating income. 
The Issuer’s results of operations depend on the level of its net interest income, which is the difference between 
interest income from interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities. Interest rates are 
highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer’s control, including deregulation of the financial sector, 
monetary policies, and both domestic and international economic and political conditions, among other factors 
(see the risk factor entitled “Volatility in interest rates or monetary policy could adversely affect the Issuer’s 
business” below). 
Changes in exchange rates affect the value of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and may 
affect income from foreign exchange dealing. In the ordinary course of its business, the Issuer only has a small

--- Page 24 ---
24 
percentage of its assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the euro. Fluctuations in the value of 
the euro against other currencies may positively or adversely affect the Issuer’s profitability. The value of the euro 
against the U.S. dollar may affect earnings from the Issuer’s international operations. These foreign exchange 
fluctuations and the performance of financial markets may cause changes in the value of the Issuer’s investment 
and trading portfolios and may adversely impact the Issuer’s business. The Issuer has implemented risk 
management policies to mitigate and control these and other market risks to which the Issuer is exposed and such 
exposures are constantly measured and monitored. However, it is difficult to accurately predict changes in 
economic or market conditions and to anticipate their effects on the Issuer’s business activity, financial condition 
and the results of its operations. 
The Issuer currently engages in various treasury activities for its own account, including placing euro and foreign 
currency-denominated deposits in the inter-bank market and trading in the primary and secondary markets for 
government securities. Proprietary trading includes taking positions in the fixed income and equity markets using 
cash, derivative products and financial instruments. Although the Issuer’s level of engagement in such activities is 
limited, proprietary trading involves a degree of risk. Future proprietary trading results will in part depend on 
market conditions and any losses experienced by the Issuer could adversely affect its business activities, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
The Issuer is exposed to the depreciation of real estate assets 
Mortgage lending represented around 52.1 per cent. and 50.5 per cent. of the Issuer’s credit portfolio at the end 
of 30 June 2022 and December 2021 respectively (compared with 49 per cent. and 48.4 per cent. at the end of 
June 2021 and December 2020, respectively). Therefore, the Issuer is highly exposed to the Portuguese real estate 
market, both directly through assets related to its operations or obtained in lieu of payment, and indirectly 
through properties securing loans or the funding of real estate promotion projects. This makes the Issuer 
vulnerable to house prices in Portugal and to a depression in the Portuguese real estate market, as it could lead 
to reduced recoveries on real estate assets held as collateral in the event of customer default.  
The residential real estate market in Portugal in general, or in any particular region, may from time to time suffer 
from a decline in economic conditions, notably increased unemployment and disruption in the mortgage lending 
market and in the housing markets and, consequently, the Issuer may experience higher rates of default on 
mortgage loans. In addition, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, fires or widespread health crises (such 
as the COVID-19 pandemic), or the fear of such crises, may weaken economic conditions and lead to a decline in 
the value of real estate located in regions affected by such events. This may reduce the financial resources 
available for individuals and businesses to purchase or invest in real estate property and for individuals to service 
their mortgage loans, which may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business activities, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Economic or political developments beyond the Issuer’s control or a significant devaluation of prices in the 
Portuguese real estate market may increase non-performing loans and decrease the value of the BST Group’s loan 
portfolio. This scenario could lead to impairment losses in the assets held directly by the Issuer and lower recovery

--- Page 25 ---
25 
on mortgage loans in cases where mortgage loans need to be enforced and the relevant properties sold to satisfy 
the Issuer’s credit entitlements. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
Because the Issuer operates in highly competitive markets, including its home market, it may not be able to 
increase or maintain its market share, which may have an adverse effect on its results 
Although the Issuer believes that it holds a strong position, there is substantial competition in the markets in 
which it operates (including, among others, banking, leasing, insurance, investment banking, specialised credit 
and asset management). Customer loyalty and retention can be influenced by a number of factors, including brand 
recognition, reputation, relative service levels, the prices and attributes of products and services, scope of 
distribution, credit ratings and actions taken by existing or new competitors (including non-bank or financial 
technology competitors). A decline in the Issuer’s competitive position could adversely impact its ability to 
maintain or further increase its market share, which would in turn adversely affect its results.  
The principal competitors of the BST Group in the banking sector (ranking in terms of assets as at 31 December 
2022) are CGD, the Millennium BCP Group, the Novo Banco Group and the BPI Group. 
Competition could also increase due to the market entry of new players with new operating models who are not 
burdened by potentially costly legacy operations. These new competitors may use new technologies, advanced 
data and analytic tools, and have a lower cost to serve, reduced regulatory burden and/or faster processes to 
challenge traditional banks. Technological developments have accelerated the adoption of new business models 
and the Issuer may not be successful in adapting to this rapid pace of change or may incur significant costs as a 
result. In particular, the emergence of disintermediation in the financial sector, resulting from new banking, 
lending and payment solutions offered by rapidly evolving incumbents and new challengers, particularly with 
respect to payment services and products, and the introduction of disruptive technology, may impede the Issuer’s 
ability to grow or retain its market share with a resulting impact on its revenues and profitability. 
The Bank may be unable to issue certain own funds and eligible liability instruments and therefore be either 
unable to meet its capital requirements/MREL or be required to meet its capital requirements/MREL through 
more costly instruments 
The Issuer can issue Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments to meet its minimum total capital ratio requirement or 
other regulatory eligible instruments to meet the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
(“MREL”). However, these instruments may be viewed by investors as riskier than other debt instruments, 
primarily due to the risk of capital losses, missed coupon payments, conversion into capital instruments and lack 
of available distributable items. Investor appetite for these instruments may thus decline in the future, which 
could render the Issuer unable to place them in the market. In this case, the Issuer would have to issue CET1 
capital to meet the above mentioned regulatory requirements or issue Additional Tier 1, Tier 2 or other regulatory 
eligible instruments that would entail an associated coupon expense which may have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017, amending Directive 
2014/59/EU on the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy was transposed into the 
Portuguese legal framework by Law no. 23/2019 of 13 March 2019, which, in addition to governing the position 
of unsecured debt instruments in the insolvency hierarchy and providing greater legal certainty to the issuance of 
non-preferred debt, also confers a preferential claim to all deposits vis-a-vis senior debt. 
The Issuer has been notified in June 2022 by the Bank of Portugal of the Single Resolution Board's decision on the 
determination of the MREL requirements to be met by Santander Totta- SGPS, S.A. (“Santander SGPS”), on a 
consolidated basis, in terms of the total risk exposure amount (“TREA”) and the leverage ratio exposure (“LRE”), 
in the following terms: 
Requirement in terms of TREA 
Requirement in terms of LRE 
 
2022 
2024 
 
2022 
2024 
MREL Total 
17.43% 
20.77% 
MREL Total 
6.88% 
7.49% 
MREL Subordinated 
17.05% 
20.77% 
MREL Subordinated 
6.88% 
7.49% 
One of the main objectives of the EU Banking Reforms is to implement the TLAC (as defined below) standard and 
to integrate the TLAC requirement into the general MREL rules (the “TLAC/MREL Requirements”), thereby 
avoiding duplication from the application of two parallel requirements. Although TLAC and MREL pursue the same 
regulatory objective, they are constructed differently. The EU Banking Reforms integrate the TLAC standard into 
the existing MREL rules to ensure that both requirements are met with largely similar instruments, with the 
exception of the subordination requirement, which will be partially institution-specific and determined by the 
resolution authority. Under the EU Banking Reforms, institutions such as BST would continue to be subject to an 
institution-specific MREL requirement, which may be higher than the Pillar 1 TLAC/MREL Requirements for Global 
Systematically Important Institutions (“G-SIIs”) contained in the EU Banking Reforms. Although the specific MREL 
requirements may vary depending on the characteristics of the credit entity (they apply to the resolution 
institution or resolution group, as entities subject to resolution following a Single Point of Entry or Multiple Point 
of Entry resolution strategy) and the resolution process, BRRD2 together with CRR II (as defined below) introduced 
a relevant change in compliance with MREL, which now includes two ratios: (i) a risk ratio (percentage of total Risk 
Weighted Assets (“RWA”) of the resolution entity) and (ii) a non-risk ratio (percentage of the resolution entity's 
total leverage exposure), and empowers the relevant resolution authority to authorise or require (a) compliance 
with additional CET1, Additional Tier 1 or Tier 2 capital ratios (not foreseen in the previous MREL rules) and (b) 
that a certain level of senior liabilities issued by the resolution entity be subject to bail-in. 
The EU Banking Reforms introduced limited adjustments to the existing MREL rules, ensuring technical consistency 
with the structure of any requirements for G-SIIs. Implementation of the TLAC/MREL Requirements were phased-
in from 1 January 2019 (a 16 per cent. minimum TLAC requirement) to 1 January 2022 (an 18 per cent. minimum

--- Page 27 ---
27 
TLAC requirement). The EU Banking Reforms provide that a bank's failure to comply with its TLAC/MREL 
Requirements should be addressed by the relevant authorities based on their powers to address or remove 
impediments to resolution, the exercise of their supervisory powers and their power to impose early intervention 
measures, administrative penalties and other measures. If there is a shortfall in an institution's level of eligible 
liabilities and own funds, and its own funds are otherwise contributing to the “combined buffer requirement”, 
those funds will be automatically used to meet the institution's MREL requirement instead. This may prevent the 
institution from meeting its “combined buffer requirement”. Such failure, considered in addition to the 
TLAC/MREL Requirements, would require such institution to calculate its maximum distributable amount 
according to CRD IV (the “Maximum Distributable Amount”), with the relevant resolution authority imposing 
(subject to a potential 9 months grace period) restrictions to making (i) distributions relating to CET1 capital, (ii) 
payments in respect of variable remuneration or discretionary pension revenues, and (iii) distributions relating to 
Additional Tier 1 instruments (“Discretionary Payments”) above the Maximum Distributable Amount.  
These measures have the objective of safeguarding financial stability, by strengthening the resilience of the 
financial sector and preventing systemic risk. As such, upon the transposition of the EU Banking Reforms, the Bank 
must fully comply with its “combined buffer requirement” in addition to its TLAC/MREL Requirements. Failure to 
comply with these buffers implies restrictions on Discretionary Payments as well as an obligation to submit to the 
competent authorities a capital conservation plan within 5 business days of the breach. 
Liquidity risks resulting from the Issuer’s short-term liabilities towards its customers and new liquidity 
requirements may affect the Issuer’s profitability and lead to an increase in its financing costs 
The Issuer’s primary source of funds has traditionally been its retail deposit base (savings, current and term 
deposits).  
The Issuer’s other funding sources include medium and long-term bond issues and medium-term structured 
products, as well as receivables originated for some securitisation transactions still in place. The Issuer has also 
borrowed money in the money markets. In a scenario where the Issuer is unable to access wholesale market 
funding for short, medium or long-term funding, its liquidity operations with the ECB become increasingly 
important.  
Since the Issuer relies on the aforementioned sources for funding, there is no assurance that, in the event of a 
sudden or unexpected shortage of funds in the market in which it operates, the Issuer will be able to maintain its 
levels of funding without incurring higher funding costs or resorting to the liquidation of certain assets. 
Basel III recommendations endorse the implementation of short and medium/long-term liquidity coverage ratios, 
known as Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”). The LCR addresses the 
sufficiency of high quality liquidity assets to meet short-term liquidity needs in a severe stress scenario.  
The Issuer’s LCR, computed in line with the CRD IV standards, was 145.97 per cent. and 131.6 per cent. as at 30 
June 2022 and 31 December 2021, respectively. The Issuer does not yet disclose its NSFR given that the applicable 
calculation rules are not fully regulated by the competent regulatory authorities. The final definition of NSFR,

--- Page 28 ---
28 
approved by the Basel Committee in October 2014, has already been introduced into the CRR. A management 
limit of 100 per cent. on an ongoing basis was defined.  
The Issuer’s fulfilment of liquidity ratios may lead to the constitution of portfolios with high liquidity assets but 
low profitability. It may also lead to an increase in its financing costs, since the ratios favour long-term over short-
term financing. These changes may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s results of operations. 
The impact on the Issuer of the resolution measures in Portugal cannot be anticipated 
Following the Bank of Portugal’s decision on 3 August 2014 to apply a resolution measure to Banco Espírito Santo, 
S.A. (“BES”), most of its business was transferred to Novo Banco, S.A., a bridge bank specifically set up for that 
purpose and capitalised by the resolution fund – as created by Decree-Law 31-A/2012 of 10 February 2012 (the 
“Portuguese Resolution Fund”).  
On 20 December 2015, the Bank of Portugal applied a resolution measure to Banif, which resulted in BST’s 
acquisition of a set of rights and obligations, comprised of assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets 
under the management of Banif. This operation involved an estimated public support of EUR 2,255 million to cover 
future contingencies, of which EUR 489 million were supported by the Portuguese Resolution Fund and EUR 1,766 
million directly by the Portuguese State. Banif was sold to BST for EUR 150 million on 20 December 2015.  
The Portuguese Resolution Fund is funded by contributions from its participating institutions (including BST) and 
from the Portuguese banking sector – with an initial share capital of EUR 4.9 billion. Of this amount, EUR 300 
million corresponded to the Portuguese Resolution Fund’s own financial resources, EUR 3.9 billion resulted from 
a loan granted by the Portuguese State, and EUR 700 million from a loan granted by credit institutions that are 
members of the Portuguese Resolution Fund, including the Issuer. As of 31 December 2021, BST had financed EUR 
233.8 million of this syndicated loan, which corresponds to 19.9 per cent. thereof. Such amount remains the same 
as of 30 June 2022. As of 30 June 2022, the cost of contributions to the Portuguese Resolution Fund and to the 
deposit guarantee schemes exceeded EUR 41 million, more than the cost of EUR37.7 million recorded as of 30 
June 2021. The Issuer’s pro rata share in the Portuguese Resolution Fund will vary from time to time according to 
the Issuer’s liabilities and own funds, when compared to the other institutions participating in the Portuguese 
Resolution Fund. Contributions to the Portuguese Resolution Fund are adjusted to reflect the risk profile, systemic 
relevance and solvency position of each participating institution. This number varies over time and it is thus 
difficult to determine the Issuer’s exact participation at any given point in time.  
The periodic contributions to the Portuguese Resolution Fund are determined by the application of a contributory 
rate to the end of month outstanding balance of liabilities, deducted by own funds and deposits already included 
in the deposit guarantee scheme. Pursuant to Bank of Portugal’s Instruction (Instrução) 19/2022 for 2023, the rate 
has been set at 0.029 per cent. 
The final impact on BST of the resolution measures applied to BES and/or Banif, or of any other resolution measure 
applied, cannot be anticipated. 
Operational risks, such as systems disruptions or failures, security breaches, cyber-attacks, human error,

--- Page 29 ---
29 
changes in operational practices, inadequate controls, including in respect of third parties with which the Issuer 
does business, may adversely impact its reputation, business and results 
The Issuer faces the risk of the design and operating effectiveness of its controls and procedures being inadequate. 
Operational risks are inherent to the Issuer’s business because its consolidated operations are highly dependent 
on computerised record-keeping, financial reporting and other systems, including point of sale monitoring and 
internal accounting systems, particularly following the centralisation of the Issuer’s information technology 
systems. Increased digital interconnectivity across the BST Group, its customers and suppliers, and the need for 
resilient IT systems, including hardware, software, cloud computing services and cyber-security, remains an 
evolving risk to financial institutions, including the Issuer. Consequently, the Issuer continually monitors these 
risks using advanced administrative and information systems and has insurance coverage for certain operational 
risks. 
The Issuer routinely transmits, receives and stores personal, confidential and proprietary information by email 
and other electronic means. Although BST safeguards its systems and processes, losses may result from under-
trained or under-skilled personnel, IT failures, illegitimate access, cyber-attacks, inadequate or failed internal 
control processes and systems, regulatory or security breaches, human error, employee misconduct including 
fraud, natural disasters or other external events that interrupt normal business operations. Such losses may 
adversely affect its reputation, business and results.  
The Issuer is subject to increasing regulatory requirements, including those foreseen in Regulation (EU) 2016/679 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard 
to the processing of personal data and the free movement of such data, repealing Directive 95/46/EC, as amended 
(the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)), which entered into force on 25 May 2018. The 
implementation and compliance with this regulation (and any additional national legislation passed in the context 
of the GDPR, including Law no. 58/2019, of 8 August) is complex and entails significant costs and time, given that 
the GDPR has introduced substantial changes to data protection standards.  
The Issuer's reputation is one of its most important assets and contributes to its ability to attract and retain 
customers and conduct business with its counterparties. Reputational risk is the probability of negative impacts 
on the Issuer due to an unfavourable public image of the Bank among its customers, suppliers, analysts, 
employees, investors, the media, any other bodies with which the Issuer interacts, and the public in general. 
Reputational issues may arise from the breach (or perceived breach) of legal and regulatory requirements, 
potential conflicts of interest, operational failures, unethical behaviour and lack of commitment to environmental, 
social and governance considerations. 
Although the Issuer continually monitors this risk, it cannot assure potential investors that it will be able to foresee 
the occurrence of reputational issues and avoid its negative consequences. Any failure to address reputational 
risks or any other relevant issues appropriately could make customers, depositors and investors unwilling to do 
business with the Issuer, which could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations

--- Page 30 ---
30 
and could damage its relationships with its regulators. 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of its customers being unable to meet their commitments as and when they 
fall due  
Risks arising from adverse changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from 
counterparties are inherent in the Issuer’s businesses (see the risk factor entitled “The inability of counterparties 
to meet their financial obligations or the Issuer’s inability to fully enforce its rights against counterparties could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s results”). The Issuer is particularly exposed to the risk of its customers 
being unable to meet their commitments as and when they fall due. If the value of the collateral securing the 
Issuer’s loan portfolio declines, the Issuer will be exposed to a higher credit risk and increased risk of non-
performing loans. The Issuer cannot guarantee adequate proceeds from collateral disposals to cover any loan 
losses. 
As at 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021, the non-performing exposure ratio (as per the EBA definition) 
represented 2.2 per cent. and 2.3 per cent. of the total credit portfolio, respectively (compared to 2.5 per cent. 
and 2.6 per cent. as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively) and the non-performing exposure 
coverage ratio stood at 82.1 per cent. and 81 per cent., respectively (compared to 79.2 per cent. and 72.3 per 
cent. as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively). The Issuer cannot guarantee an adequate level of 
provisions and other reserves and that it will not have to take additional provisions for possible impairment losses 
in the future. 
Risks relating to the rules governing the formation of impairments and provisions could adversely affect the 
Issuer’s results, financial condition or regulatory capital position 
IFRS 9 ‘Financial Instruments’ became effective on 1 January 2018 and resulted in loan loss provisions being 
recognised earlier, on a more forward-looking basis and including a broader scope of financial instruments than 
was previously the case under IAS 39. IFRS 9 introduced new requirements as regards (i) classification and 
measurement of financial assets and liabilities, (ii) measurement and recognition of credit impairment on financial 
assets through an expected-loss model, and (iii) hedge accounting. The Issuer adopted IFRS 9, using the modified 
retrospective transition regime, which allowed it not to restate comparable amounts and register the cumulative 
effects of the appreciation of financial assets and liabilities against retained earnings. These effects resulted 
primarily from the recognition of expected loan losses, the revaluation of units and equity instruments at fair value 
and changes in the classification of financial assets in the Issuer’s business model. Any change in the applicable 
requirements of IFRS 9, including as a result of choices made by the Issuer, could have a material adverse effect 
on its results of operations. 
As a result of applying IFRS 9, there may be a material impact on the models used to calculate loan loss provisions 
under IFRS 9, which may cause more volatility in, or higher levels of, loan loss provisions, any of which could 
adversely affect the Issuer’s results, financial condition or regulatory capital position.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
RISKS RELATING TO THE FINANCIAL MARKETS 
The inability of counterparties to meet their financial obligations or the Issuer’s inability to fully enforce its 
rights against counterparties could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s results 
The Issuer’s business operations involve entering into contractual arrangements with customers, suppliers, 
financing partners, reinsurers, trading counterparties, securities lending and repurchase counterparties, 
counterparties under swaps, credit default and other derivative contracts, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing 
houses and other financial intermediaries, which expose the Issuer to counterparty risks.  
Counterparties’ failure to comply with their obligations towards the Issuer due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, 
economic downturns, inflation rates, low oil or other commodity prices, operational failure or other factors, or 
even rumours of potential default, could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s results, financial condition 
and liquidity.  
The Issuer executes a high volume of transactions with customers and counterparties in the financial services 
industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial and investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, insurance 
companies, institutional clients, futures clearing merchants, swap dealers, among others, resulting in large 
periodic settlement amounts and potential credit exposure to one or more such counterparties or customers. As 
such, the Issuer could face concentration risk with respect to liabilities or amounts it expects to collect from 
specific counterparties and customers.  
The Issuer is also subject to the risk of its rights against third parties not being enforceable in all circumstances. 
Deterioration in the credit quality of third parties with securities or obligations held by the Issuer could result in 
losses and/or adversely affect its ability to rehypothecate or otherwise use those securities or obligations for 
liquidity purposes. A significant downgrade in its counterparties’ credit ratings could also have a negative impact 
on the Issuer’s income and risk weighting, leading to increased capital requirements. The termination of contracts 
and the foreclosure on collateral could subject the Issuer to claims, keeping in mind that bankruptcies, 
downgrades and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral tend to increase in times of market 
stress and illiquidity. Any of these developments or losses could materially and adversely affect the Issuer’s 
business and results. 
Volatility in interest rates or monetary policy could adversely affect the Issuer’s business  
Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer’s control, including monetary policies implemented 
by the ECB, as well as domestic and international economic and political conditions. Central banks’ interest rate 
cuts could also lead to a further compression of interest spreads. Overall, significant drops in interest rates can be 
expected to have an adverse effect on the Issuer's net interest income and continued low interest rates will make 
it more difficult to achieve growth. On the other hand, higher interest rates could lead to certain borrowers 
becoming unable to service their debts, resulting in a higher proportion of non-performing loans. 
Inflationary pressures have significantly increased since 2021 and especially in 2022 as a result of the Russia-
Ukraine conflict. In this context, several central banks, including the ECB, signalled the need to accelerate the

--- Page 32 ---
32 
removal of monetary policy stimuli. In addition to the high volatility seen in the interest rate markets and in 
financial markets globally, with a general rise in risk premia, the prospect of a sharp increase in interest rates has 
generated fears of deceleration or even contraction in global economic activity. 
A rise in interest rates could reduce customer demand for credit, which could in turn reduce the Issuer’s ability to 
originate credit for its customers, as well as contribute to an increase in the default rate of its customers. 
After almost 7 years of negative EURIBOR rates, on 21 July 2022, the ECB decided to raise euro area interest rates 
by 50 basis points, i.e. 0.5 per cent., in an effort to curb the record inflation prevailing in the eurozone. However, 
EURIBOR rates were already in positive territory before the ECB’s decision. The 12-month rate turned positive in 
April 2022, with the 6-month and 3-month rates reaching that threshold in June and mid-July, respectively. On 8 
September 2022 and 27 October 2022, the ECB decided to further raise euro area interest rates by 75 basis points 
in each meeting, totalling a 150 basis points increase. Recently, on 15 December 2022 and 2 February 2023, the 
ECB decided to again raise the euro area interest rates by 50 basis points in each meeting. The ECB is expected to 
further raise interest rates since inflation remains far too high.  
If the Issuer is unable, for any reason, to re-price or adjust the rates on its interest earning assets, in response to 
changes in rates on its interest bearing liabilities, in an expedited or effective manner, as a result of economic or 
other reasons, the Issuer’s interest income margins would be adversely affected, which may in turn negatively 
affect its business and financial performance. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS  
The Issuer is subject to the European recovery and resolution framework, which dictates the procedures and 
measures available for any resolution of the Issuer, including the bail-in tool  
In May 2014, the EU Council and the EU Parliament approved a Directive establishing a framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and 
of the Council, of 15 May 2014, establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, the “BRRD”). The BRRD aims to equip national authorities with harmonised tools 
and powers to promptly tackle crises in banks and investment firms and to minimise costs for taxpayers. These 
tools and powers include: 
(a) 
preparatory and preventive measures (including the requirement for banks to have recovery and 
resolution plans); 
(b) 
early supervisory intervention (including powers for authorities to take early action to address emerging 
problems); and 
(c) 
resolution tools, including bail-in, which are intended to ensure the continuity of essential services and 
manage the failure of a credit institution in an orderly way; these tools may be used when the authorities 
consider an institution’s failure has become highly likely and a threat is posed to public interest. 
The BRRD was implemented in Portugal by a number of legislative acts, including Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 March,

--- Page 33 ---
33 
as amended, which have amended the Portuguese Legal Framework of Credit Institutions and Financial Companies 
(hereinafter, “RGICSF”) (enacted by Decree-Law 298/92, of 31 December, as amended), including the 
requirements for the application of preventive measures, supervisory intervention and resolution tools to credit 
institutions and investment firms in Portugal. 
The implementation of resolution measures must pursue any of the following objectives:  
• 
Ensure the continuity of essential financial services; 
• 
Prevent serious consequences to financial stability; 
• 
Safeguard public treasury and taxpayers’ interests by minimising the use of public funds;  
• 
Safeguard depositors and investors' confidence; or 
• 
Protect the funds and assets held for and on behalf of clients and related investment services.  
For the purposes of applying resolution measures, an institution is considered to be failing or likely to fail when, 
in the near future:  
• 
The institution is, or is likely to be, in breach of its requirements for maintaining its licence; 
• 
The institution’s assets have or are likely to become lower than its liabilities;  
• 
The institution is, or is likely to be, unable to pay its debt as it falls due; or 
• 
Extraordinary public financial support is required.  
Upon the entry into force, on 1 January 2016, of Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014, of 15 July 2014, establishing 
uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the 
framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund, amending Regulation (EU) No. 
1093/2010 (“SRM Regulation”), as amended from time to time, the Bank of Portugal’s powers as resolution 
authority in relation to certain credit institutions, including the Issuer, were transferred to the resolution authority 
within the Banking Union established by the SRM Regulation – the “Single Resolution Board”.  
The resolution measures that can be implemented by the resolution authority, either individually or in 
conjunction, are, notably: 
(i) 
Sale of business tool: transfer to a purchaser, by decision of the resolution authority, of shares or other 
ownership instruments or of some or all rights and obligations, corresponding to assets, liabilities, off-
balance sheet items and assets under management, of the institution under resolution, without the 
consent of its shareholders or of any third party other than the acquirer;  
(ii) 
Bridge institution tool: establishment of a bridge institution by the resolution authority, to which shares 
or other ownership instruments or some or all rights and obligations, corresponding to assets, liabilities, 
off-balance sheet items and assets under management, of the institution under resolution are 
transferred without the consent of its shareholders or of any third party;

--- Page 34 ---
34 
(iii) 
Asset separation tool (to be used only in conjunction with another resolution measure): transfer, by 
decision of the resolution authority, of rights and obligations, corresponding to assets, liabilities, off-
balance sheet items and assets under management, of an institution under resolution or of a bridge 
institution to one or more asset management vehicles, without the consent of the shareholders of the 
institutions under resolution or of any third party other than the bridge institution. Asset management 
vehicles are legal persons fully or partially owned by the relevant resolution fund; 
(iv) 
Bail-in tool: write-down or conversion by the resolution authority of certain obligations of an institution 
under resolution, as defined under the applicable law (other than, for instance, covered deposits and 
secured obligations, such as Covered Bonds). However, to the extent that the Cover Pool is insufficient 
to meet all claims of the holders of Covered Bonds, such holders will have an unsecured claim over the 
Issuer for the uncovered claims, thus being subject to bail-in. In exceptional circumstances, when the 
bail-in tool is implemented, the resolution authority may exclude or partially exclude certain liabilities 
from the application of the write-down or conversion powers. This exception shall apply when strictly 
necessary and proportionate and shall fall under the specific requirements provided by law. 
Resolution measures may be applied to institutions if the resolution authority considers that an 
institution and/or certain other members of the institution's group meet the following conditions 
(“Resolution Conditions”): (a) they are failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that 
such failure will be avoided within a reasonable timeframe by the adoption of measures by the 
institution and/or certain other members of its group, the application of early intervention measures or 
of a Non-Viability Loss Absorption Measure (as defined below), (c) a resolution action pursues any of the 
public interests listed above and (d) such public interests would not be pursued more effectively by the 
commencement of winding-up proceedings against the relevant institution. 
When applying any resolution measure, the resolution authority shall ensure that an institution’s first losses are 
borne by its shareholders, followed by its creditors (except depositors covered by a deposit guarantee scheme), 
in an equitable manner and in accordance with the order of priority of the various classes of creditors under 
normal insolvency proceedings. Resolution measures are not subject to the prior consent of an institution’s 
shareholders or of the contractual parties related to assets, liabilities, off-balance sheet items and assets under 
management to be sold or transferred. These actions may have a direct impact on shareholders and on the BST 
Group’s expected returns and an indirect impact through changes to the institution’s business activities. 
If an order were to be made under the RGICSF currently in force in respect of an entity (including the Issuer), such 
action may affect the entity’s ability to satisfy its existing contractual obligations (including limiting its capacity to 
meet repayment obligations). The use of resolution tools could result in the cancellation, modification or 
conversion of any unsecured portion of the liability in respect of the Covered Bonds and/or in other modifications 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and/or the Programme Documents. 
The bail-in resolution tool may be used alone or in combination with other resolution tools, where the resolution 
authority considers that an institution meets the Resolution Conditions. This empowers the resolution authority

--- Page 35 ---
35 
to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution and/or to convert certain unsecured 
debt claims into equity, potentially subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool.  
Although there are pre-conditions for the exercise of the bail-in power, there remains uncertainty regarding the 
specific factors which the relevant resolution authority may consider in deciding whether or not to exercise the 
bail-in power with respect to the relevant financial institution and/or securities issued by that institution. 
Furthermore, even though the bail-in powers are not intended to apply to secured debt (such as the Covered 
Bonds), whether or not securities issued by the Issuer will be subject to write-down, conversion or bail-in, is likely 
to be inherently unpredictable. Such a determination in relation to the Covered Bonds is not inconceivable. 
In addition to the resolution tools described above, the RGICSF further empowers the resolution authorities to 
permanently write-down or convert relevant capital instruments into equity (CET1 instruments) capital 
instruments such as Tier 2 instruments and Additional Tier 1 capital instruments at the point of non-viability of an 
institution or such institution's group and before any other resolution action has been taken (the “Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption Measure”). Under the RGICSF, the point of non-viability is when any of the following conditions 
are met: 
• 
the resolution authority determines that an institution or its group meets any of the Resolution 
Conditions and no resolution measure has been applied yet; 
• 
the resolution authority determines that an institution or its group will no longer be viable unless the 
relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted; or 
• 
extraordinary public support is required and without such support the institution would no longer be 
viable. 
The write-down and conversion tools may be exercised independently of, or in combination with, the resolution 
tool. The implementation of write-down or conversion tools in relation to any of the BST Group’s entities could 
have a material adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, where capital instruments are converted into equity securities under the mandatory conversion 
tool, those equity securities may be subject to bail-in powers in resolution, resulting in their cancellation, 
significant dilution or transfer away from their investors. 
The exercise of any resolution powers under the RGICSF and/or any write-down or conversion into equity could 
adversely affect the rights of any holders of Covered Bonds, the price or value of their investment in the Covered 
Bonds and/or the Issuer’s ability to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds. Prospective investors in the 
Covered Bonds should consider the risk of losing their full investment, including principal and any accrued interest, 
if resolution measures are applied. 
The Issuer is subject to complex regulation, including regulatory capital and liquidity requirements, which may 
change 
The Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry and, accordingly, could be adversely affected by regulatory

--- Page 36 ---
36 
changes in Portugal, the EU or foreign countries in which it operates. Although the Issuer works closely with its 
regulators and continually monitors this situation, future changes in regulation, taxation or other policies can be 
unpredictable and are beyond its control. Extensive regulation by the ECB, the EBA and the Bank of Portugal could 
hinder the Issuer’s growth by increasing compliance costs and/or reducing profitability.  
The implementation in the EU of Basel III has led to the approval of the package comprised of Directive 
2013/36/EU (as amended, the “CRD IV”), implemented in Portugal by Decree-Law 157/2014, of 24 October 2014, 
and Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, amending Regulation (EU) no. 648/2012 (as amended, 
the “CRR”, and, together with the CRD IV, “CRD IV/CRR”). The CRD IV/CRR reinforced the capital requirements of 
banks, imposing different minimum capital ratios (e.g. CET1 ratio, Tier 1 ratio and total ratio), and changed the 
definition of regulatory capital. The CRD IV includes general rules, supervision powers and requirements relating 
to wages, governance and disclosure, having also introduced the following additional capital buffers, to be met 
with CET1: 
(a) 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of RWA; 
(b) 
countercyclical capital buffer rate of between 0 and 2.5 per cent. of RWA, pursuant to the conditions to 
be established by the competent authorities; and 
(c) 
systemic risk buffer: (i) applicable to institutions of global systemic importance between 1 and 3.5 per 
cent. of RWA; (ii) applicable to other institutions of systemic importance between 0 and 2 per cent. of 
RWA; and (iii) macroprudential systemic risk between 1 and 3 per cent. or between 3 and 5 per cent. of 
RWA, depending on the economic situation. 
While the final Basel III standards were set to be implemented starting from January 2022 with the output capital 
floor being phased-in, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, implementation has been deferred by one-year to 
increase the operational capacity of banks and supervisors to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic. These reforms 
started from 1 January 2023 and will be phased in over five years.  
As at 30 June 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Issuer had a CET1 ratio and Tier 1 ratio of 16.4 per cent. and 26.4 
per cent., respectively, which compares with 22.9 per cent., and 20.8 per cent. respectively, in the equivalent 
periods of 2021 and 2020. For more information regarding the solvency ratios, please see the section “Description 
of the Issuer – Solvency Ratios”. In the exercise of its powers as national macro-prudential authority, the Bank of 
Portugal decided to set the countercyclical buffer rate at 0 per cent. of the TREA, with effect from 1 January 2016. 
This buffer applies to all credit exposures to the domestic private non-financial sector of credit institutions and 
investments firms in Portugal subject to the supervision of the Bank of Portugal or the ECB (Single Supervisory 
Mechanism), as applicable. The Bank of Portugal’s last review of the countercyclical buffer was on 30 December 
2022, having confirmed the 0 per cent. rate of the TREA for the first quarter of 2023. This decision is reviewed on 
a quarterly basis. 
Further to a notification of the ECB, the Bank of Portugal imposed capital buffers on credit institutions identified

--- Page 37 ---
37 
as systemically important institutions (“O-SIIs”). For that purpose, on 30 November 2017, the Bank of Portugal 
published a table identifying the banking groups classified as O-SIIs and the respective capital buffers, as a 
percentage of total RWA. Simultaneously, the Bank of Portugal also published a more detailed document on the 
methodology for the identification and calibration of the O-SIIs buffer. 
Santander SGPS is currently in compliance with the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”). 
According to the notification served by the ECB regarding minimum prudential requirements, to be fulfilled in 
2023 on a consolidated basis, the minimum own funds requirements to be observed from the referred date, 
calculated as a ratio of total RWA, are as follows: 
 
2023 
Pillar 1 
Pillar 2 
Buffers 
CET1 
8.344%  
4.500%  
0.844%  
3.00%  
T1 
10.125%  
6.000% 
1.125%  
3.00%  
Total 
12.500%  
8.000%  
1.500%  
3.00%  
The buffers include the capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent.) and the O-SII buffer (0.5 per cent.). The Pillar 2 
requirement, in 2023, defined under SREP, is 1.5 per cent.. 
As at 31 December 2021, Santander SGPS had a CET1 ratio of 26.4 per cent. (fully implemented), a Tier 1 ratio of 
26.4 per cent., and a total capital ratio of 29 per cent., in compliance with all the capital ratios required by the ECB 
under SREP. Furthermore, as at 30 September 2022, Santander SGPS had a CET1 ratio of 17.31 per cent. (fully 
implemented), a Tier 1 ratio of 19.90 per cent., and a total capital ratio of 20.30 per cent.  
The CRD IV and CRR were further strengthened by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019, amending the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the NSFR, requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures 
to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, and reporting and disclosure requirements (as amended, 
“CRR II”), and by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019, 
amending the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers, and capital conservation measures (as amended, 
“CRD V”). The CRR II and CRD V introduced a new market risk framework, revisions to the large exposures regime 
and NSFR. The NSFR is intended to ensure that institutions are not overly reliant on short-term funding. The CRR 
II’s application is staggered, in accordance with Article 3 of the CRR II, from 27 June 2019 to 28 June 2023. The 
CRD V amends the CRD IV and was transposed into Portuguese law on 9 December 2022 by Law no. 23-A/2022, 
of 9 December, which was already promulgated and has now entered into force.  
Recent developments in the banking market suggest that even stricter rules may be applied by a new framework 
(“Basel IV”), which would require more stringent capital requirements and greater financial disclosure. Basel IV is 
likely to introduce higher leverage ratios, more detailed disclosure of reserves and the use of standardised models, 
rather than banks' internal models, for the calculation of capital requirements. Following the publication of

--- Page 38 ---
38 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD 
(“BRRD2”), credit institutions have also been subject to more burdensome capital and other legal requirements, 
as these become applicable. On 9 December 2022, Law no. 23-A/2022, of 9 December, transposing the BRRD2 
was promulgated and entered into force. Certain of the BRRD2’s requirements relate to the implementation of 
the total loss absorbing capacity (“TLAC”) standard, applicable from January 2022. The TLAC standard requires 
global systemically important banks to hold certain ratios of instruments and liabilities (as a percentage of their 
respective RWA), which should be available during resolution to absorb losses.  
Implementation of the TLAC/MREL Requirements was phased-in from 1 January 2019 (a 16 per cent. minimum 
TLAC requirement) to 1 January 2022 (a 18 per cent. minimum TLAC requirement). 
In addition to the above, on 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation 
on technical aspects of a new review of BRRD (“BRRD III”), the SRM Regulation (“SRM III”), and Directive 
2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes (as 
amended). This public consultation was open until 20 April 2021 and split into two main sections: a section 
covering the general objectives of the review, and a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders' 
experience with the COVID-19 crisis and framework and the need for changes in the future framework, notably 
regarding (i) resolution, liquidation and other available measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of 
harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on the ‘no creditor worse off’ principle, and (iii) depositor 
insurance. Further work will be needed and legislative proposals on this topic are still expected. 
Consequently, the Issuer could face more intense and complex regulation, increasing its compliance costs. If the 
Issuer is required to raise its regulatory capital but is unable to do so on acceptable terms, it may have to reduce 
its RWA and possibly dispose of core or other non-core businesses on unfavourable terms, including at lower 
prices. Changes to the manner in which regulatory capital is calculated could adversely affect the Issuer’s current 
capital ratios. 
In this context, a new regime that establishes the rules for banking activity (the “Banking Activity Code”) (Código 
de Atividade Bancária), which aims to replace the RGICSF has been subject to public consultation. The proposed 
Banking Activity Code introduces changes and/or updates on matters of, among others, internal governance, 
conflicts of interest and related parties, non-cooperative offshore tax jurisdictions, duties of information and 
administrative procedures and supervisor enforcement. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no further 
legislative procedures have been developed. 
The Issuer’s continued implementation of these measures may also have a significant impact on its capital and on 
its assets and liabilities management, as new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of transactions 
in which the Issuer participates, or introduce changes to the fees and commissions charged by the Issuer on certain 
loans or other products. Any of these events may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition and on the results of its operations. 
The EU has adopted a deposit guarantee scheme directive that may result in additional costs to the BST Group

--- Page 39 ---
39 
On 2 July 2014, Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 providing 
for the establishment of deposit guarantee schemes (the “recast DGSD”) and introducing harmonised funding 
requirements (including risk-based levies), protection for certain types of temporary high balances, a reduction in 
pay-out deadlines, harmonisation of eligibility categories (including an extension of scope to cover deposits by 
most companies regardless of size) and new disclosure requirements throughout the EU, entered into force. The 
recast DGSD was transposed into Portuguese law through Law no. 23-A/2015, of 26 March 2015, as amended by 
Law no. 66/2015, of 6 July 2015.  
Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014, as amended, establishes uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution 
of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund. 
As a result of these developments, the BST Group may incur additional costs and liabilities. The indirect costs of 
the deposit guarantee systems may also be significant, even if they are much lower than the direct contributions 
to the fund, such as in the case of the costs associated with the provision of detailed information to clients about 
products, as well as compliance with specific regulations on advertising for deposits or other products similar to 
deposits. 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE COVERED BONDS 
Legal Risk 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 (the “CBD”) and 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 were published 
in the Official Journal on 18 December 2019 and came into effect on 7 January 2020.  
The CBD replaces current Article 52(4) of Directive 2009/65/EC on undertakings for collective investment in 
transferable securities (as amended) and establishes a revised common base-line for the issue of covered bonds 
for EU regulatory purposes (subject to various options that Member States may choose to exercise when 
implementing the new directive into their national legal orders). 
The CBD has been transposed into Portuguese national legislation by Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, and 
entered into force on 1 July 2022, approving the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (as defined herein). 
In accordance with the transitional provisions of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, an issuer of covered bonds 
under the Covered Bonds Law may apply to the CMVM, as supervisory authority, to convert its existing covered 
bonds programme, under the Covered Bonds Law, to a covered bonds programme compliant with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds. The Issuer has submitted the application to the CMVM. The CMVM authorised such 
conversion, and thus this Base Prospectus is compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. The Issuer was 
the first Portuguese credit institution to convert its previous covered bonds programme under the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds. The new legislative framework has not yet been tested and, unlike the Covered Bonds Law, 
there is currently no secondary legislation, thus possible uncertainties of interpretation may arise, including as a 
result of consideration by CMVM of public consultation no. 1/2023 in relation to the new legislative framework

--- Page 40 ---
40 
which was made available by the CMVM on 7 February 2023. Accordingly, there is a risk that certain changes may 
need to be reflected in the Programme (including the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) in order for it 
to continue to be compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
Prospective investors should therefore inform themselves of the above legal changes, including, inter alia, the 
differences between the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds Law, in addition to any other 
regulatory requirements applicable to their investment in the Covered Bonds.  
Ratings of the Covered Bonds are not recommendations and ratings may be lowered, withdrawn or qualified 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. The Issuer is 
under no obligation to maintain any rating for itself or for the Covered Bonds. Ratings may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks discussed in this section and any other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. 
A securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation. Each securities rating should be 
evaluated independently of any other securities rating. In the event that any rating initially assigned to the 
Covered Bonds is subsequently lowered, withdrawn or qualified for any reason, the Issuer will not be obliged to 
provide any credit facilities or credit enhancement to restore the original rating. Any such lowering, withdrawal 
or qualification of a rating may have an adverse effect on the liquidity and market price of the Covered Bonds. 
Ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds assess the likelihood of full and timely payment of the interest due on each 
Interest Payment Date to holders of the Covered Bonds, and of the ultimate payment of principal in relation to 
the Covered Bonds either on their Final Maturity Date or on the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. Ratings 
only address the credit risks associated with the transaction. Other non-credit risks are not addressed, but may 
have a significant effect on yield for investors. Due to the methodology used by the main rating agencies, the 
Issuer’s credit rating may be affected by the rating of Portugal’s sovereign debt. If Portugal’s sovereign debt is 
downgraded, the Issuer’s credit rating is likely to be downgraded by an equivalent amount. 
In addition, the negative economic impact which may be caused by events such as certain meteorological 
conditions, natural disasters, fires or widespread health crises or the fear of such crises (such as COVID-19) may 
result in downgrades to the ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds. If any rating assigned to the Covered Bonds is 
lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced. 
European regulated institutions are in general restricted from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the 
EEA under the CRA Regulation, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant 
third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that

--- Page 41 ---
41 
apply in certain circumstances). 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK regulated 
investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating 
agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) 
issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this 
is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not 
having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances.  
If the status of the rating agency rating the Covered Bonds changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Covered Bonds may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Covered Bonds and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information with 
respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer has not requested a rating of the Covered Bonds from any rating agency other than the Rating Agencies. 
However, there can be no assurance as to whether any other rating agency will rate the Covered Bonds and what 
rating it may assign the Covered Bonds. 
Absence of a secondary market 
The Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued. There can be no assurance that a 
secondary market for the Covered Bonds will develop or, if it does develop, that it will provide holders of the 
Covered Bonds with liquidity of investment or that it will continue for the entire life of the Covered Bonds. 
Consequently, any purchaser of the Covered Bonds may not be able to sell them easily or at prices that will provide 
a yield comparable to similar investments that already have a developed secondary market. Purchasers of Covered 
Bonds must be prepared to hold the Covered Bonds until their final redemption. The market price of the Covered 
Bonds could be subject to fluctuation due to variations in the value of the underlying mortgage-backed credits, 
the market for similar securities, prevailing interest rates, changes in regulation and general market and economic 
conditions, among other factors. Prospective investors should also be aware of the prevailing and widely reported 
global credit market conditions and the general lack of liquidity in the secondary market for instruments similar 
to the Covered Bonds. Additionally, since the withdrawal process of the UK from the European Union, there has 
been increased volatility in the capital, currency and credit markets, which has recently been further enhanced by 
the disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the ongoing turbulent developments involving Russia and 
Ukraine. 
The value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing 
national and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR) have been the subject of 
ongoing national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some reforms are already

--- Page 42 ---
42 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented, with further changes being anticipated. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or to have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Covered Bonds referencing such a benchmark.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, 
the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of 
benchmarks provided by administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and 
the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks 
of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable could have a material impact 
on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark, particularly if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could reduce or increase the rate or level, or affect the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark (including EURIBOR). 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms or proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a benchmark and complying with the associated regulations or requirements. Such factors may (i) 
discourage market participants from continuing to administer or to contribute to benchmarks; (ii) trigger changes 
in the rules or methodologies used in benchmarks; (iii) lead to the disappearance of certain benchmarks. 
The working group on euro risk-free rates published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions in new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk 
to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.  
Furthermore, to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the European Union approved the final 
text of Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the EU Benchmarks Regulation as regards the exemption of certain 
third-country spot foreign exchange benchmarks and the designation of replacements for certain benchmarks in 
cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. The new framework delegates the Commission to 
designate a replacement for benchmarks qualified as critical under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, where the 
cessation or wind-down of such benchmarks might significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets within 
the EU. In particular, the designation of a replacement for a benchmark should apply to any contract and financial

--- Page 43 ---
43 
instrument, as defined in MiFID II, that is subject to the law of a Member State. In addition, with respect to 
supervised entities, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 extends the transitional period for the use of third-country 
benchmarks until 2023 and the Commission may further extend this period until 2025 by a delegated act to be 
passed before 15 June 2023. On 10 February 2021, the Council of the European Union adopted Regulation (EU) 
2021/168, which was published in the Official Journal on 12 February 2021 and entered into force the following 
day. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported 
going forward. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential elimination of benchmarks, such as EURIBOR, the 
establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in how a benchmark is administrated could also require 
adjustments to the terms of benchmark-linked securities and may result in other consequences, such as interest 
payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have 
been made on those securities if the relevant benchmark was still available in its current form. 
Based on the foregoing, prospective investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
any of the reforms or pressures described above or any other changes to a relevant interest rate 
benchmark (including EURIBOR) could affect the level and volatility of the published rate; 
(b) 
the elimination of EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any 
benchmark, could require an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the Terms and 
Conditions, or result in adverse consequences to holders of any Covered Bonds linked to such 
benchmark. Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature 
of alternative reference rates and the potential effects of such changes may adversely affect such 
benchmarks during the term of the relevant Covered Bonds, the return on the Covered Bonds and the 
trading market for securities (including the Covered Bonds) based on those benchmarks; and 
(c) 
if EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark is discontinued or is otherwise unavailable, 
then the rate of interest on the Covered Bonds will be determined for a period by the relevant fallback 
provisions, although such provisions, being dependent in part upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for leading banks (in the Euro-zone interbank market, in the case of EURIBOR), may 
not operate as intended (depending on market circumstances and the availability of rates information 
at the relevant time).  
Moreover, any of the above or any other significant change to EURIBOR or any other interest rate benchmark 
could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Covered 
Bonds linked to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark. No assurance may 
be provided that relevant changes will not occur with respect to EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate 
benchmark and/or that such benchmarks will continue to exist. Investors should consider these matters, consult 
their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks when making any

--- Page 44 ---
44 
investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds. Investors in Floating Rate Covered Bonds which reference 
EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark should be mindful of the interest rate fallback provisions 
applicable to such Floating Rate Covered Bonds and the adverse effect this may have on the value or liquidity of, 
and return on, any Floating Rate Covered Bonds linked to EURIBOR or any other relevant interest rate benchmark. 
Covered Bonds may be subject to an Extended Maturity feature 
An Extended Maturity Date may apply to each Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. If an 
Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds, the 
maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be automatically extended (subject to any earlier redemption 
on an Interest Payment Date, as described in the paragraph below) to the Extended Maturity Date if either (i) the 
Issuer fails to redeem the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the applicable Maturity Date and it is foreseeable 
(as determined by the Issuer) that such failure will continue for 5 Business Days thereafter or (ii) the authorisation 
of the Issuer as a credit institution is revoked by the competent banking supervisory authority, and in each case 
notice thereof has been (or, in the case of (ii), is subsequently) given to CMVM, all as further described in Condition 
6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions. If within 10 calendar days 
of receiving such notice, CMVM objects to such extension of maturity, the extension of maturity will then cease 
to apply and the relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount together 
with any accrued interest determined in accordance with Condition 4.4(B) of the Terms and Conditions on the 
applicable Maturity Date or (if the date such objection is received by the Issuer from CMVM is after the applicable 
Maturity Date) the Extension Cessation Date.  
In the event of any extension of maturity of a Series of Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 6.7 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer may also redeem all or part of the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of those Covered Bonds on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the 
Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable 
Final Terms. The interest payable on the Principal Amount Outstanding of any Series of Covered Bonds that has 
had its maturity extended pursuant to Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the 
Terms and Conditions (and provided CMVM has not objected to any such extension) will change as provided in 
the applicable Final Terms and such interest may apply on a fixed or floating basis. Neither (i) the extension of 
maturity of any Series of Covered Bonds from the applicable Maturity Date to the applicable Extended Maturity 
Date nor (ii) any redemption of such Covered Bonds on the applicable Extension Cessation Date pursuant to 
Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) of the Terms and Conditions will entitle the 
holders of such Covered Bonds to accelerate payments on those Covered Bonds or constitute an event of default 
for any purpose, and no payment will be due to the holders of Covered Bonds in that event other than as set out 
in the Terms and Conditions (see Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds), as amended by the applicable Final 
Terms. In respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, in case of liquidation or resolution of the Issuer, no extension 
to an Extended Maturity Date will (i) affect the ranking between any holders of Covered Bonds or (ii) invert the 
sequencing of the original maturity schedule of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
Although the CMVM has approved the conversion of the Programme, no assurance can be given by the Issuer that 
the CMVM will not oppose the extension of any Series of Covered Bonds in the future.  
Benefit of special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório) 
The holders of Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme, whether outstanding at the date hereof 
or in the future, benefit from a special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório) over all assets comprised in the 
Cover Pool in relation to the payment of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds (see Characteristics of the 
Cover Pool). The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds establishes that any Hedge Counterparties, at the date hereof 
and in the future, are also preferred creditors of the Issuer and benefit from the abovementioned special creditor 
privilege. None of the assets comprised in the Cover Pool are or will be exclusively available to meet the claims of 
the holders of certain Covered Bonds ahead of those of other holders of Covered Bonds or of Other Preferred 
Creditors of the Issuer at the date hereof or in the future. 
The Terms and Conditions provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms and Conditions in respect of a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate as determined by an Independent Adviser without any requirement for 
consent or approval by the holders of the Covered Bonds 
Any changes to the administration of a benchmark or screen rate, or the emergence of alternatives to such 
benchmark or screen rate as a result of potential reforms, may cause the benchmark or screen rate to perform 
differently from in the past, to be discontinued, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
The potential discontinuation of a benchmark or screen rate or changes to its administration could require changes 
to the way in which the Rate of Interest is calculated on Covered Bonds referencing such benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable). Uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to the 
benchmarks or screen rates referenced by the Covered Bonds may adversely affect the value of and return on the 
Covered Bonds and the trading market for securities referencing such benchmark or screen rate. 
The Terms and Conditions also provide for certain fall-back arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event 
occurs in relation to Covered Bonds for which Screen Rate Determination applies. Either (i) the Issuer will appoint 
an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate to be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate (and in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread); or (ii) if the Issuer 
is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed is unable to determine the 
relevant rates, the Issuer may (after consulting with the Independent Adviser (if any)) determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate to be used in place of the Original Reference Rate (and in either 
case, the applicable Adjustment Spread). The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
(including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) to determine the Rate of Interest may result in the 
Covered Bonds performing differently (including paying a lower Rate of Interest for any Interest Period) than they 
would have performed had the Original Reference Rate continued to apply. 
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (and in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread) is determined by an Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as the case may be, the Terms and Conditions

--- Page 46 ---
46 
provide that the Issuer may vary the Terms and Conditions and the Set of Agency Procedures as necessary, to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, without any requirement for 
consent or approval by the holders of the Covered Bonds. 
There is no guarantee that any Adjustment Spread will be effective in reducing or eliminating any economic 
prejudice or benefit to holders of the Covered Bonds or that, due to the particular circumstances of each holder 
of the Covered Bonds, any such adjustment will be favourable to each holder. Furthermore, there is no guarantee 
that a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate will be determined or applied. Any of the foregoing could 
have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, the Covered Bonds. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate is determined, 
the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may 
result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate last observed on the Relevant Screen 
Page. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
presented by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any of the 
international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions when 
making any investment decision with respect to Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark.  
Eligibility of the Covered Bonds for Eurosystem Monetary Policy 
Covered Bonds may be intended to be held in a manner which will allow for Eurosystem eligibility, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. However, this does not mean that they will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem (“Eurosystem Eligible Collateral”), 
either upon issue or at any other time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria as specified by the ECB. If the Covered Bonds do not satisfy these criteria specified 
by the ECB, there is a risk that they will not be recognised as Eurosystem Eligible Collateral. The Issuer gives no 
representation, warranty, confirmation or guarantee to any investor in the Covered Bonds that the Covered Bonds 
will, either upon issue or at any other time during their life, satisfy any or all requirements for Eurosystem eligibility 
and be recognised as Eurosystem Eligible Collateral. 
The Covered Bonds are intended to be labelled as “European Covered Bond (Premium)” 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are able to be labelled as “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)”, as set out in Article 42(2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that the Covered Bonds 
are in compliance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR, and the Cover Pool comprises of only 
assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and the requirements under paragraphs 1a to 3 of Article 129 of the CRR 
are met). Given that the labelling of the Covered Bonds as “European Covered Bond (Premium)” depends on the 
fulfilment of legal requirements under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR, investors should consider, 
amongst other things, any regulatory impacts when deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds. No

--- Page 47 ---
47 
assurance or representation is given by the Arranger or any of the Dealers as to the assets that comprise the Cover 
Pool (including, without limitation, whether such assets comply with Article 129(1) of the CRR) nor as to any label 
assigned to any Series of Covered Bonds (including, without limitation, where such Covered Bonds are labelled as 
“European Covered Bond (Premium)”). See also the risk factor “No independent investigation in relation to the 
assets in the Cover Pool” below.  
RISKS SPECIFIC TO THE COVER POOL 
Dynamic Nature of the Cover Pool 
The Cover Pool is expected to comprise of only assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR. The Cover Pool shall 
comprise of Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to include the Cover Pool mortgage credits which are 
located in Portugal as Primary Assets. 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds permits the composition of the Cover Pool to be dynamic. Accordingly, the 
composition of mortgage credits (and other permitted assets) in the Cover Pool will change from time to time, in 
accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. For further information in respect of the Cover Pool, see 
Characteristics of the Cover Pool.  
Hedging Contracts 
Hedging contracts can be entered into exclusively to hedge risks such as interest rate risk, exchange rate risk and 
liquidity risk. The Issuer is entitled but not required to enter into hedging contracts under the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds, except if the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool are denominated in different currencies, in which 
case the Issuer shall hedge any exchange rate risk coverage. See Characteristics of the Cover Pool – Hedging 
Contracts. 
Risks relating to the effects of depreciation in the value of the relevant property on the Cover Pool 
In the event of insolvency, winding-up and dissolution of the Issuer, the Cover Pool over which the holders of 
Covered Bonds have a special creditor privilege in relation to payment of the principal and any due and future 
interest will be segregated from the insolvent estate of the Issuer and will form an autonomous estate not being 
liable for any of its debts until any outstanding amounts payable to the holders of Covered Bonds and 
counterparties of derivative contracts are fully paid, even in the event of liquidation of the Issuer. However, if the 
assets comprised in the Cover Pool are insufficient to meet interest and principal payments, the holders of 
Covered Bonds will rank pari passu with unsecured creditors of the Issuer in relation to the remaining assets of 
the Issuer. 
The security for a mortgage credit included in the Cover Pool consists of, among other things, a mortgage over a 
property granted in favour of the Issuer. The value of this property and, accordingly, the level of recovery on the 
enforcement of the mortgage may be affected by, amongst other things, a decline in the value of the relevant 
property and no assurance can be given in this regard.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
A situation where a mortgage must be enforced to pay the holders of Covered Bonds is, however, highly unlikely 
because the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds establishes that any mortgage credits delinquent for over 90 days 
must be substituted. 
Amortisation of Mortgage Credits 
Mortgage credits included in the Cover Pool are subject to the amortisation of principal and payment of interest 
on a monthly basis, as well as early repayments of principal at any time, in whole or part, by the relevant 
borrowers. Such early repayments may result in the Issuer being required to include further mortgage credits 
and/or substitution assets in the Cover Pool in order to comply with the financial matching requirements under 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
No independent investigation in relation to the assets in the Cover Pool 
Neither the Dealers nor the Arranger have or will undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in 
respect of any assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Pool, but will instead rely on the representations 
and warranties provided by the Issuer in the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
providing information on the Issuer and the Covered Bonds which, according to their respective nature, is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the Issuer’s assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses, and prospects, as well as of the features and characteristics of the Covered Bonds. This 
Base Prospectus is not a prospectus for the purposes of section 12(a)(2) or any other provision of the US Securities 
Act. 
The format and contents of this Base Prospectus comply with the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, 
the Prospectus Delegated Regulations, the Portuguese Securities Code and all laws and regulations applicable 
thereto. 
Third party information has been included in this Base Prospectus. Where such third party information has been 
used, the source of such information has been specified. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, as far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the 
relevant source, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.  
In accordance with, and for the purposes of, Articles 149, 150 and 238(1) and (3)(a) of the Portuguese Securities 
Code, the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors, the members of its Audit Committee and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados, Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. (“PwC”), are responsible 
for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and each of them declares that, to the best of its knowledge 
(having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus for which it is responsible pursuant to the aforementioned Articles is in accordance with the facts and 
contains no omissions likely to affect the import of such information. 
The Issuer further confirms that (i) this Base Prospectus is true, accurate and complete in all material respects and 
is not misleading; (ii) that the opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held by it and based on 
reasonable assumptions; (iii) that there are no other facts in relation to the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus the omission of which would make any statement, opinion or intention 
expressed herein misleading in any material respect; and (iv) that all reasonable enquiries have been made to 
verify the foregoing. 
In accordance with Article 149(3) (directly and ex vi Article 238(1)) of the Portuguese Securities Code, liability of 
the abovementioned entities is excluded if any such entity proves that the addressee knew or should have been 
aware of the inaccuracies in the contents of this Base Prospectus on the date of issue of the contractual declaration 
or when the respective revocation was still possible. Pursuant to Article 150 of the Portuguese Securities Code, 
the Issuer is strictly liable (i.e. independently of fault) if any of the members of its Board of Directors, its Audit 
Committee or PwC is held responsible for such information. Further to Article 238(3)(b) of the Portuguese 
Securities Code, the right to compensation based on the aforementioned responsibility statements is to be

--- Page 50 ---
50 
exercised within 6 months of the party seeking compensation becoming aware of an inaccuracy in the contents 
of this Base Prospectus or the amendment thereto, and ceases, in any case, 2 years following disclosure of (i) this 
Base Prospectus for the admission to trading on a regulated market or (ii) the amendment thereto that contains 
the defective information or forecast. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents deemed to be incorporated herein by 
reference (see Documents Incorporated by Reference). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed, and any 
decision to invest in the Covered Bonds should be made, on the basis that such documents are so incorporated 
and form part of this Base Prospectus as a whole. 
Other than in relation to the documents deemed to be incorporated by reference (see Documents Incorporated 
by Reference), the information found on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of 
this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CMVM. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in, or not consistent with, this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger (as defined in Definitions), the Common 
Representative (as defined in Overview of the Covered Bonds Programme) or any of the Dealers.  
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds shall, in any 
circumstances, imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time after the 
date hereof or after the date on which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented, or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of or as at any time subsequent to the 
date indicated in the document containing such information. 
If, between the date of this Base Prospectus and the closing date of any offer or the date of any admission to 
trading made thereunder, any new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included 
in this Base Prospectus occurs, or if the Issuer becomes aware of a previously existing fact not disclosed in this 
Base Prospectus, any of which may affect the assessment of any Covered Bonds, the Issuer will prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
The Arranger, the Common Representative and the Dealers expressly refrain from undertaking any review of the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme and from advising any investor in the 
Covered Bonds of any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, amongst other things, the 
most recent financial statements, if any, of the Issuer when deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered 
Bonds. 
Important information relating to the use of this Base Prospectus and the sale or offer of the Covered Bonds 
generally 
This Base Prospectus or any Final Terms do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Covered Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such

--- Page 51 ---
51 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder or 
assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically 
indicated to the contrary, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers (save for application 
by the Issuer for the CMVM’s approval of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation) which would permit a public offering of any Covered Bonds or the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Programme or the Covered Bonds issued thereunder in 
any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material relating to the Programme or the Covered Bonds issued thereunder may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that would result in compliance with any applicable securities laws 
and regulations. Each Dealer has represented or, as the case may be, will be required to represent that, to the 
best of its knowledge, all offers and sales made by it will be made on the terms indicated above. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe, any applicable restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of the 
Covered Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or 
sale of Covered Bonds in the United States, the EEA (including, among other countries, Belgium), the UK, 
Switzerland, Singapore and Japan. See Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements.  
None of the Arranger, the Common Representative and the Dealers or any of their affiliates has separately verified 
(i) the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or (ii) any statement, representation or 
warranty, or compliance with any covenant, of the Issuer contained in any Covered Bonds or any other agreement 
or document relating to any Covered Bonds or made in connection with the Programme, or any other agreement 
or document relating to the Programme. Accordingly, none of the Arranger, the Common Representative or the 
Dealers makes any representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with 
respect to (a) the accuracy or completeness of any of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or (b) the 
execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, genuineness, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of 
any Covered Bonds or any other agreement or document relating to any Covered Bonds or the Programme. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the 
Covered Bonds is intended to provide the basis for any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Common Representative or the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other financial information supplied in connection with the Programme should 
purchase the Covered Bonds.  
No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the Issuer’s financial condition or affairs during the life of the Programme

--- Page 52 ---
52 
or to advise any investor in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme of any information coming to their 
attention. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds should: (i) determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, (ii) make its own 
independent investigation of the Issuer’s financial condition and affairs, and assessment of the Issuer’s 
creditworthiness, and (iii) make its own determination of the suitability of any such investment in light of its own 
circumstances, considering its own investment objectives and experience, as well as any other factors relevant to 
such an investment, in each case, based upon such investigation as it deems necessary.  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, other than to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may 
apply, any offer of Covered Bonds in any Member State of the EEA will be made pursuant to an exemption under 
the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Covered Bonds. 
Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of the EEA of Covered Bonds 
which are the subject of a placement contemplated in this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation to the offer of those Covered Bonds, may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for 
the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus pursuant to, respectively, Articles 3 and 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Member State of the EEA or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Member State of the EEA and notified to the competent authority in that Member State of the EEA and 
(in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by Final Terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State of the EEA and such offer is made in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or its final terms, as applicable. 
Except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor 
do they authorise, the making of any offer of Covered Bonds in circumstances in which an obligation arises for 
the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Issuer make any representation to any investor in the Covered Bonds regarding the 
legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Covered Bonds should be able to bear 
the economic risk of its investment for an indefinite period of time.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents as disclosed in English language shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part 
of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 2020, together with the auditors’ reports prepared in connection therewith (available at 
www.santander.pt and at www.cmvm.pt), including the information set out at the following pages in 
particular:  
Alternative Performance Indicators 
Pages 61 to 63 (out of 258) 
Consolidated financial statements  
Pages 103 to 108 (out of 258) 
Consolidated balance sheet statement as of December 31, 
2020 and 2019 
Page 104 (out of 258) 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss as of December 31, 
2020 and 2019 
Page 105 (out of 258) 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income as of 
December 31, 2020 and 2019  
Page 106 (out of 258) 
Consolidated statement of changes in shareholders’ equity 
for the periods ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 
Page 107 (out of 258) 
Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended 
December 31, 2020 and 2019 
Page 108 (out of 258) 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 109 to 245 (out of 258) 
Reports and opinions on the consolidated business 
Pages 246 to 257 (out of 258) 
(ii) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial year ended 31 
December 2021, together with the auditors’ reports prepared in connection therewith (available at 
www.santander.pt and at www.cmvm.pt) (the “2021 Annual Report”), including the information set out at 
the following pages in particular:  
Alternative Performance Indicators 
Pages 70 to 72 (out of 282) 
Consolidated financial statements  
Pages 117 to 122 (out of 282) 
Consolidated statement of financial position as of 
December 31, 2021 and 2020 
Page 118 (out of 282) 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss as of December 31, 
Page 119 (out of 282)

--- Page 54 ---
54 
2021 and 2020 
Consolidated statement of other comprehensive income as 
of December 31, 2021 and 2020 
Page 120 (out of 282) 
Consolidated statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
for the periods ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
Page 121 (out of 282) 
Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended 
December 31, 2021 and 2020 
Page 122 (out of 282) 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 123 to 268 (out of 282) 
Reports and opinions on the consolidated business 
Pages 269 to 281 (out of 282) 
(iii) 
the unaudited and unreviewed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the half year 
ended 30 June 2022 (available at www.santander.pt and at www.cmvm.pt) (the “2022 Half Year Report”), 
including the information set out at the following pages in particular:  
Alternative Performance Indicators 
Pages 42 to 44 (out of 183) 
Consolidated financial statements  
Pages 46 to 51 (out of 183) 
Consolidated statement of financial position as of June 30, 
2022 and December 31, 2021 
Page 47 (out of 183) 
Consolidated statement of profit or loss for the six-month 
periods ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 
Page 48 (out of 183) 
Consolidated statement of other comprehensive income 
for the six-month periods ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 
Page 49 (out of 183) 
Consolidated statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
for the six-month period ended June 30, 2022 and financial 
year 2021 
Page 50 (out of 183) 
Consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month 
periods ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 
Page 51 (out of 183) 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 52 to 182 (out of 183) 
(iv) 
the bylaws (including an English language translation thereof) of the Issuer (available at 
https://www.santander.pt/pdfs/investor-relations/santander-totta-sa/governo-sociedade/contrato-
sociedade/Estatutos-BST-Ingles.pdf). 
(v) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contained in the previous Base Prospectuses dated 14 
August 2014, 29 July 2015, 14 July 2016, 19 July 2017, 26 July 2018, 31 May 2019, 29 May 2020, 20 May

--- Page 55 ---
55 
2021 and 25 May 2022, each as supplemented. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not specifically listed is incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus for information purposes only. Any documents themselves incorporated by 
reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the CMVM in accordance with Articles 3 and 23, respectively, of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS AND CLEARING SYSTEM 
The Covered Bonds will be held through a central securities depository (“CSD”) which will be the Portuguese 
domestic CSD, Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A. as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários (“Interbolsa”). 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Interbolsa currently in effect. The information in this section concerning Interbolsa has been 
obtained from sources that the Issuer believes to be reliable, but none of the Dealers or the Arranger take any 
responsibility for the accuracy thereof. Investors wishing to use the facilities of Interbolsa are advised to confirm 
the continued applicability of its rules, regulations and procedures. None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any of the 
Dealers will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on 
account of, interests in the Covered Bonds held through the facilities of Interbolsa or for maintaining, supervising 
or reviewing any records relating to such interests. 
Interbolsa registers securities for its participants and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities 
transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective participants. Interbolsa provides various 
services, including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of domestically and internationally 
traded securities and securities lending and borrowing.  
The address of Interbolsa is Avenida da Boavista, 3433, 4100-138 Porto, Portugal. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act and may not be offered 
or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons unless an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the US Securities Act is available or in a transaction not subject to the registration 
requirements of the US Securities Act (see Subscription and Sale and Secondary Market Arrangements). 
Accordingly, the Covered Bonds will be offered and sold only outside the United States in reliance upon Regulation 
S under the US Securities Act. 
General 
Interbolsa manages a centralised system (sistema centralizado) composed of interconnected securities accounts, 
through which such securities (and inherent rights) are held and transferred, and which allows Interbolsa to 
control at all times the amount of securities so held and transferred. Issuers of securities, financial intermediaries, 
the Bank of Portugal and Interbolsa, as the controlling entity, all participate in such centralised system.  
The centralised securities system of Interbolsa provides for all the procedures required for the exercise of 
ownership rights inherent to the covered bonds held through Interbolsa. 
In relation to each issue of securities, Interbolsa’s centralised system comprises, inter alia, (i) the issue account, 
opened by the relevant issuer in the centralised system and which reflects the full amount of issued securities; 
and (ii) the control accounts opened by each of the financial intermediaries which participate in Interbolsa’s

--- Page 57 ---
57 
centralised system, and which reflect the securities held by such participant on behalf of its customers in 
accordance with its individual securities accounts. 
Covered Bonds will be attributed an International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”) code through the 
codification system of Interbolsa and will be accepted for clearing through LCH. Clearnet, S.A., the clearing system 
operated at Interbolsa as well as through the clearing systems operated by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and settled by Interbolsa’s settlement system. Under the procedures of Interbolsa’s settlement 
system, settlement of stock exchange transactions takes place on the third Business Day after the trade date and 
is provisional until the financial settlement that takes place on the settlement date. Covered Bonds may be 
attributed Financial Instrument Short Name ("FISN"), Classification of Financial Instruments ("CFI") code and/or 
other securities identifier, which will be contained in the Final Terms relating thereto.  
Form of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be in book-entry form (forma escritural) and title to the Covered Bonds will 
be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code and the 
applicable CMVM regulations. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of Covered Bonds held 
through Interbolsa. The Covered Bonds will be nominative Covered Bonds (nominativas). 
The Covered Bonds of each Series will be registered in the relevant issue account opened by the Issuer with 
Interbolsa and will be held in control accounts by each Affiliate Member of Interbolsa on behalf of the holders of 
the Covered Bonds. Such control accounts reflect at all times the aggregate of Covered Bonds held in the individual 
securities accounts opened by the holders of the Covered Bonds with each of the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa. 
The expression “Affiliate Member of Interbolsa” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold 
control accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each person shown in the records of an Affiliate Member of Interbolsa as having an interest in Covered Bonds 
shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount of the Covered Bonds recorded therein. 
Registering the Covered Bonds with Interbolsa does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for the Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life, as such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa 
Payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of principal and interest (i) in Euros will be (a) credited, according to the 
procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, to TARGET2 payment current accounts held in the payment system of 
TARGET2 according to the applicable procedures and regulations of Interbolsa by the Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited with such Covered Bonds and thereafter (b) 
credited by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the aforementioned payment current-accounts to the

--- Page 58 ---
58 
accounts of the owners of those Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in 
accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be; (ii) in currencies other than Euro will be (a) transferred, on the payment date and according to the procedures 
and regulations applicable by Interbolsa, from the account held by the relevant Paying Agent in the Foreign 
Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by CGD, to the relevant 
accounts of the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, and thereafter (b) transferred by such Affiliate Members 
of Interbolsa from such relevant accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Covered Bonds or through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the 
beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
The Issuer must provide Interbolsa with a prior notice of all payments in relation to Covered Bonds and all 
necessary information for that purpose. In particular, such notice must contain: 
(a) 
the identity of the Paying Agent responsible for the relevant payment; and 
(b) 
a statement of acceptance of such responsibility by the Paying Agent. 
The Paying Agent notifies Interbolsa of the amounts to be paid for payments to be processed in accordance with 
Interbolsa procedures and regulations. In the case of a partial payment, the amount held in the TARGET 2 current 
account of the Paying Agent must be apportioned pro-rata between the accounts of the Affiliate Members of 
Interbolsa. 
Transfer of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds held through Interbolsa may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and 
requirements of Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Covered 
Bonds. No owner of a Covered Bond will be able to transfer such Covered Bond, except in accordance with 
Portuguese Law and the applicable procedures of Interbolsa.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
FINAL TERMS FOR COVERED BONDS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme, subject only to the deletion of non-applicable provisions, is set out below: 
Final Terms dated [●].  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution (recast), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA might be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”), (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
 
 
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 2 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET 
MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II")/MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 3  
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES ONLY TARGET 
MARKET 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018/EUWA] ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
 
 
 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will 
be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be “Applicable”. 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms, to outline the product approval process of any applicable EU MiFID manufacturer.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 4  
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE (as 
amended or modified from time to time, the “SFA”) - [Insert notice if classification of the Covered Bonds is not 
“prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)].]5 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche of Covered Bonds] [[●] per cent./Floating Rate/Zero 
Coupon] Covered Bonds due [●] 
under the EUR 12,500,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DESCRIBED HEREIN) ARE COVERED BONDS ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH DECREE-
LAW 31/2022, OF 6 MAY 2022 (THE “LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS”). THE ISSUER HAS THE CAPACITY TO 
ISSUE COVERED BONDS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS. THE FINANCIAL 
OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE COVERED BONDS ARE SECURED BY THE COVER POOL MAINTAINED 
BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Covered Bonds described herein. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 9 March 2023 [and the 
supplement[s] dated [●] [and [•]]] (the “Base Prospectus”) which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. A copy of the Base Prospectus [and any 
supplements thereto] [is] [are] available for viewing at www.cmvm.pt and www.santander.pt. A copy of these Final 
Terms is available for viewing at <https://www.santander.pt/institucional/investor-relations/santander-totta-
 
 
 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms, to outline the product approval process of any applicable UK MiFIR manufacturer. 
5 Relevant Manager(s)/Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the 
offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
sa/emissao-de-divida>. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
any previous base prospectus whose terms and conditions are incorporated by reference herein as so supplemented 
or any other subsequent base prospectus.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the “Terms and Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date], as 
supplemented, which is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 9 March 2023 [and the 
supplement[s] dated [●]] (the “Base Prospectus”), which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for 
the purposes of Article 8 the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. A copy of the Base Prospectus [and any supplements thereto] [is] [are] 
available for viewing at <www.cmvm.pt> and <www.santander.pt>. A copy of these Final Terms is available for 
viewing at < https://www.santander.pt/institucional/investor-relations/santander-totta-sa/emissao-de-divida>.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, consideration should be given 
as to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
 
Issuer: 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Covered Bonds will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Covered Bonds 
become fungible.) 
2. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Covered 
Bonds: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[●]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
(ii) Specify whether Covered Bonds are to 
be admitted to trading:  
[Yes (if so, specify each Series/Tranche)/No] 
 
(iii) Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
3. 
 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) [Interest Commencement Date]: 
[specify if different from the Issue Date/Issue Date/Not 
Applicable] 
(NB: An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Covered Bonds, for example Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds.) 
4. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[specify date (for Fixed Rate Covered Bonds) or (for 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
(NB: Maturity Date should not be less than 2 years 
from the Issue Date.) 
(NB: In case (i) no Extended Maturity Date is specified 
or (ii) an Extended Maturity Date is specified when a 
Series of Covered Bonds with no Extended Maturity 
Date feature is outstanding, the Issuer, when deciding 
the applicable Maturity Date, shall ensure that such 
change will not affect the ranking of outstanding 
Covered Bonds nor invert the sequencing of the 
original maturity schedule of outstanding Covered 
Bonds in case of resolution or liquidation.) 
5. 
 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
[insert date] (The date shall be at least one year after 
the Maturity Date, provided that in any case the Issuer 
may not specify an Extended Maturity Date that is 
earlier than the applicable Extended Maturity Date for 
any other outstanding Series of Covered Bonds with an 
earlier Maturity Date.) 
 
6. 
 
Interest Basis: 
(i) 
Period to (and including) Maturity Date 
(or the Extension Cessation Date, if 
applicable): 
 
 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[EURIBOR] +/- Margin 
[Margin = [●] per cent.] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below)

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
(ii) Period from (but excluding) Maturity 
Date up to (and including) Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable] 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[EURIBOR] +/- Margin 
[Margin = [●] per cent.] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below)  
7. 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Other (specify)] 
8. 
 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Covered 
Bonds into another Interest or Redemption/ Payment 
Basis] 
9. 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
(i) 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unconditional and 
senior obligations of the Issuer and rank equally with 
all other covered bonds issued or to be issued by the 
Issuer. The Covered Bonds will qualify as covered 
bonds for the purposes of the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds. 
 
(ii) [Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds obtained]: 
[●] 
(NB: Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Covered Bonds) 
10. 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
11. 
 
Listing/Admission to Regulated Market: 
[Euronext Lisbon /Other (specify)/None] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE  
12. 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If subparagraphs (i) and 
(ii) not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date

--- Page 65 ---
65 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F).) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/other (specify)] in arrear] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/other (specify)] in 
arrear]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F).) 
 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
/ [other (specify)]] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable][[●] in each month up to and including 
the Extended Maturity Date]/[other (specify)] 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F).) 
(NB: This will need to be amended in the case of long 
or short coupons) 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[[●] per [●] in nominal amount] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [[●] per [●] in nominal amount]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F).) 
 
(iv) Broken Amount: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken interest 
amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount [(s)] and the Interest Payment Date(s) 
to which they relate.] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert particulars of any initial or final 
broken interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)] and the Interest

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Payment Date(s) to which they relate.]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F).) 
 
(v) Day Count Fraction  
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)/Other (specify)] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable] [30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
/Other (specify)] 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F).) 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
[[Insert day(s) and month(s) on which interest is 
normally paid (if more than one, then insert such dates 
in the alternative)] in each year.] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable] [Insert day(s) and month(s) on which 
interest is normally paid (if more than one, then insert 
such dates in the alternative).] 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Fixed Rate Covered 
Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F).) 
 
(vii) Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds: 
[None/give details] 
13.  
Floating Rate Covered Bonds Provisions 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date (subject to 
Condition 6.7(F).) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
• 
To Maturity Date: 
 
 
[●]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(ii) Business Day Convention: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following (Adjusted) Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
Other (give details)] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/[Floating Rate Convention/ Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
(Adjusted) 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention/Other (give details)] (State 
“Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(iii) Additional Business Centre(s): 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
[●] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [●]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(iv) Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(v) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
 
 
[Banco Santander Totta, S.A./[●]] 
[Elect and fill-in the second alternative only if a 
Calculation Agent has been appointed other than the 
Agent]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/[Banco Santander Totta, S.A./[●]] 
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date, in which case 
the last alternative shall be elected and filled-in only if 
a Calculation Agent has been appointed other than the 
Agent.) 
 
(vi) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
A. To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] (Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if Euribor) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of Euribor, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions accordingly) 
 
B. From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[●] 
 
• 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] (Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if Euribor) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] (in the case of Euribor, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions accordingly) 
 
(vii) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph.) 
(If applicable, and “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected 
below, note that “Administrator/Benchmark Event”, 
“Generic Fallbacks” and “Calculation Agent Alternative 
Rate Determination” are not workable in a notes 
context. Amendments will therefore need to be made 
to the Terms and Conditions which will require a 
Prospectus Regulation drawdown prospectus for the 
issue.) 
 
A. To Maturity Date (or the Extension

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions).) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate.) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the Interest Period.) 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following item 
'Compounding Method'.) 
 
• 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[Specify] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[Specify] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [Specify]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
(If not applicable, delete the following item 'Averaging 
Method.') 
 
• 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[Specify] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[Specify] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [Specify]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following item 'Index 
Method'.) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
B. From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
• 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions).) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where 
the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate.) 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of 
the Interest Period.) 
 
• 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following item 
'Compounding Method'.) 
 
• 
Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[Specify] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[Specify] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [Specify]/[Applicable 
Business Days]]

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
• 
Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following item 'Averaging 
Method'.) 
 
• 
Averaging Method: 
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[Specify] Applicable Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [[Specify] Lockout Period Business Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Lockout Period Business Days: [Specify]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
• 
Index: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following item 'Index 
Method'.) 
 
• 
Index Method: 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period 
Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[Specify] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As specified in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions)] 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(viii) Margin(s):

--- Page 73 ---
73 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/ [+/-] [●] per cent. per annum (State 
“Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(ix) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum (State “Not 
Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date applies and 
the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] per cent. per annum (State “Not 
Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date applies and 
the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(xi) Day Count Fraction: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Other] 
(see Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives) 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/  
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)  
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360

--- Page 74 ---
74 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
30E/360 
Other] (see Condition 4 (Interest) for alternatives)  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
 
(xii) Fall 
back 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions, denominator and any other 
terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest on Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, if different from those 
set out in the Terms and Conditions: 
• 
To Maturity Date (or the Extension 
Cessation Date, if applicable): 
 
 
 
 
[●] 
 
• 
From Maturity Date up to Extended 
Maturity Date (subject to Condition 
6.7(F)): 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
(State “Not Applicable” unless Extended Maturity Date 
applies and the Covered Bonds are Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds after the Maturity Date.) 
14. 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Any other formula/basis of determining 
amount payable: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Day Count Fraction in relation to late 
payment: 
[Condition 6.6 applies/Other (specify)] 
(consider applicable day count fraction if not U.S. 
dollar denominated) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
15. 
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Covered Bond and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
 
[●]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Notice period (if other than as set out in 
the Terms and Conditions): 
[●] (NB: If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
16. 
 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Covered Bond and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●] (NB: If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent) 
17. 
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond: 
[●] per Covered Bond of [●] Specified Denomination 
18. 
 
[Early Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond payable on an event of default and/or 
the method of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from that set out in 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase))]: 
(NB: The Final Redemption Amount shall correspond at 
least to the nominal amount) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS  
19. 
 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
Book-Entry form (forma escritural) 
Nominative form (nominativas) 
20. 
 
Other final terms: 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
(When adding on any other final terms consideration 
should be given as to whether such terms constitute 
‘‘significant new factors’’ and consequently trigger the 
need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)

--- Page 76 ---
76 
DISTRIBUTION  
21. 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(ii) Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and date of relevant 
agreement] 
22. 
 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
23. 
 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
24. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Covered Bonds 
may constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Applicable” should be specified) 
25. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” 
should be specified. If the Covered Bonds may 
constitute “packaged” products and no KID will be 
prepared in the UK, “Applicable” should be specified) 
26. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction) 
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms for issue and admission to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Lisbon. The Base Prospectus and the form of Final Terms allows for admission to trading on other regulated 
markets of the Covered Bonds described herein pursuant to the EUR 12,500,000,000 Covered Bonds Programme 
of Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer is responsible for the information contained in these Final Terms. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain [from 
information published by [specify source]], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced

--- Page 77 ---
77 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:  
By: 
................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 78 ---
78 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application [has been made/ is expected to be made] for the 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [Euronext Lisbon 
/Other (specify)/None] with effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
Ratings 
 
Ratings:  
The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been]/[are expected 
to be] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated 
defined terms]. Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
[European Economic Area (“EEA”) / United Kingdom (“UK”)] 
and is registered under [Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “CRA Regulation”) / Regulation (EC) no. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”)]: 
 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
 
[DBRS:[●]]  
[Other: [●]] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
the Covered Bonds being issued.) 
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in the [EEA / UK] 
and is registered under the [CRA Regulation / UK CRA 
Regulation.]  
However, the ratings [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
endorsed by [insert the name of the relevant EEA / UK entity] 
in accordance with the [CRA Regulation / UK CRA 
Regulation]. [Insert the name of the relevant EEA / UK 
entity] is established in the [EEA / UK] and registered under 
the [CRA Regulation / UK CRA Regulation].  
[Insert brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
3. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
Save for fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds (Issue Price minus the fees payable to the Managers/Dealers) 
and Estimated Total Expenses (the total expenses relating to admission to trading and the fees payable to 
the Managers/Dealers) 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus / Give 
Details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base Prospectus if 
reasons for the offer differ from what is disclosed in the 
Base Prospectus, give details)] 
 
[(ii)] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
[(iii)] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
5. 
Yield  
 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of 
the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
 
 
[The yield for Floating Rate Covered Bonds is an 
estimation only and calculated with reference to the Rate 
of Interest that would be payable if the Issue Date would 
be an Interest Payment Date and on the assumption that 
such Rate of Interest (comprising the relevant rate + 
margin) would not change in the future. Investors should 
be aware that the Rate of Interest payable on each 
Interest Payment Date will be subject to the variation of 
the relevant Reference Rate. The index used to calculate 
the yield was [•]] 
6. 
Operational Information 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
CFI: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
FISN: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes] [No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be registered 
with Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de 
Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de Valores 
Mobiliários, S.A. in its capacity as a securities settlement 
system, and does not necessarily mean that the Covered 
Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon 
satisfaction 
of 
the 
Eurosystem 
eligibility 
criteria.][include this text if “yes” selected above] 
 
Intended to be labelled as “European Covered 
Bond (Premium)”: 
[Yes] [No]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any 
Tranche of Covered Bonds shall complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Covered 
Bonds. Reference should be made to “Final Terms for Covered Bonds” for a description of the content of Final Terms 
which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Covered Bonds. 
THE COVERED BONDS (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS) ARE COVERED BONDS ISSUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS). THE ISSUER (AS DEFINED IN THESE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS) IS A CREDIT INSTITUTION WITH THE CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS PURSUANT TO THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED 
BONDS. THE FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS ARE SECURED BY THE ASSETS 
THAT COMPRISE THE COVER POOL (AS DEFINED BELOW) MAINTAINED BY THE ISSUER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LEGAL REGIME OF 
COVERED BONDS. 
IT IS THE INTENTION OF THE ISSUER, BUT NOT ITS CONTRACTUAL UNDERTAKING, THAT ANY COVERED BONDS TO BE ISSUED ARE ABLE 
TO BEAR THE LABEL “EUROPEAN COVERED BOND (PREMIUM)”, AS FORESEEN IN ARTICLE 42(2) OF THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED 
BONDS. THE ACTUAL ABILITY FOR SUCH LABEL TO BE USED WILL DEPEND ON THE COMPLIANCE OVER TIME WITH THE RELEVANT 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS AND OF ARTICLE 129 OF THE CRR.  
This Covered Bond is one of a Series (as defined below) of covered bonds issued by Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
(the “Issuer”) in accordance with the procedures set out in the Set of Agency Procedures (as defined below). 
References herein to the Covered Bonds shall be references to the Covered Bonds of this Series and shall mean 
the book-entries corresponding to the units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
The Covered Bonds have the benefit of a set of agency procedures (such set of agency procedures as amended 
and/or supplemented and/or restated, the “Set of Agency Procedures”) dated 4 April 2008 and made and agreed 
by Banco Santander Totta, S.A. (acting in its capacity as Agent and Paying Agent, which expressions shall include 
any successors, and as Issuer) and by any subsequent agent and/or paying agent appointed by the Issuer. 
Any reference to “holders of Covered Bonds” shall mean the persons in whose name the Covered Bonds are 
registered in the relevant securities account held with Interbolsa. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and 
“Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered Bonds 
which are (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) identical in all respects (including as to 
listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Set of Agency Procedures are (i) available for inspection or collection during normal business hours 
at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents (such Paying Agents together referred to as the “Agents”) or 
(ii) may be provided by email to holders of Covered Bonds following their prior written request to any of the Paying 
Agents and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent). Copies

--- Page 82 ---
82 
of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the 
Agents and at the website of the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (Comissão do Mercado de Valores 
Mobiliários) (the “CMVM”; www.cmvm.pt), save that, if these Covered Bonds are unlisted, the applicable Final 
Terms will only be obtainable by a holder holding one or more unlisted Covered Bonds and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Covered Bonds and 
identity. The Covered Bonds holders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Set of Agency Procedures and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The 
statements in these Terms and Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the 
Set of Agency Procedures. 
Words and expressions defined in the Set of Agency Procedures or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have 
the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Set of Agency Procedures and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
As used herein, “outstanding” means in relation to the Covered Bonds all the Covered Bonds issued other than: 
(a) 
those Covered Bonds which have been redeemed and cancelled pursuant to these Terms and Conditions;  
(b) 
those Covered Bonds in respect of which the date for redemption under these Terms and Conditions has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest (if any) accrued to the date for redemption 
and any interest (if any) payable under these Terms and Conditions after that date) have been duly paid 
to or to the order of the Agent in the manner provided in the Set of Agency Procedures (and, where 
appropriate, notice to that effect has been given to the Covered Bonds holders in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions) and remain available for payment against presentation of the relevant Covered 
Bonds; 
(c) 
those Covered Bonds which have been purchased and cancelled under these Terms and Conditions; and 
(d) 
those Covered Bonds which have become prescribed under these Terms and Conditions. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Covered Bonds are in nominative form (nominativas) and in the Specified Currency and the Specified 
Denomination(s), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination 
may not be exchanged for Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
The Covered Bonds will be held through Interbolsa and will be held in book-entry form (forma escritural) 
and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with the provisions of 
Portuguese Securities Code and the applicable CMVM regulations. No physical document of title will be 
issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. Each person shown in the records of an Affiliate Member of 
Interbolsa as having an interest in Covered Bonds shall be treated as the holder of the principal amount 
of the Covered Bonds recorded therein.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
This Covered Bond may be a Fixed Rate Covered Bond, a Floating Rate Covered Bond or a Zero Coupon 
Covered Bond, depending upon the Interest Basis shown and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series of Covered 
Bonds, those Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds and Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the Issue Date to and including the Maturity Date 
and Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of the period from the Maturity 
Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds to be issued on or after the date hereof will be issued in a denomination per unit not 
lower than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
unless the Covered Bonds will not be distributed to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, in which case lower denominations per unit may apply.  
2. 
TRANSFERS OF COVERED BONDS 
The transferability of the Covered Bonds is not restricted. 
Covered Bonds may, subject to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of 
Interbolsa and Portuguese law, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Covered Bond. No 
owner of a Covered Bond will be able to transfer such Covered Bond, except in accordance with 
Portuguese Law and with the applicable procedures of Interbolsa. 
The holders of Covered Bonds will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by 
regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover 
any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds and any interest thereon, constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
secured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The 
Covered Bonds are covered securities issued in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, which 
are secured by the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds, and rank pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer under covered bonds issued 
or to be issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (or which have been originally 
issued pursuant to the Covered Bonds Law and to which the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds became 
applicable following the approval of the Programme by CMVM under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds). 
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Subject as

--- Page 84 ---
84 
provided in Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of 
maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date), interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms). 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed 
Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Fixed 
Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date.  
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination, multiplying such sum by 
the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with this 
Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
1. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
2. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and

--- Page 85 ---
85 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
(i) 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such 
date); and 
(ii) 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means in respect of a Covered Bond the principal amount of that 
Covered Bond on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant 
holder of the Covered Bond in respect thereof. 
(iii) 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, 
one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
(A) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Principal Amount Outstanding from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest 
Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each “Interest Period” (which expression shall, in these 
Terms and Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Covered Bonds become payable on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date). 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should

--- Page 86 ---
86 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(A)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such 
Interest Payment Date (i) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business 
Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or 
(ii) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or  
(iii) 
the Modified Following (Adjusted) Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or  
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
In these Terms and Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both:  
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other 
than London and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s)) and which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars shall be Sydney or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, 
a day on which the TARGET2 System is open.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(B) 
Rate of Interest 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that (as set out below 
and detailed in the relevant Final Terms) the relevant rate of interest will be equal to the relevant 
reference rate plus or minus (as the case may be) the relevant Margin. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Where ISDA Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this subparagraph, “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent or other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent or that other 
person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Covered Bonds; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered 
Bonds (together, the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
1. 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
2. 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is the period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
3. 
if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the Eurozone inter-bank offered 
rate (EURIBOR) for a currency, the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that 
Interest Period; 
4. 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the Overnight 
Rate Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(b) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; or 
(c)  
Compounding with Lockout; and 
5. 
if the Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option, the Index

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Method is Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be 
deemed to be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 4.2(B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date”, “Overnight Floating Rate 
Option”, “Overnight Rate Compounding Method”, “Compounding with Lookback”, 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, “Compounding with Lockout”, 
“Averaging with Lookback”, “Averaging with Observation Period Shift”, “Averaging with 
Lockout”, “Compounded Index Floating Rate Option”, “Index Method” and 
“Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift” have the meanings given to 
those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
as provided below, be either: 
1. 
the offered quotation (if there is only one quotation on the Relevant Screen Page); 
or 
2. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, 
in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent 
or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) or, as applicable, the relevant Calculation 
Agent, of such offered quotations. 
If, for the purposes of the calculations described above, the Relevant Screen Page is not available 
or if no offered quotations appear thereon, the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify

--- Page 89 ---
89 
a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so specified shall request each of the Reference Banks 
to provide it with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide it with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date, one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Agent 
or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, with such 
offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the above specified time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Eurozone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the above specified time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the 
Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent, it is quoting to leading banks in the Eurozone inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined on the Interest 
Determination Date for the last preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a different 
Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period).

--- Page 90 ---
90 
(C) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (B) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (B) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(D) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
so specified, will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
so specified, will calculate the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds in 
respect of each Specified Denomination (each an “Interest Amount”) for the relevant Interest 
Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest 
Period:  
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360;

--- Page 91 ---
91 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 92 ---
92 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(E) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts  
The Agent, or where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent for this purpose, the 
Calculation Agent so specified, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and to any 
Stock Exchange or other relevant competent listing authority or quotation system on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed, quoted and/or traded and 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment or alternative 
          
          
          
          
          
360
  
          
)
D
-  
(D
 
 
)]
M
 - 
(M
 x 
[30
 
 
)]
Y
 - 
(Y
 x 
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+

--- Page 93 ---
93 
arrangements will be promptly notified to the Common Representative and each Stock Exchange 
or other relevant authority on which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time 
being listed or by which they have been admitted to listing and to the holders of Covered Bonds 
in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
“London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(F) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 
(Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds), whether by the Agent or the Calculation Agent (if 
applicable) shall (in the absence of negligence, wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the other Paying Agents, any Calculation Agent, the Common 
Representative and all holders of Covered Bonds and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) 
no liability to the Issuer, any Calculation Agent, the holders of Covered Bonds shall attach to the 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions.  
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Subject as provided in Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of 
extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date), interest (if any) will cease 
to accrue on each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, that 
part only of such Covered Bond) on the due date for redemption thereof (which, in any case where an 
extension of maturity ceases to apply after the Maturity Date pursuant to Condition 6.7(F), shall be the 
Extension Cessation Date) unless, upon due presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or 
refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until the earlier of (i) the date on which all amounts 
due in respect of such Covered Bond have been paid; and (ii) 5 days after the date on which the full 
amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Covered Bond has been received by the Agent, and 
notice to that effect has been given to the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 
(Notices). 
4.4 
Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of the Covered 
Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date 
(A) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Covered Bonds and the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), the Covered 
Bonds shall bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of 
the relevant Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds are

--- Page 94 ---
94 
redeemed in full or the Extended Maturity Date, subject to Conditions 4.3 (Accrual of interest), 
4.4(B) and 6.7(F). In that event, interest shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate 
determined in accordance with Condition 4.4(B) on the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds in arrear on the Interest Payment Date in each month after the Maturity Date in 
respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, 
subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. The final Interest Payment Date shall 
fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date. 
(B)  
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Covered Bonds and the maturity of the Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), and subject 
to Condition 6.7(F) the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds on each Interest Payment Date after the Maturity Date 
in respect of the Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date 
will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, determined by the Agent 
or, where the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent so 
specified, 2 Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such Interest Period and 
thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in connection with any redemption of the 
Covered Bonds (other than Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) where an extension of maturity ceases 
to apply after the Maturity Date pursuant to Condition 6.7(F), interest will continue to accrue from 
(and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the Extension Cessation Date at the same 
Rate of Interest that was applicable in respect of the interest period ending on (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date).  
(C)  
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, for the purposes of this Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the 
Maturity Date in the event of extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended 
Maturity Date) the Principal Amount Outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by 
the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount 
in accordance with these Conditions.  
(D)  
This Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of extension 
of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date) shall only apply if the maturity 
of the Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 
6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date).  
4.5 
Benchmark Replacement 
This Condition 4.5 applies only where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the manner in which any Rate of Interest is to be determined. If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation 
to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be

--- Page 95 ---
95 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply to the 
Covered Bonds: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours, as soon as reasonably practicable, to appoint at its 
own expense an Independent Adviser to determine (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of the Covered Bonds), no later than 10 days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period for which the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) is otherwise to be determined by reference to the Original 
Reference Rate (the “IA Determination Cut-Off Date”), (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate, for the purposes of determining each relevant Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Covered Bonds and (B) in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread. Without prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or the applicable Adjustment Spread, the 
Independent Adviser will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well 
as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in the establishment of market 
standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital markets; 
(B) 
if the Issuer (i) is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate 
in accordance with this Condition 4.5, in either case prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-
Off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser in the event one has been appointed) may determine 
(without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Covered Bonds), no 
later than the Interest Determination Date relating to the next Interest Period for which the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) is otherwise to be determined by reference 
to the Original Reference Rate, (A) a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference 
Rate and (B) in either case, an Adjustment Spread in accordance with this Condition 4.5. Without 
prejudice to the definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Reference Rate and/or the applicable Adjustment Spread, the Issuer will take into 
account any relevant and applicable market precedents as well as any published guidance from 
relevant associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the 
international debt capital markets; 
(C) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined 
by an Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) 
above, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (D) below) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component 
part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to further adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.5);

--- Page 96 ---
96 
(D) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined 
by an Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) 
above, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, will determine the Adjustment Spread to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) for each determination of a relevant Rate of Interest 
(or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable); 
(E) 
if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser (if any)) in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines (in accordance with paragraphs (A) or (B) above) a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or the applicable Adjustment Spread in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
may (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Covered Bonds) 
also specify changes to these Conditions and/or the Set of Agency Procedures in order to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and/or the Adjustment 
Spread (as applicable), including, but not limited to, (A) the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen 
Page, Business Day Convention, Interest Determination Date, time at which the Relevant Screen 
Page is observed and/or the definition of Reference Rate and (B) the method for determining the 
fall-back rate in relation to the Covered Bonds (such amendments, together, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and the Agent shall effect such 
consequential amendments to the Set of Agency Procedures and/or these Conditions as may be 
required in order to give effect to the application of this Condition 4.5. No consent shall be 
required from the holders of the Covered Bonds in connection with determining or giving effect 
to the Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate or the Adjustment Spread (as applicable) or any 
Benchmark Amendments, including for the execution of any documents or other steps to be taken 
by the Issuer or the Agent (if required or useful);  
(F) 
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (as applicable), give notice 
thereof to the holders of the Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) and the 
Agent (if different from the Issuer). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), the applicable Adjustment Spread 
and the specific terms of any other Benchmark Amendments, and their effective date; 
(G) 
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.5 shall act in good faith and (in 
the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Agent or the holders of 
the Covered Bonds for any advice given to the Issuer or in connection with any determination 
made by the Independent Adviser or the Issuer, as applicable, pursuant to this Condition 4.5; and

--- Page 97 ---
97 
(H) 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.5, the Original Reference 
Rate and the other provisions in this Condition 4 will continue to apply for the purpose of 
determining the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date (i) if the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)) is unable to or does not determine a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 4.5, and (ii) if the 
Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer does determine a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with this Condition 4.5, but the Agent (if different from 
the Issuer) and has not been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable), the applicable Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments in accordance 
with Condition 4.5(F) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this Condition 4.5(H) shall apply to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date only, and the Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest 
Period(s) is subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 4.5. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, 
by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars shall be 
Sydney); and 
(ii) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, 
by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) Interbolsa regulations, fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 
(Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
5.2 
Payments in relation to Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Covered Bonds may only be made in euro or in such other

--- Page 98 ---
98 
currencies accepted by Interbolsa for registration and clearing. 
Payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of principal and interest (i) in Euros will be (a) credited, according 
to the procedures and regulations of Interbolsa, by the relevant Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the 
Issuer) from the payment current account which the Paying Agent has indicated to, and has been accepted 
by, Interbolsa to be used on the Paying Agent’s behalf for payments in respect of securities held through 
Interbolsa to the payment current accounts held according to the applicable procedures and regulations 
of Interbolsa by the Affiliate Members of Interbolsa whose control accounts with Interbolsa are credited 
with such Covered Bonds and thereafter (b) credited by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from the 
aforementioned payment current-accounts to the accounts of the owners of those Covered Bonds or 
through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be; (ii) in currencies 
other than Euros will be (a) transferred, on the payment date and according to the procedures and 
regulations applicable by Interbolsa, from the account held by the relevant Paying Agent in the Foreign 
Currency Settlement System (Sistema de Liquidação em Moeda Estrangeira), managed by Caixa Geral de 
Depósitos, S.A., to the relevant accounts of the relevant Affiliate Members of Interbolsa, and thereafter 
(b) transferred by such Affiliate Members of Interbolsa from such relevant accounts to the accounts of the 
owners of those Covered Bonds or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds, in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Interbolsa, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
5.3 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription)) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in:  
(A) 
the relevant place of presentation; or  
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(ii) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (if other than the place of 
presentation and any Additional Financial Centre and which if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars shall be Sydney) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2

--- Page 99 ---
99 
System is open, 
provided that such a day is a business day for the purposes of the centralised system operated by 
Interbolsa (as defined by a notice of Interbolsa, according to which such a business day corresponds to a 
day on which the TARGET2 System is open). 
5.4 
Interpretation of principal 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: 
(i) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds;  
(ii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Final redemption 
Subject to Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), unless previously 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled or extended as specified below, each Covered Bond will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
6.2 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option) 
If Issuer Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given (unless 
otherwise specified, in the applicable Final Terms) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Common Representative, the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the holders of 
Covered Bonds (which notice shall be irrevocable) redeem all or some only (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) of the Covered Bonds then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date(s). Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds 
accordingly. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Covered Bonds, the nominal amount of all 
outstanding Covered Bonds will be redeemed proportionally. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the holders of Covered Bonds (Put Option) 
If Investor Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Covered Bond 
giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’

--- Page 100 ---
100 
notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the 
terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption Date and 
at the Optional Redemption Amount as specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. To exercise the right to require redemption of this Covered Bond the holder of this 
Covered Bond must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent, at any time during normal business 
hours of such Paying Agent, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent and in which the holder must specify a 
bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be 
made under this Condition. Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Covered Bond pursuant to this 
paragraph shall be irrevocable. The right to require redemption will be exercised directly against the 
Issuer, through the relevant Paying Agent. 
6.4 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire Covered Bonds at any 
price in the open market or otherwise. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.  
6.5 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Covered Bonds so cancelled and 
any Covered Bonds purchased and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 6.4 (Purchases) 
shall be cancelled by Interbolsa and cannot be held, reissued or resold. 
6.6 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond to which Condition 6.7 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) does not apply (or, where an extension of maturity ceases to 
apply pursuant to Condition 6.7(F)), upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond pursuant to 
Conditions 6.1 (Final redemption), 6.2 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Call Option)) or 6.3 
(Redemption at the option of the holders of Covered Bonds (Put Option)) or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused 
or where an extension of maturity ceases to apply after the Maturity Date pursuant to Condition 6.7(F), 
the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond shall be the amount 
calculated according to the following formula:  
RP x (1 + AY) y 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; and 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and

--- Page 101 ---
101 
y is a fraction, the denominator of which is 360 and the numerator of which is equal to the number of 
days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds to (but excluding) the date which is the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the holders of 
Covered Bonds either in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) or individually. 
6.7 
Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date 
(A) 
Any Extended Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Covered Bonds shall be at least one year after the applicable Maturity Date, provided that in any 
case the Issuer may not specify an Extended Maturity Date that is earlier than the applicable 
Extended Maturity Date for any other outstanding Series of Covered Bonds with an earlier 
Maturity Date. 
The Issuer may decide not to apply an Extended Maturity Date to a Series of Covered Bonds 
provided that the rating assigned to the outstanding Covered Bonds by the Rating Agencies at the 
time of issue of such Series is not adversely affected. 
(B) 
In the case of liquidation or resolution of the Issuer, no extension of maturity for a Series of 
Covered Bonds to the applicable Extended Maturity Date will (i) affect the ranking of covered 
bonds issued by the Issuer and subject to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds or (ii) invert the 
sequencing of the original maturity schedule for such covered bonds referred to in (i) above.  
(C) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (i) the Issuer fails to 
redeem all of the Covered Bonds of a Series in full on the Maturity Date and it is foreseeable (as 
determined by the Issuer) that such failure will continue for 5 Business Days thereafter and (ii) the 
Issuer has given notice to CMVM in the manner described in paragraph (F) below, the maturity of 
such Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the 
purposes of these Terms and Conditions will be automatically extended up to but no later than 
the Extended Maturity Date, subject as described in paragraph (F) below. 
(D) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and in the case of resolution 
or voluntary liquidation of the Issuer, if some but not all Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding 
have been subject to extension to their respective Extended Maturity Dates and any such 
Extended Maturity Date falls later than the relevant Maturity Date for the Covered Bonds of any 
other Series then outstanding that has not been extended (and which Maturity Date for such other 
Series is later than the corresponding Maturity Date of such extended Series of Covered Bonds)

--- Page 102 ---
102 
the maturity of such other Series of Covered Bonds will be automatically extended to its relevant 
Extended Maturity Date, as required by article 21(1)(d) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.  
(E) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the authorisation of 
the Issuer as a credit institution is revoked by the competent banking supervisory authority (being 
the European Central Bank and the Bank of Portugal, acting individually or jointly, and including 
any successor) and leading to mandatory liquidation of the Issuer, the maturity of all Series of 
Covered Bonds will, subject to the right of CMVM to oppose such extension in the manner 
described in paragraph (F) below), be automatically extended up to but no later than the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
(F) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at least 10 
calendar days in advance of a possible extension of maturity (or, if that is not possible, in light of 
the occurrence or knowledge of the event, as soon as possible), give notice to CMVM of such 
extension and the respective grounds for such extension, in particular that it is foreseeable (as 
determined by the Issuer) that (i) (in the case of any extension of maturity in the circumstances 
described in paragraph (C) above) the Covered Bonds will not be redeemed on the Maturity Date 
and such failure will continue for 5 Business Days thereafter or (ii) (in the case of any extension of 
maturity in the circumstances described in paragraph (E) above) the Issuer’s authorisation as 
credit institution will be (or has been) revoked. CMVM may oppose any such extension within 10 
calendar days of the Issuer giving notice to CMVM if it considers that the Extension Legal 
Requirements are not met.  
If CMVM decides on the basis of the Extension Legal Requirements to oppose such extension of 
maturity, the extension to the relevant Extended Maturity Date will not apply. In the absence of 
any decision by CMVM to oppose such extension within 10 calendar days from the date the Issuer 
gives the relevant notice to CMVM, such extension to the relevant Extended Maturity Date will 
continue to apply.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if CMVM has received less than 10 calendar days’ notice from the 
Issuer of any possible extension and at the date on which the maturity for the Covered Bonds is 
scheduled to be automatically extended to the Extended Maturity Date CMVM has not yet 
decided whether or not it opposes such extension, the maturity for the Covered Bonds will extend 
to the Extended Maturity Date. If subsequently (but within 10 calendar days from the date the 
Issuer gives the relevant notice to CMVM) CMVM then decides on the basis of the Extension Legal 
Requirements to oppose such extension, the extension to the Extended Maturity Date will cease 
to apply and each Covered Bond shall, as at the date of such cessation (the “Extension Cessation 
Date”) then become immediately due and payable at its Final Redemption Amount together with 
any accrued interest determined pursuant to Condition 4.4(B) (or, in the case of Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds, an amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.6 (Late payment on Zero

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Coupon Covered Bonds)). 
(G) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall give to the 
holders of the Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)), the Rating Agencies, 
the Agent and the other Paying Agents, notice that it has notified CMVM of any potential 
extension to the maturity of the Covered Bonds and of any decision CMVM notifies to the Issuer 
in respect of such potential extension. Any failure by the Issuer to notify any such persons shall 
not affect the validity or effectiveness of any extension or give rise to rights in any such person, 
under this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date).  
(H) 
In the event of an extension of the maturity for the Covered Bonds to the Extended Maturity Date, 
the Issuer may redeem all or any part of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
on an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date up to and including the 
Extended Maturity Date or as otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer 
shall give to the holders of Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices)), the Agent 
and the other Paying Agents, notice of its intention to redeem all or any of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds in full at least 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify 
such persons shall not affect the validity or effectiveness of any redemption by the Issuer on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date or as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date or give rise to rights 
in any such person.  
(I) 
In the case of Covered Bonds which are Zero Coupon Covered Bonds up to (and including) the 
Maturity Date, for the purposes of this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended 
Maturity Date) the Principal Amount Outstanding shall be the total amount otherwise payable by 
the Issuer on the Maturity Date less any payments made by the Issuer in respect of such amount 
in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.  
(J) 
Any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity 
up to Extended Maturity Date) shall be irrevocable unless CMVM opposes such extension, as 
described within paragraph (F) above. Where this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to 
Extended Maturity Date) applies, any failure to redeem the Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date 
or any extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity 
up to Extended Maturity Date) shall not constitute an event of default for any purpose or give any 
holder of Covered Bonds any right to receive any payment of interest, principal or otherwise on 
the relevant Covered Bonds other than as expressly set out in these Terms and Conditions. 
(K) 
In the event of the extension of the maturity of Covered Bonds under this Condition 6.7 (Extension 
of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), interest rates, interest periods and interest payment 
dates on the Covered Bonds from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the 
Extended Maturity Date shall be determined and made in accordance with the applicable Final

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Terms and Condition 4.4 (Interest Rate and Payments from the Maturity Date in the event of 
extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds up to the Extended Maturity Date).  
(L) 
If the Issuer redeems part and not all of the Principal Amount Outstanding of Covered Bonds on 
an Interest Payment Date falling in any month after the Maturity Date, the redemption proceeds 
shall be applied rateably across the Covered Bonds and the Principal Amount Outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the level of that redemption. 
(M) 
If the maturity of any Covered Bonds is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance 
with this Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date), for so long as any of 
those Covered Bonds remains in issue, the Issuer shall not issue any further covered bonds, unless 
the proceeds of issue of such further covered bonds are applied by the Issuer on issue in 
redeeming in whole or in part the relevant Covered Bonds in accordance with the terms hereof. 
7. 
TAXATION 
7.1 
 Payments free of taxes 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made subject to any legally 
applicable Tax withholding or deductions (notably in relation to residents for tax purposes in Portugal), 
except if any Tax withholding exemption or waiver applies, in which case such payments of principal and 
interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, Taxes (investors being in any case required to comply with the applicable obligations). The 
Issuer will not be obliged to make any additional payments in respect of any such withholding or deduction 
imposed. In order for withholding tax not to apply the holders of the Covered Bonds must, inter alia, 
deliver certain tax certifications. See Taxation section. 
7.2 
 No payment of additional amounts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Paying Agent will be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the holders of 
Covered Bonds in respect of any Tax Deduction made in accordance with Condition 7.1 (Payments free of 
taxes). 
7.3 
Taxing Jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Portuguese Republic, 
references in these Terms and Conditions to the Portuguese Republic shall be construed as references to 
the Portuguese Republic and/or such other jurisdiction. 
7.4 
Tax Deduction not event of default  
Notwithstanding that the Issuer or any Paying Agent is required to make a Tax Deduction in accordance

--- Page 105 ---
105 
with Condition 7.1 (Payments free of taxes), this shall not constitute an event of default by the Issuer. 
8. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Covered Bonds will become void unless presented for payment within 20 years (in the case of 
principal) and 5 years (in the case of interest) in each case from the Relevant Date thereof, subject in each 
case to the provisions of Condition 5 (Payments). As used in these Terms and Conditions, “Relevant Date” 
means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys 
payable has not been duly received by the Agent, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, 
the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the holders 
of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
9. 
INSOLVENCY EVENT AND ENFORCEMENT 
9.1 
Insolvency Event 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, if an Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer occurs, the 
holders of Covered Bonds may approve a Resolution, by a majority of 2/3 of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of the Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding, to determine the serving of an 
Acceleration Notice, in which case all outstanding Covered Bonds shall immediately become due and 
payable each at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: “Insolvency Event” means the winding-up and 
dissolution of the Issuer under any applicable laws and regulations (including under Decree-Law 199/2006, 
of 25 October 2006, as amended, the RGICSF and/or (if applicable) under the Code for the Insolvency and 
Recovery of Companies introduced by Decree-Law 53/2004, of 18 March 2004, as amended). Investors 
should see the Insolvency of the Issuer section. 
9.2 
Enforcement 
(A) 
Following the approval of a Resolution as described in Condition 9.1 (Insolvency Event), the 
holders of the Covered Bonds (or the Common Representative on their behalf, provided it has 
been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction) may at any time after service of an 
Acceleration Notice, at its discretion and without further notice, take such proceedings against 
the Issuer, and/or any other person as it may deem fit to enforce the provisions of the Covered 
Bonds. 
(B) 
In exercising any of its powers and discretions the Common Representative shall only have regard 
to the interests of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series. 
(C) 
No holder of Covered Bonds shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or to take any 
action with respect to the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Covered Bonds 
or any other Programme Document unless the Common Representative, having become bound 
so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable time and such failure shall be continuing.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
10. 
AGENT AND PAYING AGENTS 
(A) 
The names of the Agent and the Paying Agent and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
In the event of the appointed office of any such bank being unable or unwilling to continue to act 
as the Agent, or failing duly to determine the Rate of Interest, if applicable, or to calculate the 
Interest Amounts for any Interest Period, the Issuer shall appoint such other bank to act as such 
in its place. 
(B) 
The Agent may not resign its duties or be removed from office without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the 
specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that:  
(i) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(ii) 
the Issuer will, so long as any of the Covered Bonds is outstanding, maintain a Paying Agent (which 
may be the Agent) having a specified office in a city approved by the Common Representative in 
continental Europe; and 
(iii) 
so long as any of the Covered Bonds are listed on any Stock Exchange or admitted to trading by 
any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant Stock Exchange or as 
the case may be, other relevant authority. 
11. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the holders of Covered Bonds shall, in respect of the Covered Bonds listed on Euronext Lisbon, 
be published on CMVM’s information system (www.cmvm.pt). Furthermore, any such notice shall be 
disclosed by any further means required to allow a fast access by all holders of Covered Bonds throughout 
the EU and shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above. 
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds shall comply with the Portuguese law requirements that may be 
applicable, namely pursuant to the Portuguese Companies Code and CMVM Regulation 5/2008, as 
amended. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS 
(A) 
The Portuguese Companies Code, which applies to Covered Bonds in accordance with Article 28 
of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, contains provisions for convening meetings of the holders 
of Covered Bonds to consider any matter attributed to them by law and in their common interest 
(which provisions are described and supplemented in the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement), including the modification by Resolution of these Terms and Conditions or the 
provisions of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
(B) 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on: (i) a Resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter 
will be any person or persons holding or representing whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding 
of the Covered Bonds then outstanding; or (ii) a Resolution regarding a Reserved Matter of the 
Covered Bonds, will be any person or persons holding or representing at least 50 per cent. of the 
Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then outstanding so held or represented or, 
at any adjourned meeting, any person being or representing holders of Covered Bonds of the 
relevant series holding, whatever the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding so held or represented in such series. Each Covered Bond grants its holder one vote. 
(C) 
The majorities required to approve a Resolution at any meeting convened in accordance with the 
applicable rules shall be: (i) if in respect to a Resolution not regarding a Reserved Matter, the 
majority of the votes cast at the relevant meeting; or (ii) if in respect to a Resolution regarding a 
Reserved Matter, at least 50 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Covered Bonds 
then outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, 2/3 of the votes cast at the relevant meeting.  
 
Resolutions involving the increase of the charges to holders of Covered Bonds require unanimity 
to be approved. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, a “Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to 
change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds of all 
or of a given Series; (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest due on any date in respect 
of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of calculating the amount 
of any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on redemption or 
maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of all or of 
a given Series into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other 
person or body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts 
due in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority 
of payment of interest or principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) 
to amend this definition; and (vii) any other matter required by law to be approved by the 
majorities set out in Condition 12(C)(ii); 
(D) 
A Resolution approved at any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of a Series shall, subject 
as provided below, be binding on all the holders of Covered Bonds of such Series, whether or not 
they are present at the meeting. Pursuant to the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement, the Common Representative may convene a single meeting of the holders of Covered 
Bonds of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Common Representative there is no conflict 
between the holders of such Covered Bonds, in which event the provisions of this paragraph shall 
apply thereto mutatis mutandis. 
(E) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the immediately preceding paragraph, any Resolution to direct 
the Common Representative to accelerate the Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Event and Enforcement) or to direct the Common Representative to take any enforcement action 
(each a “Programme Resolution”) shall only be capable of being passed at a single meeting of the 
holders of Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
(F) 
Any such meeting to consider a Programme Resolution may be convened by the Common 
Representative or, if it refuses to convene such a meeting, by the Chairman of the General Meeting 
of Shareholders of the Issuer; if both the Common Representative and the Chairman of the 
General Meeting of Shareholders of the Issuer refuses to convene the meeting, then 5 per cent. 
of the holders of Covered Bonds of any Series may petition the court to order a meeting to be 
convened. 
(G) 
A Programme Resolution passed at any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series shall 
be binding on all holders of Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not they are present at the 
meeting. 
(H) 
In connection with any meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of more than one Series where 
such Covered Bonds are not denominated in euro, the nominal amount of the Covered Bonds of 
any Series not denominated in euro shall be converted into euro at the relevant exchange rate at 
the date of the meeting. 
13. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE COMMON REPRESENTATIVE CONTRACTING WITH THE ISSUER 
(A) 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers and discretions, the Common Representative is of 
the opinion that the interests of the holders of Covered Bonds of any one or more Series would 
be materially prejudiced thereby, the Common Representative shall not exercise such powers and 
discretions without the approval of such holders of Covered Bonds by a Resolution or by a written 
resolution of such holders of Covered Bonds of at least the majority of the Principal Amount 
Outstanding of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
(B) 
The Common Representative shall not be required to expend its own funds or otherwise incur or 
risk incurring any liability in the performance of its duties or in the exercise of any of its rights, 
powers, authorities or discretions if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds is 
not reasonably assured to it under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds or if it has not been 
provided with adequate indemnity against or security for such risk or liability. Notwithstanding 
any Programme Resolution or any other Resolution approved at any meeting or any written 
resolution of any holders of Covered Bonds, the Common Representative may (i) to the extent 
permitted by law, refrain from taking any action until it has been provided with sufficient funds or 
adequate indemnity against or security for any liability it may incur as a result of any such actions, 
(ii) refrain from doing anything which might in its opinion be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction 
or which might otherwise render it liable to any person and (iii) do anything which is in its opinion 
necessary to comply with any such law, and in no circumstances shall be liable to the holders of

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Covered Bonds for any consequences of such actions or inaction. The Common Representative 
Appointment Agreement contains further provisions for the indemnification of the Common 
Representative and for its relief from responsibility.  
14. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION, LIQUIDITY BUFFER AND ISSUER COVENANTS 
14.1 
Overcollateralisation 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the value (determined in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds, the CRR and the Regulatory Notices) of the Cover Pool maintained by the Issuer 
shall at all times be a minimum of 105 per cent. of the aggregate value of all outstanding Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme or such other percentage as may be selected by the Issuer from time to time 
and notified to the Cover Pool Monitor (the “Overcollateralisation Percentage”), provided that: 
(i) 
the Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as there are Covered Bonds outstanding, 
be reduced by the Issuer below 105 per cent.;  
(ii) 
without prejudice to (i) above, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the Overcollateralisation 
Percentage which applies for the purposes of this Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Liquidity 
Buffer and Issuer Covenants) if this could result in any credit rating then assigned to the Covered 
Bonds by any Rating Agency being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch; and 
(iii)  
assets contributing to the Overcollateralisation Percentage in excess of 100 per cent. of the 
aggregate value of all outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme shall not be 
subject to the limits on exposure size set out in accordance with Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants), 
paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets), subparagraph (b) and shall not count towards those limits. 
14.2 
Liquidity Buffer 
For so long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Cover Pool shall include a Liquidity Buffer comprised 
by Liquidity Assets to cover the Net Liquidity Outflows accumulated over the next 180 days, provided that 
(i) uncollateralised claims from exposures considered in default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR cannot 
contribute to the Liquidity Buffer, and (ii) if an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, principal repayments under the Covered Bonds shall be considered due for this purpose on the 
relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
14.3 
Issuer Covenants 
For so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding, the Issuer shall ensure that:  
(A) 
Eligible Assets: only assets listed in article 129(1) of the CRR (and provided that the requirements 
under paragraphs 1a to 3 of article 129 of the CRR are met) may be part of the Cover Pool (whether 
as Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets), provided that:  
(a) the value of a Mortgage Credit may not exceed the lesser of (i) the principal amount of the

--- Page 110 ---
110 
respective Mortgage (combined with any prior mortgages, if they exist) and (ii) either 80 per cent. 
of the Current Property Value, in case of a Property intended primarily for residential purposes, 
or 60 per cent. (or 70 per cent., in the circumstances foreseen in article 129(1)(f) of the CRR) of 
the Current Property Value, in case of a Property intended primarily for commercial purposes; and  
(b) (i) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 (as defined in the CRR) 
shall not exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; 
(ii) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2 (as defined in the CRR) shall 
not exceed 10 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; (iii) 
exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 (as defined in the CRR) shall 
comply with the requirements set out under sub-paragraphs 1(c) and 1-A(c) of Article 129 of the 
CRR; (iv) the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3 shall 
not exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; and 
(v) the total exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2 or 3 shall not 
exceed 10 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; 
 
(B) 
Primary Assets: the Primary Assets shall be Mortgage Credits; 
(C) 
Valuations: all the required valuations of Covered Bonds, Mortgage Credits, Hedging Contracts, 
Properties or other Cover Pool assets will be made in compliance with the requirements of the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the CRR and, to the extent applicable and not conflicting, the 
Regulatory Notices; 
(D) 
Cover Pool Monitor: the Cover Pool Monitor will be provided with all necessary elements and 
information to monitor compliance by the Issuer of this Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, 
Liquidity Buffer and Issuer Covenants) in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and 
under the terms set forth in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement;  
(E) 
Mortgage Credits: the Mortgage Credits included in the Cover Pool are not Non-Performing 
Mortgage Credits; and 
(F) 
Insurance: the Properties are adequately insured against the risk of damage. 
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the holders of Covered Bonds to 
create and issue further securities with the same terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds of any Series 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, issue 
date and/or purchase price and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Covered Bonds of such Series. 
16. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
The Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Set of Agency Procedures, the Covered Bonds,

--- Page 111 ---
111 
the other Programme Documents and any non-contractual obligations in connection therewith are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Portuguese law unless specifically stated to the 
contrary. 
The Issuer agrees, for the exclusive benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds that the courts of Portugal 
are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Covered 
Bonds and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as “Proceedings”) arising 
out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds may be brought in such courts. 
The Issuer hereby irrevocably waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the laying of 
the venue of any such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings have been 
brought in an inconvenient forum and hereby further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such 
Proceedings brought in the Portuguese courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced 
in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
Nothing contained in this Condition shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other 
court of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
17. 
DEFINITIONS 
In these Terms and Conditions, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
“Acceleration Notice” means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and 
Enforcement). 
"Adjustment Spread" shall mean a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
(following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
(following consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if neither (a) nor (b) applies, the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer (following

--- Page 112 ---
112 
consultation with the Independent Adviser (if any)), in each case in its discretion and acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate. 
“Affiliate Member of Interbolsa” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control 
accounts with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
“Agent” means Banco Santander Totta, S.A., in its capacity as Agent, with its head office at Rua Áurea, no. 
88, 1100-063 Lisbon, Portugal, or any successor Agent(s), in each case together with any additional 
Agent(s), appointed from time to time by the Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds and under the 
Set of Agency Procedures. 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the 
Issuer determines has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) in respect of bonds denominated in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds and with 
an interest period of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Independent Adviser 
or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines in its discretion is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate. 
"Benchmark Event" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered; or 
(b) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating that 
it will, on or prior to a specified date, cease to publish the Original Reference Rate, permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (II) the date falling 6 months before the 
specified date referred to in (b)(I); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate stating 
that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate will, on or prior to a specified date, be permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued and (II) the date falling 6 months before the specified date referred 
to in (d)(I); or 
(e) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will

--- Page 113 ---
113 
be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or prior to a specified date 
and (II) the date falling 6 months before the specified date referred to in (e)(I); or 
(f) 
it has, or will on or prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for the Issuer, 
the Agent or any Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, to 
calculate any payments due to be made to the holders of the Covered Bonds using the Original 
Reference Rate; or 
(g) 
the later of (I) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate stating that the Original Reference Rate will, as of a specified date, no longer be 
representative of its relevant underlying market and (II) the date falling six months before the 
specified date referred to in (g)(I). 
“Calculation Agent” except if and where defined otherwise in these Terms and Conditions, has the 
meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
“Central de Valores Mobiliários” means the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking S.A. 
“CMVM” means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market 
Commission. 
“Common Representative” means Bondholders, S.L., in its capacity as representative of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, having its 
registered office at Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1, 46023 Valencia, Spain. 
“Common Representative Appointment Agreement” means the agreement dated 25 May 2022 entered 
into between the Issuer and the Common Representative and which sets out the terms and conditions 
upon and subject to which the Common Representative has agreed to act as Common Representative, as 
amended and restated on 9 March 2023, and as may be further amended and restated. 
“Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Covered 
Bonds under the Programme, held to the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred 
Creditors, and comprises the Primary Assets, the Substitution Assets and the Liquidity Assets, as specified 
in the Register. 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means Deloitte & Associados, SROC, SA, member of the Portuguese Institute of 
Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under the number 43, registered with CMVM 
with registration number 20161389, with its registered office at Avenida Engenheiro Duarte Pacheco, no. 
7, 1070-100 Lisbon, Portugal. 
“Cover Pool Monitor Agreement” means the agreement dated 9 March 2023 entered into by and 
between the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor, as amended and restated.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
“Covered Bond” means any covered bond issued by the Issuer and subject to the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Covered Bonds” shall be construed 
accordingly.  
“Covered Bonds Law” means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of covered 
bonds, enacted by Decree-Law 59/2006, of 20 March 2006, as amended, which has been revoked by 
Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as 
amended, including by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
November 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered 
bonds. 
“Current Property Value” means, in relation to a Property securing a Mortgage Credit, the updated 
Property Valuation of such Property. 
“EU” means the European Union. 
“EUR”, “€” or “Euro” or “euro” means the lawful currency of Member States of the EU that adopt the 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
“Extended Maturity Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms, extending the 
maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds if the conditions foreseen in Condition 6.7 (Extension of 
Maturity up to Extended Maturity Date) are met. 
“Extension Cessation Date” has the meaning given in Condition 6.7(F). 
“Extension Legal Requirements” means the legal requirements applicable to an extension of maturity of 
covered bonds, as foreseen in article 21(1) and (2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.  
“Final Terms” means the final terms issued in relation to each Tranche of Covered Bonds and giving details 
of that Tranche of Covered Bonds and, in relation to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, applicable 
Final Terms means the Final Terms applicable to that Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
“Hedge Counterparties” means the party or parties that, from time to time, will enter into Hedging 
Contracts with the Issuer in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (and the relevant terms 
of article 129 of the CRR). 
“Hedging Contracts” means the hedging contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the Legal

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Regime of Covered Bonds for the purpose of hedging risks in relation to the Cover Pool. 
“Instruction 13/2006” means the regulatory instruction (Instrução) 13/2006 issued by the Bank of 
Portugal and published on 15 November 2006, relating to certain information duties applicable in relation 
to the issue of covered bonds, to the extent consistent with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case selected 
and appointed by the Issuer. 
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados 
de Valores Mobiliários, S.A., as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
“Interest Amount” means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in respect of each Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 4 (Interest). 
“Legal Regime of Covered Bonds” means the Portuguese legal regime applicable to the issuance of 
covered bonds, annexed to Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022 (transposing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and 
covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU), as amended 
from time to time. 
“Liquidity Assets” means the assets which may compose the Liquidity Buffer in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds, as described below:  
a) 
Assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to the applicable delegated 
regulation adopted pursuant to article 460 of the CRR, that are valued in accordance with such 
regulation, and are not issued by the issuing credit institution itself, its parent undertaking, unless 
it is a public sector entity that is not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its 
parent undertaking or by a securitisation special purpose entity with which the credit institution 
has close links; and 
b) 
Short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2 (as defined in 
the CRR), or claims, including deposits, that are short-term to credit institutions that qualify for 
credit quality step 1, 2 or 3 (as defined in the CRR), in accordance with article 129(1)(c) of the CRR, 
provided that any such assets comply with any applicable requirements under paragraph (A) (Eligible 
Assets) of Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants), subject to Condition 14(1)(iii). 
For the avoidance of doubt, and provided that the requirements under b) above are met, the assets under 
b) above can include short term deposits held with the Bank of Portugal or the Issuer, segregated and 
allocated to the Cover Pool as part of the Liquidity Assets.  
“Liquidity Buffer” means the liquidity buffer included in the Cover Pool in accordance with article 19 of

--- Page 116 ---
116 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
“Maturity Date” means the maturity date of a Series of Covered Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
“Mortgage” means, in respect of any Mortgage Credit, the charge by way of legal mortgage over the 
relevant Property (together with all other encumbrances or guarantees) the benefit of which is vested in 
the Issuer as security for the repayment of that Mortgage Credit. 
“Mortgage Credit” means a loan receivable granted by the Issuer secured by a Mortgage which is 
registered as being comprised in the Cover Pool for the amount and with the characteristics required to 
be met pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that it complies with any applicable 
requirements under paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets) of Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants). 
“Net Liquidity Outflows” means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal (if 
applicable, as it will only be considered due for this purposes on the relevant Extended Maturity Date) and 
interest payments under the Covered Bonds and payments under the Hedging Contracts, net of all 
payment inflows falling due on the same day for assets in the Cover Pool. 
“Non-Performing Mortgage Credits” means, with respect to a Mortgage Credit, that such Mortgage 
Credit: 
(a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
(b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest payable on the related credit in arrears and 
those payments refer to a period of 90 days or more. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified for the 
purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) 
applicable to the Covered Bonds in respect of any Interest Period(s). 
“Other Preferred Creditors” means the Hedge Counterparties. 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1 (Overcollateralisation). 
“Paying Agent” means Banco Santander Totta, S.A., in its capacity as Paying Agent, with its head office at 
Rua Áurea, no. 88, 1100-063 Lisbon, Portugal, or any successor Paying Agent(s), in each case together with 
any additional Paying Agent(s), appointed from time to time by the Issuer in connection with the Covered 
Bonds and under the Set of Agency Procedures. 
“Portuguese Companies Code” means the commercial companies code approved by Decree-Law 262/86, 
of 2 September 1986, as amended. 
“Portuguese Securities Code” means Decree-Law 486/99, of 13 November 1999, as amended.  
“Primary Assets” means the dominant cover assets that determine the nature of a cover pool of covered 
bonds, under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. In particular in respect of the Cover Pool, the Primary

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Assets are Mortgage Credits, corresponding to the type of assets foreseen in article 129(1), paragraphs 
(d) and (f) of the CRR. 
“Programme” means the EUR 12,500,000,000 covered bonds programme established on 4 April 2008 in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law for the issuance of Covered Bonds by the Issuer and as converted 
on 9 March 2023 for the issuance of “European Covered Bond (Premium)” in compliance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds, and as updated from time to time. 
“Programme Resolution” means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and Enforcement) or directing the Common 
Representative to take any enforcement action and which shall only be capable of being passed at a single 
meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
“Property” means, in relation to any Mortgage Credit, the property upon which the repayment of such 
Mortgage Credit is secured by the corresponding Mortgage and “Properties” means all of them. 
“Property Valuation” means, in relation to any Property the amount determined as such Property’s 
market value (which means, in accordance with point (76) of article 4(1) of the CRR, the estimated amount 
for which the Property should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing 
seller in an arm's-length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted 
knowledgeably, prudently and without compulsion), in accordance with the most recent independent 
valuation of such Property, at the time or after the relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, in accordance 
with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, article 208 of the CRR and, except where conflicting, Regulatory 
Notice 5/2006, provided that, in accordance with the foregoing, the Issuer may use statistical methods to 
monitor the value of the Property and identify if it needs revaluation. 
“Reference Banks” means those banks whose offered rates were used to determine such quotation when 
such quotation last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page or, if applicable, those banks whose offered 
quotations last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations 
appeared. 
“Register” means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Regulatory Notices. 
“Regulatory Notice 5/2006” means the regulatory notice (Aviso) 5/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal 
under the Covered Bonds Law and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the valuation of real estate 
assets serving as security for mortgage credits comprised in cover pools allocated to the issue of covered 
bonds. 
“Regulatory Notice 6/2006” means the regulatory notice (Aviso) 6/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal 
under the Covered Bonds Law and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the prudential limits 
applicable in relation to the issue of covered bonds.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
“Regulatory Notice 8/2006” means the regulatory notice (Aviso) 8/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal 
under the Covered Bonds Law and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the insolvency, winding-up 
or dissolution of a credit institution which has issued covered bonds. 
“Regulatory Notices” means the secondary legislation passed by the Bank of Portugal under the Covered 
Bonds Law, namely Regulatory Notice 5/2006, Regulatory Notice 6/2006, Instruction 13/2006, Regulatory 
Notice 8/2006, to the extent it remains applicable in accordance with article 7(9) of Decree-Law 31/2022, 
of 6 May 2022, and any relevant regulations or instructions that may be issued by CMVM, including to 
replace any such Bank of Portugal secondary legislation in the future. 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the US Securities Act. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of 
the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent, on or prior to such due date, it means the 
date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the holders of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (B) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or 
other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest 
in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series, (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest 
due on any date in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of 
calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on 
redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of 
all or of a given Series into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other 
person or body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change the currency in which amounts due in 
respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to alter the priority of payment of 
interest or principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) to amend this definition; 
and (vii) any other matter required by law to be approved by the majorities set out in Condition 12(C)(ii). 
“Resolution” means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of holders of Covered Bonds and

--- Page 119 ---
119 
approved in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
“RGICSF” means the General Regime for Credit Institutions and Financial Companies, as enacted by the 
Decree-Law 298/92, of 31 December 1992, as amended. 
“Set of Agency Procedures” means the set of agency procedures dated 4 April 2008 (as amended and 
restated) and made and agreed by Banco Santander Totta, S.A., in its capacity as Agent, Paying Agent and 
Issuer and agreed to by any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent, and/or agent bank appointed 
by the Issuer. 
“Stock Exchange” means Euronext Lisbon or any other stock exchange where Covered Bonds may be listed 
as per the relevant Final Terms. 
"Substitution Assets" means the cover assets that contribute to the coverage requirements in relation to 
covered bonds other than Primary Assets, under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that they 
comply with the relevant requirements foreseen in article 129 of the CRR. 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer 
determines is a successor to, or replacement of, the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“TARGET2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
Payment System which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007 
(TARGET2) or any successor or replacement for that system. 
“Tax” shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, 
deduction or withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in 
connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of any Tax Authority and “Taxes”, “taxation”, “taxable” and comparable expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs 
or excise authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
function, including the Irish Revenue Commissioners and H.M. Revenue and Customs. 
“Tax Deduction” means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax. 
“Terms and Conditions” means in relation to the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions applicable to 
the Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be construed in relation 
to the Covered Bonds accordingly. 
“Treaty” means the treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended. 
“US Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
CHARACTERISTICS OF THE COVER POOL 
INTRODUCTION – CAPACITY TO ISSUE COVERED BONDS 
In general, covered bonds may only be issued by duly licensed credit institutions. The Issuer meets this 
requirement and thus is qualified to issue covered bonds under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
ISSUER REQUIRED TO MAINTAIN COVER POOL 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds only if it maintains a related Cover Pool in compliance with the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds. The Cover Pool may contain Primary Assets, Substitution Assets and Liquidity Assets (each as 
defined in the chapter entitled “Definitions” below), subject to the limitations provided for in the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds. The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds allows for the composition of the Cover Pool to be dynamic 
and does not require it to be static. Accordingly, the mortgage credit assets (and other permitted assets) to be 
comprised in the Cover Pool may change from time to time after the date hereof in order to ensure compliance 
with the requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and with the Regulatory Notices (as defined in the 
chapter entitled “Definitions” below). 
To enable it to issue Covered Bonds, the Issuer has established and will maintain a permanently identifiable and 
segregated register (the “Register”) in relation to the Cover Pool for the purposes of the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds. The Issuer plans to issue from time to time further Covered Bonds and will include in the relevant Cover 
Pool additional mortgage credit assets or substitution assets (and other permitted assets) as security for those 
Covered Bonds in accordance with relevant provisions of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, as further detailed 
below. 
The Issuer is required, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has contravened the provisions of the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, to take all possible steps to prevent the contravention from continuing or being 
repeated. 
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR ASSETS COMPRISED IN THE COVER POOL 
Only mortgage credits or receivables, including, but not limited to, interest revenue and repayments, which 
comply with the legal eligibility criteria described below may be included in the Cover Pool: 
Mortgage Credits Eligibility Criteria 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus will be labelled as “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)”, as set out in Article 42(2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds provided that the Covered Bonds are 
in compliance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR. 
As such, the Cover Pool will comprise only assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and provided that the 
requirements under paragraphs 1a to 3 of Article 129 of the CRR are met). Each Cover Pool shall comprise of 
Primary Assets, Substitution Assets or Liquidity Assets, provided that: 
• 
the value of a Mortgage Credit may not exceed either 80 per cent. of the Current Property Value, in case

--- Page 121 ---
121 
of a Property intended primarily for residential purposes, or 60 per cent. (or 70 per cent., in the 
circumstances foreseen in Article 129(1)(f) of the CRR) of the Current Property Value, in case of a 
Property intended primarily for commercial purposes; and  
• 
(i) exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 (as defined in the CRR) shall not 
exceed 15 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; (ii) exposures 
to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2 (as defined in the CRR) shall not exceed 10 per 
cent. of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; (iii) exposures to credit 
institutions that qualify for credit quality step 3 (as defined in the CRR) shall comply with the 
requirements set out under sub-paragraphs 1(c) and 1-A(c) of Article 129 of the CRR; (iv) the total 
exposure to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 2 or 3 shall not exceed 15 per cent. 
of the aggregate nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds; and (v) the total exposure to credit 
institutions that qualify for credit quality step 2 or 3 shall not exceed 10 per cent. of the aggregate 
nominal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds. 
Other assets Eligibility Criteria 
The following assets may also be included in the Cover Pool: 
(a) 
the assets described above under the section “Mortgage Credits Eligibility Criteria” if they are not 
deemed to be Primary Assets; 
(b) 
deposits with the Bank of Portugal in cash, or securities eligible for credit transactions in the Eurosystem 
lending operations; 
(c) 
current or term account deposits with credit institutions located in the EEA which are not in a control or 
group relationship with the Issuer; and  
(d) 
any other assets located in the EEA complying simultaneously with low risk and high liquidity 
requirements. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer intends to include in the Cover Pool mortgage credits which are 
located in Portugal and secured primarily on residential property for the purposes of the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds. 
The Issuer does not intend at the date of this Base Prospectus to include either (i) Mortgage Credits which have 
their primary security over commercial property or (ii) Mortgage Credits in respect of which the associated 
Property is located, for the purposes of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, outside Portugal without first 
obtaining (in each case for so long as the Covered Bonds are rated by such rating agency) from Moody’s, Fitch and 
DBRS a confirmation that any such action will not result in a downgrade of the rating then ascribed by such rating 
agency to the Covered Bonds. 
HEDGING CONTRACTS 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds allows the Cover Pool to include Hedging Contracts aimed exclusively at

--- Page 122 ---
122 
hedging risks, namely interest rate, exchange rate or liquidity risks. These Hedging Contracts will form part of the 
Cover Pool and may be taken into account in the assessment of the financial ratios and requirements of the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds and as described in this section. 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and Article 129 of the CRR, any such hedging 
contracts can only be included in the Cover Pool provided they (i) are exclusively aimed at covering risk; (ii) their 
volume is adjusted in the case of a reduction in the risk covered; (iii) cease if the covered risk ceases to exist; (iv) 
are sufficiently documented; (v) are segregated in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds; (vi) cannot 
be terminated upon the liquidation or resolution of the Issuer; (vii) are traded on a regulated market or 
multilateral trading facility of an EU Member State, or on a recognised market of an OECD country, or whose 
counterparties are credit institutions located in the EEA, whose exposures are eligible (A) for credit quality step 1 
or credit quality step 2 (both as defined in CRR); or (B) for credit quality step 3 (as defined in the CRR), if authorised 
by the competent authority; and (viii) are included on the basis of their market value, or, in the absence of such 
market value, at a value calculated on the basis of adequate valuation methods. The Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds empowers CMVM to develop the eligibility criteria for hedging contracts to form part of the Cover Pool. 
Also pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Register shall, in relation to each Hedging Contract, 
identify (i) the Covered Bonds to which the relevant Hedging Contract relates; (ii) the underlying asset or assets; 
(iii) the nominal value of the Hedging Contract; (iv) the Hedge Counterparty; and (v) the commencement date and 
the maturity date of such Hedging Contract. 
If a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued in a denomination other than the euro, the Issuer must enter 
into Hedging Contracts for the purpose of hedging any currency exchange risk. 
Interest rate exposure of the Issuer relating to Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool will be managed 
through the Hedging Contracts. Interest rate swaps relating to both the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds issued 
by the Issuer will be entered into with a Hedge Counterparty.  
LOAN-TO-VALUE RESTRICTIONS 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and Articles 129(1)(d) and (f) of the CRR, the amount of a Mortgage 
Credit granted by the Issuer and registered as being comprised in the Cover Pool may not exceed the lesser of (i) 
the principal amount of the respective Mortgage (combined with any prior mortgages, if they exist), and (ii) 80 
per cent. of the value of the Property, if it is residential property, or 60 per cent. of the value of the Property, if it 
is commercial property (which, in the case of commercial property, may be increased to 70 per cent., subject to 
certain conditions). The loan-to-value limit shall (i) apply on a loan-by-loan basis; (ii) determine the portion of the 
loan contribution to the coverage of liabilities attached to the Covered Bonds; and (iii) apply throughout the entire 
maturity of the loan. For further details, see section “Valuation of Cover Pool” below. 
OVERCOLLATERALISATION 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the CRR and the Regulatory Notices, all liabilities of the Covered 
Bonds shall be fully secured by the cover assets.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
In compliance with the above legal requirements, in particular with Article 129(3)(a) of the CRR, Condition 14 
(Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and Issuer Covenants) requires the Issuer to over-collateralise the Cover 
Pool with respect to outstanding Covered Bonds at a minimum level of 105 per cent., provided that: (i) the 
Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not, for so long as there are Covered Bonds outstanding, be reduced by the 
Issuer below 105 per cent.; (ii) without prejudice to (i) above, the Issuer shall not at any time reduce the 
Overcollateralisation Percentage which applies for the purposes of Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Liquidity 
Buffer and Issuer Covenants) if this could result in any credit rating then assigned to the Covered Bonds by any 
Rating Agency being reduced, removed, suspended or placed on credit watch; and (iii) assets contributing to the 
minimum level of the Overcollateralisation Percentage shall not be subject to the limits on exposure size set out 
in accordance with Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants), paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets), subparagraph (b) and shall 
not count towards those limits. See Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds.  
For the purposes of the calculation by the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor of the level of overcollateralisation 
referred to above: 
(a) 
Mortgage Credits shall be accounted according to an amount equal to the book value of such Mortgage 
Credits entered on the Register (together with any matured and accrued interest, if the requirements of 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds are met); 
(b) 
the Covered Bonds shall be accounted according to the nominal value of outstanding principal, together 
with accrued interest; and 
(c) 
in relation to any other assets in the Cover Pool: 
(i) 
deposits shall be accounted for according to their amount together with any accrued interest (juros 
corridos); and 
(ii) 
securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounted for by the value resulting 
from the application of the rules regarding margin valuation laid down by the Eurosystem or, if 
lower, according to their nominal value, including accrued interest (juros corridos). 
Also for the purpose of these calculations the Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor shall use the exchange rates 
published by the ECB as a reference. 
BST decided, to the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds, from 25 July 2013, to apply an Overcollateralisation 
Percentage (mentioned in Condition 14.1 (Overcollateralisation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds) of 115 per cent. This percentage may be subject to change in result of requirements from Rating Agencies 
and/or the ratings envisaged by BST for the Covered Bonds. 
COMPLIANCE WITH FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
The Cover Pool Monitor, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in accordance with the terms set 
forth in the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, must monitor the Issuer’s compliance with the financial requirements 
established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in the Regulatory Notices described in this section. The

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Issuer must, as soon as practicable after becoming aware that it has failed to comply with any provisions of the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds summarised herein (or when it is reasonable to expect that they will not be 
complied with), take all steps to comply with that provision, by undertaking one or more of the following 
procedures: 
(a) 
allocating new Primary or Substitution Assets , with or without substitution of those already allocated 
to the Covered Bonds; and/or 
(b) 
amortising Covered Bonds in a sufficient amount to remedy the breach; and/or  
(c) 
allocating new liquid assets to the liquidity buffer. 
Notwithstanding the above, Mortgage Credits that become delinquent after being allocated to the Cover Pool 
may still remain in such Cover Pool provided that the delinquency period is not equal to or higher than 90 days 
and such Mortgage Credits not removed from the Cover Pool following 90 days shall not count towards the 
statutory tests or the Overcollateralisation Percentage. 
VALUATION OF COVER POOL 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds sets out certain requirements and criteria which are required to be met by 
the Issuer in respect of the valuation of Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool.  
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds empowers CMVM to specify, by regulation, requirements in relation to the 
valuation basis and methodology, time of valuation and any other matters that it considers relevant for 
determining the value of eligible assets for the purposes of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. However, as 
established by the transitional provisions of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, all regulations or regulatory 
notices adopted by the Bank of Portugal, under the Covered Bonds Law, shall remain in force until substitution by 
CMVM’s regulations. 
Pursuant to the above, the valuation requirements applicable to the Properties are set out in the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds, the CRR and in the Regulatory Notice 5/2006 and Regulatory Notice 6/2006. 
Valuation of Properties 
General Overview 
The value of each Property associated with a Mortgage Credit comprised in the Cover Pool shall be equal to or 
less than the amount determined as such Property’s market value, in accordance with the most recent 
independent valuation of such Property, at the time or after the relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, under 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, Article 208 of the CRR and, except where conflicting, the Regulatory Notice 
5/2006.  
The market value, in accordance with point (76) of Article 4(1) of the CRR, means the estimated amount for which 
the Property should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm’s 
length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and

--- Page 125 ---
125 
without compulsion.  
Valuation by expert 
In accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Regulatory Notice 5/2006, prior to the inclusion 
in the Cover Pool of the related Mortgage Credit, each Property must be valued by a real estate valuation expert, 
with necessary qualifications, competence and experience. The real estate valuation expert shall (i) be 
independent from the decision-making process concerning the granting of the credit; (ii) not take into account 
speculative elements in the assessment of the value of the physical cover asset and the cover documents; and (iii) 
document the value of the physical cover asset in a transparent and clear manner. 
Regarding the monitoring of Property Valuation, the Issuer shall monitor the value of the Property frequently and 
at least annually. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer shall proceed with a more frequent monitoring where the market 
conditions are subject to significant changes. 
In addition, such valuation shall be reviewed by a real estate valuation expert whenever (i) the information 
available to the Issuer indicates that there may have been a substantial decrease in the value of the Property or 
(ii) the value of the Property may have materially decreased in relation to general market prices. 
A valuation made by a real estate valuation expert prior to the enactment of Regulatory Notice 5/2006 may, 
however, be used by the Issuer provided that: 
(a) 
the valuations were carried out by a valuation expert who is independent from the credit analysis and 
credit decision-making process within the BST Group; 
(b) 
the valuations were subject to a written report from the valuation expert that includes, in a clear and 
accurate way, elements that allow the understanding of the analysis and conclusions of the valuation 
expert; 
(c) 
the Properties had been valued in light of the corresponding market value or the value of the mortgaged 
Property, as established by Regulatory Notice 5/2006; and 
(d) 
there has been no evidence that the relevant Property is over-valued at the time of allocation of the 
relevant Mortgage Credit to the issue of Covered Bonds. 
The real estate valuation experts appointed from time to time by the Issuer to conduct the required valuation of 
Properties shall be independent from the credit decision process and be adequately qualified and experienced for 
the performance of their functions, in accordance with Article 208(3)(b) of the CRR. The Issuer may not appoint a 
real estate valuation expert with any potential conflicts of interest, notably where there is (i) any specific interest 
of the real estate valuation expert in the Property subject to the valuation, (ii) any relationship, commercial or 
personal, with the borrower of the Mortgage Credit related to the Property subject to valuation, or (iii) where the 
remuneration of the valuation expert is dependent on the valuation of the relevant Property.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
The Issuer may appoint a valuation expert within the BST Group, provided such valuation expert is independent 
from the credit analysis and decision-making process within the BST Group. 
In accordance with the Regulatory Notice 5/2006, the selection of real estate valuation experts by the Issuer must 
ensure adequate diversification and rotation, and the Issuer shall maintain a permanent and updated list of 
selected valuation experts, setting out the criteria which have led to the respective selection, as well as the 
Properties valued by each valuation expert. The list applicable to each year shall be sent to CMVM by the end of 
January of the following year, indicating, if applicable, any changes made to such list from the list submitted the 
previous year. 
Under Regulatory Notice 5/2006, CMVM may, in relation to a given Property, require the Issuer to appoint another 
valuation expert, in particular when the value resulting from the previous valuation raises doubts as to its 
correctness. 
Methods of valuation 
The Issuer must ensure that each real estate valuation expert it appoints uses one of the following methods of 
valuation, which shall be chosen in light of the specific characteristics of the Property subject to valuation, as well 
as of the specific conditions of the local market: 
(a) 
Cost method; 
(b) 
Income method; or 
(c) 
Comparison method. 
Valuation report 
Each real estate valuation expert appointed by the Issuer shall prepare a written report in relation to the valuation 
of each Property, setting out, in a clear and detailed manner, all the elements relevant for the full understanding 
of the analysis and conclusions of such valuation, in particular: 
(a) 
the identification of the relevant Property, with a detailed description of its characteristics; 
(b) 
a description of the selection and basis of the method(s) of valuation, any parameters used and/or 
assumptions adopted, identifying the manner in which the volatility effects of the short term market or 
the market temporary conditions were taken into account; 
(c) 
a description of possible qualifications to the analysis; 
(d) 
the valuation of the Property, in terms of both the value of the mortgaged Property and the market 
value of the Property; 
(e) 
a statement of the valuation expert that they have carried out the valuation according to the applicable 
requirements set out in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in the Regulatory Notices, in particular 
Regulatory Notice 5/2006; and

--- Page 127 ---
127 
(f) 
the date of the valuation and the identification and the signature of the valuation expert. 
Subsequent valuations of Properties and subsequent update of the value of Properties 
In respect of Mortgage Credits that exceed (i) 5 per cent. of the own funds of the Issuer or (ii) EUR 500,000, in the 
case of residential Properties, or EUR 1,000,000 in the case of commercial Properties, the valuation of the relevant 
Property shall be reviewed by a real estate valuation expert at least every three years. 
The Issuer shall also perform any internal check of the value of each of the Properties once every three years, for 
residential Properties, and at least once a year for commercial Properties.  
The Issuer may be required to conduct Property valuations whenever there is relevant information that indicates 
that a substantial decrease of the Property value has taken place or that the Property value may have suffered a 
material decline in relation to standard market prices. 
For the purpose of conducting an update of the valuation of the Properties, the Issuer may resort to recognised 
indexes or statistical methods. In this case, the Issuer shall send the CMVM a report with the detailed description 
of such indexes and statistical methods, as well as the grounds for their use, together with an opinion on the 
adequacy of such indexes and statistical methods produced by a reputable independent valuation expert. 
All subsequent updates of the value of the Properties shall be documented by the Issuer, setting out the 
description of the relevant criteria and the frequency of the review. 
The Issuer shall provide the Cover Pool Monitor with all information necessary for the Cover Pool Monitor to 
supervise, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in accordance with the terms set forth in the Cover 
Pool Monitor Agreement, compliance by the Issuer with the requirements set forth in the Legal Regime of Covered 
Bonds and in Regulatory Notice 5/2006 relating to the valuation of the Properties securing the Mortgage Credits 
comprised in the Cover Pool. 
Valuation of other assets 
Pursuant to Regulatory Notice 6/2006, the other assets in the Cover Pool shall be valued as follows:  
(a) 
the deposits shall be accounted according to their amount together with any accrued interest (juros 
corridos); and 
(b) 
the securities eligible for Eurosystem credit transactions shall be accounting for according to the value 
resulting from the application of the rules regarding margin valuation laid down by the Eurosystem or, 
if lower, according to the nominal value of such securities, including accrued interest (juros corridos). 
Insurance 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall adopt and implement procedures to verify if any 
property mortgaged as security for payment of interest and principal in relation to a mortgage credit asset 
comprised in the Cover Pool is duly insured against the risk of loss or damage. 
COVER POOL SEGREGATED REGISTER AND SPECIAL CREDITOR PRIVILEGE

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Autonomous pool of assets and segregated register 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool constitutes an autonomous pool of assets 
(património autónomo), not liable for any general indebtedness incurred by the Issuer until all amounts due to 
the holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred Creditors are fully paid and discharged. 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds provides that the appropriate particulars of each asset comprised in the Cover 
Pool must be recorded in a segregated register within, and maintained by, the Issuer. Such register must record 
the following: 
(a) 
borrower identification; 
(b) 
the outstanding amount; 
(c) 
the interest rate; 
(d) 
the amortisation date; 
(e) 
for collateralised claims, the identification of the entity or individual before whom the relevant deed was 
drawn up or who authenticated the private deed whereby the collateral was created; and 
(f) 
proof of final entry of the collateral in the corresponding real estate registry. 
In case of default in payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds, and in case the holders of such Covered 
Bonds decide to accelerate the relevant Covered Bonds, holders of such Covered Bonds, or the Common 
Representative on their behalf, may have access to the list of assets making up the Cover Pool allocated to the 
relevant Covered Bonds, in accordance with terms to be defined by regulation from CMVM. 
Special creditor privilege 
Under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the holders of Covered Bonds enjoy a special creditor privilege over 
the Cover Pool with preference over any other general creditor, in relation to the repayment of principal and 
payment of interest due under the Covered Bonds. For further information, please refer to the chapter entitled 
“Legal Regime of Covered Bonds”.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
INSOLVENCY OF THE ISSUER  
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds governs, to a certain extent, the impact on the Covered Bonds of a possible 
insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, so as to ensure due protection to the holders of Covered Bonds.  
In the event of insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer, the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds establishes that any 
assets comprised in the Cover Pool, as well as interest revenue, repayments, and any collateral in connection with 
derivative contracts shall be segregated from the Issuer’s insolvent estate and will be managed autonomously by 
a third party, and will not form part thereof, until full payment of the amounts due and payable to the holders of 
Covered Bonds and counterparties of derivative contracts. In any case, and even if the Issuer is declared insolvent, 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds determines that timely payments of interest and reimbursements under the 
Covered Bonds shall continue to be carried out. However, if the assets comprised in the Cover Pool are insufficient 
to meet interest and principal payments, the holders of Covered Bonds will rank pari passu with unsecured 
creditors of the Issuer in relation to the remaining assets of the Issuer. 
Where a resolution action is taken against the Issuer, CMVM shall cooperate with the Bank of Portugal, as the 
competent resolution authority, to protect the rights and interests of the holders of Covered Bonds, in particular 
by verifying the continuity and sound management of the covered bonds programme following the resolution 
action. 
In this situation, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the holders of Covered Bonds are entitled to 
adopt a resolution approving the immediate acceleration of the Covered Bonds by a majority of at least two thirds 
of the votes of the holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding, in which case the entity appointed to manage the 
Cover Pool shall provide for the liquidation thereof to the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds. If an Insolvency 
Event occurs in relation to the Issuer, the Bank of Portugal, as the competent resolution authority, shall notify 
CMVM, as soon as possible, when it applies a resolution measure to the Issuer, informing it, specifically, of the 
treatment of the Covered Bonds in the resolution action applied. In addition, if the authorisation of the Issuer to 
act as a credit institution in Portugal is revoked, the Bank of Portugal will immediately inform CMVM of the 
decision to revoke the authorisation of the Issuer. 
In case of revocation of the authorisation to act as a credit institution in Portugal and consequent liquidation of 
the Issuer, CMVM may appoint a special administrator (the “Special Administrator”) within 10 business days after 
the revocation of such authorisation. The roles and responsibilities of the Special Administrator include: 
(a) 
extinction of liabilities associated with the Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
the management and settlement of cover assets, including their transfer to another credit institution 
that issues covered bonds, together with the liabilities associated with such covered bonds; 
(c) 
performing all acts and operations necessary for: 
(i) 
the adequate administration of the Cover Pool;  
(ii) 
the continuous monitoring of the coverage of the liabilities associated with the Covered Bonds;

--- Page 130 ---
130 
and 
(iii) 
the initiation of the necessary legal actions to reintegrate the assets into the Cover Pool and the 
transfer of the remaining assets to the insolvent estate (massa insolvente) of the Issuer, after all 
Covered Bond liabilities have been discharged; 
(d) 
performing all acts and operations necessary for the sound management of the claims and respective 
collateral, to ensure the timely payment of all amounts due to the holders of the Covered Bonds, 
including, but not limited to: 
(i) 
selling the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(ii) 
ensuring collection services in respect of the Mortgage Credits comprised in the Cover Pool; 
(iii) 
administrative services in connection with such Mortgage Credits and respective borrowers; and 
(iv) 
amending and extinguishing conservative acts relating to the guarantees; and 
(e) 
maintaining and keeping updated a segregated register of the Cover Pool in accordance with the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds. 
CMVM may dismiss the Special Administrator, in particular, in cases where such Special Administrator fails to fulfil 
and comply with the duties and responsibilities assigned under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. The 
remuneration of the Special Administrator is fixed by CMVM and constitutes a charge on the Cover Pool. 
Finally, CMVM, the Bank of Portugal, as the competent resolution authority, and (if appointed) the Special 
Administrator shall coordinate their measures and exchange the necessary information for the performance of 
their respective functions. 
The Special Administrator will prepare, immediately upon being appointed, an opening balance sheet in relation 
to the Cover Pool, supplemented by the corresponding explanatory notes, as well as an annual report, regarding 
the Cover Pool. The annual report shall be subject to an audit report, prepared by an independent auditor 
appointed by the Special Administrator. By the end of the quarter following the end of the relevant financial year, 
the Special Administrator will share with CMVM the annual report, jointly with the audit report.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE OF THE HOLDERS OF COVERED BONDS 
Bondholders, S.L., with registered office at Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1, 46023 Valencia, Spain, has been appointed 
by the Issuer as representative of the holders of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 28 of the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative 
Appointment Agreement.  
The Issuer has appointed the Common Representative to represent the holders of Covered Bonds. According to 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the relevant provisions of the Portuguese Commercial Companies Code, 
the Common Representative may be entitled to perform all the necessary acts and actions in order to ensure 
protection of the holders of Covered Bonds, notably: (a) to represent the holders of Covered Bonds in respect of 
all matters arising from the issuance of the Covered Bonds and to enforce on their behalf their legal or contractual 
rights; (b) to enforce any decision taken by the general meetings of the holders of Covered Bonds, in particular 
those where the acceleration of the Covered Bonds may be decided; (c) to represent the holders of Covered Bonds 
in any judicial proceedings, including judicial proceedings against the Issuer and, in particular, in the context of 
any winding-up, dissolution or insolvency commenced by or against the Issuer; (d) to collect and examine all the 
relevant documentation in respect of the Issuer which is provided to its shareholders; and (e) to provide the 
holders of Covered Bonds with all relevant information regarding the issuance of the Covered Bonds it may 
become aware of by virtue of its role as Common Representative under the Common Representative Appointment 
Agreement. 
The holders of the Covered Bonds may at any time, by means of resolutions passed in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions and the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, remove the Common Representative 
and appoint a new common representative. The removal of any Common Representative shall not become 
effective unless a common representative in office is appointed.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
APPOINTMENT OF A COVER POOL MONITOR 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds requires that the Board of Directors of the Issuer appoints a qualified person 
or entity to be the monitor of the Cover Pool (the “Cover Pool Monitor”) who shall be responsible, for the benefit 
of the holders of Covered Bonds, for monitoring the compliance by the Issuer of the requirements contained in 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Regulatory Notices.  
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor must be an independent auditor 
registered with CMVM. For these purposes, an independent auditor must be an auditor which is not related to or 
associated with any group of specific interests within the issuing entity and is not in a position that hinders its 
independent analysis and decision-making process. In particular, such independent auditor shall not (i) be the 
statutory auditor responsible for the statutory audit of BST’s annual report in the two years prior to the time of 
its appointment and is not financially, personally, commercially, professionally, or otherwise related to any such 
statutory auditor, its network, or any individual who can influence the findings of the audit; or (ii) be associated 
with any special interest group in BST nor is in any situation that could hinder its impartiality of analysis or decision-
making, in particular because it holds or acts on behalf of holders of qualifying holdings of 5 per cent. or more of 
BST's share capital nor has performed the duties set out in (i) above in relation to the relevant issuance or the 
covered bonds programme for 10 consecutive years.  
The Issuer is responsible for paying any remuneration or other monies payable to the Cover Pool Monitor in 
connection with the Cover Pool Monitor’s responsibilities in respect of the Issuer and the holders of Covered 
Bonds. 
ROLE OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, dated 9 March 2023, the Issuer appointed Deloitte & Associados, 
SROC, S.A. as Cover Pool Monitor. Deloitte & Associados, SROC, S.A. is registered with CMVM under registration 
number 20161389. 
The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement reflects the requirements of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds in relation to 
the appointment of a monitor in respect of the requirements (namely, financial requirements and the 
requirements set forth in Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and Issuer Covenants)) concerning 
the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds. The Cover Pool Monitor Agreement provides for certain matters such as 
overcollateralisation (see Characteristics of the Cover Pool), valuation of assets comprised in the Cover Pool, the 
payment of fees and expenses by the Issuer to the Cover Pool Monitor, the resignation of the Cover Pool Monitor 
and the replacement by the Issuer of the Cover Pool Monitor. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
In accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor is required to monitor, for the 
benefit of the holders of the Covered Bonds, compliance by the Issuer with the financial and prudential

--- Page 133 ---
133 
requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in the Regulatory Notices in respect of the 
Cover Pool. In particular, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be engaged to assess compliance by the Issuer with the 
requirements set forth in Condition 14 (Overcollateralisation, Liquidity Buffer and Issuer Covenants). 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Regulatory Notices, the Cover Pool Monitor is entitled to 
be provided with all information required to monitor compliance by the Issuer with the requirements relating to 
outstanding Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool. 
In accordance with Article 17 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, in the performance of its duties, the Cover 
Pool Monitor shall verify on an ongoing basis, including in the event of liquidation or resolution of the Issuer, the 
quality of the assets comprising the Cover Pool and compliance with the applicable requirements on eligibility of 
assets, including risk coverage and derivatives, composition and homogeneity of the Cover Pool, segregation, 
intra-group structures and joint funding, coverage and liquidity requirements, as well as the information provided 
to the holders of Covered Bonds. In addition, if the Cover Pool Monitor, while performing its duties, detects any 
irregularity it shall communicate it immediately and simultaneously to the Issuer and CMVM. 
Finally, in accordance with Article 17 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool Monitor must produce 
an annual report, by reference to 31 December, with an assessment of the Issuer’s compliance with the 
requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in the Regulatory Notices, in particular the 
quality of the assets comprising the Cover Pool and compliance with the applicable requirements on eligibility of 
assets, including risk coverage and derivatives, composition and homogeneity of the Cover Pool, segregation, 
intra-group structures and joint funding, coverage and liquidity requirements, as well as information provided to 
investors. 
REMUNERATION AND TERMINATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF THE COVER POOL MONITOR 
In accordance with the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor shall be remunerated by the Issuer 
for its services as Cover Pool Monitor at a rate as may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer and the 
Cover Pool Monitor. 
The Cover Pool Monitor can only be dismissed by the Issuer with cause, and their dismissal and relevant cause 
must be communicated to CMVM within 10 days from its occurrence. The Cover Pool Monitor may retire, upon 
giving not less than 3 calendar months’ notice in writing to the Issuer. Any such termination or retirement shall 
not become effective until a new cover pool monitor is appointed.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Legal and Commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal name of the Issuer is Banco Santander Totta, S.A. and its most frequent commercial name is “Santander 
Totta”. 
Incorporation, registration, legal form, head office and contacts of the Issuer, legislation that governs the 
Issuer’s activity and website of the Issuer 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. is a limited liability company (sociedade anónima) incorporated under the laws of 
Portugal with a registered and fully paid up share capital of EUR 1,391,779,674.00, represented by 1,391,779,674 
ordinary shares with a nominal value of EUR 1.00 each, and registered in the Commercial Registry Office of Lisbon 
under the sole registration and taxpayer number 500 844 321. BST’s registered address is at Rua Áurea, no. 88, in 
Lisbon, Portugal, and the telephone number of its registered office is +351 21 326 2031. The Issuer was registered 
by deed on 19 December 2004. The Issuer is a credit institution whose activities are regulated by the RGICSF and 
is subject to the Portuguese Companies Code (approved by Decree-Law 262/86, of 2 September 1986, as 
amended). 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 549300URJH9VSI58CS32. 
Information contained in the Issuer’s official website (www.santander.pt) or in any other website referred to in 
this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
CMVM unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and, therefore, the Issuer is 
not liable, and cannot be held liable, for the information contained on such websites, which, except for the Issuer’s 
official website (www.santander.pt), have not been reviewed by the Issuer with the purpose of assessing if the 
information contained therein is complete, true, updated, clear, objective and licit. 
Business overview  
BST’s commercial banking business is managed through its retail network. The investment banking and investment 
funds businesses of BST, formerly managed through Banco Santander de Negócios Portugal, S.A. (“BSN”), are now 
directly managed by BST, following BST’s merger with BSN in May 2010. The specialised credit business (including 
leasing, factoring and consumer credit) is also directly managed by BST, following BST’s merger with Totta – 
Crédito Especializado, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. on 1 April 2011. The strategy of the BST Group is to 
position itself as a full service bank offering customers a full range of banking products. 
The commercial banking business is divided into four core customer/business areas: 
(i) 
individuals and self-employed; 
(ii) 
small and medium-sized businesses; 
(iii) 
corporate and institutional customers; and 
(iv) 
high net worth individuals.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer had a domestic network of 358 branches (compared to 434 in 31 December 
2020). BST has subsidiaries and representative offices abroad, as well as investments in subsidiaries and associated 
companies.  
The Issuer has a long-standing strategy of targeting the university market. It serves this market with branches 
located either within or near university campuses. In lower traffic sites, the Issuer has small kiosks which offer its 
customers more limited services and shorter opening hours. 
Economic and Financial Information in 2021 and 2022 
Consolidated Business 
Introduction 
For the year ending 31 December 2021, the consolidated net income attributable to BST shareholders was EUR 
270.5 million, an increase of 4.9 per cent. compared to the EUR 257.7 million registered in the year ending 31 
December 2020. As at 30 June 2022, the consolidated net income attributable to BST shareholders was EUR 232 
million, an increase of 365.6 per cent. compared to the EUR 49.8 million registered in 30 June 2021. 
As at 31 December 2021, the efficiency ratio6 stood at 40.8 per cent., a decrease of 5.3 per cent. since December 
2020, resulting from the 3.3 per cent. increase in net income from banking activities and the 8.7 per cent. 
reduction in operating costs. As at 30 June 2022, the efficiency ratio stood at 39.9 per cent., a decrease of 0.8 per 
cent., when compared to the 40.7 per cent. in the same period of the previous year, given the 11.9 per cent. 
reduction in net income from banking activities and 14.8 per cent. reduction in operating costs. 
Loans and advances to customers (gross) amounted to EUR 43.4 billion as at 31 December 2021, an increase of 
1.7 per cent. compared to the same period last year. Loans to individuals grew by 5.6 per cent. and loans to 
companies decreased by 1.3 per cent. since 31 December 2020. The non-performing exposure ratio stood at 2.3 
per cent. as at 31 December 2021, with provisions coverage of 81 per cent. As at 30 June 2022, loans and advances 
to customers (gross) amounted to EUR 43.6 billion, an increase of 0.5 per cent. compared to the same period last 
year. Loans to individuals grew by 6.6 per cent. and loans to companies decreased by 2.8 per cent. since 30 June 
2021. The non-performing exposure ratio stood at 2.2 per cent. as at 30 June 2022, with provisions coverage of 
82.1 per cent. 
 
 
 
6 Efficiency ratio corresponds to the ratio between “Operating costs” and the sum of “Net income from banking activities” and “Cash contributions to 
resolution funds and deposit guarantee schemes”.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
As at 31 December 2021, customer resources totalled EUR 47.4 billion, an increase of 9 per cent. year-on-year, 
determined by a 7.4 per cent. increase in deposits and a 16.6 per cent. increase in off-balance sheet resources. As 
at 30 June 2022, customer resources totalled EUR 49 billion, an increase of 6 per cent. year-on-year. 
In 2021, the funding obtained from the ECB, in the amount of EUR 7.5 billion, was based entirely on long-term 
operations, through TLTRO III. Net exposure to the Eurosystem stood at EUR 0.6 billion. Long-term financing also 
included EUR 2 billion in covered bonds and EUR 0.5 billion in securitisations.  
As at 30 June 2022, the funding obtained from the ECB, in the amount of EUR 7.5 billion, continued to be based 
entirely on long-term operations, through TLTRO III. Net exposure to the Eurosystem stood at EUR -2.6 billion (net 
surplus). Long-term financing also included EUR 2 billion in covered bonds, EUR 0.5 billion in securitisations, EUR 
0.7 billion of senior non preferred issuances and EUR 0.3 billion of subordinated issuances. 
Short-term funding (repos), either through repurchase agreements or institutional deposits, was nil. 
In 2021, the LCR, calculated in accordance with the CRD IV rules, stood at 131.6 per cent., meeting the regulatory 
requirement on the fully-implemented basis. As at 30 June 2022, the LCR, calculated in accordance with the CRD 
IV rules, stood at 145.97 per cent., thus meeting the regulatory requirement on the fully-implemented basis. 
Results 2021 
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS (million euro) 
  
Dec-21   
Dec-20   
Var. 
Net interest income 
  
728.7   
785.0   
-7.2% 
Income from equity instruments 
  
1.5   
1.7   
-11.4% 
Results from associates 
  
4.2   
5.6   
-24.7% 
Net fees 
  
432.1   
377.7   
+14.4% 
Other operating results 
  
9.6   
8.4   
+15.1% 
Commercial revenue 
  
1,176.2   
1,178.3   
-0.2% 
Gain/losses on financial assets 
  
141.3   
96.5   
+46.4% 
Net income from banking activities 
  
1,317.5   
1,274.8   
+3.3% 
Operating costs 
  
(521.9)    
(571.4)   
-8.7% 
  Staff expenses 
  
(279.4)    
(321.8)   
-13.2% 
  Other administrative expenses 
  
(193.2)    
(197.6)   
-2.2% 
  Depreciation  
  
(49.3)    
(52.0)   
-5.2% 
Cash Contributions to resolution funds and deposit guarantee schemes 
 
(37.7)  
(35.6)  
+5.8% 
Net operating Income 
  
757.9   
667.7   
+13.5% 
Impairment, net provisions and other results 
  
(354.8)    
(299.2)   
+18.6% 
Income before taxes and non-controlling interests 
  
403.1   
368.5   
+9.4% 
Taxes 
  
(132.6)    
(110.7)   
+19.8%

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Income after taxes and before non-controlling interests 
  
270.5   
257.7   
+4.9% 
Non-controlling interests 
  
0.0   
0.0   
- 
Consolidated net income attributable to BST shareholders  
  
270.5   
257.7   
+4.9% 
Net interest income amounted to EUR 728.7 million at the end of 2021, a 7.2 per cent. decrease when compared 
to the preceding year, reflecting the decline in credit spreads, with negative interest rates in the context of a very 
competitive sector, and the management of the public debt securities portfolio. Results from associates stood at 
EUR 4.2 million at the end of 2021, a decrease of 24.7 per cent. compared to the EUR 5.6 million registered in the 
preceding year. 
Net fees stood at EUR 432.1 million, an increase of 14.4 per cent. compared to 2020, with special emphasis on the 
contribution of account commissions, with the offer of bundled accounts including a set of associated services 
and means of payment, due to the greater volume of transactions (given the progressive reopening of economic 
activity), of funds and of insurances, reflecting the diversification of customer resources and the strategic focus 
on the distribution of autonomous insurance and credit, and due to the commercial dynamics of the new 
concession. Other operating results amounted to EUR 9.6 million, 15.1 per cent. above the results registered for 
the same period last year. Commercial revenue, in the amount of EUR 1,176.2 million, decreased 0.2 per cent. in 
relation to the amount determined in 2020. 
As at 31 December 2021, Gain/Losses on financial assets amounted to EUR 141.3 million, compared to EUR 96.5 
million in the previous year, an increase of 46.4 per cent. including the income generated in the management of 
the public debt portfolio. 
Net income from banking activities amounted to EUR 1,317.5 million in December 2021, an increase of 3.3 per 
cent. when compared to the equivalent amount as at the end of December 2020. 
 
NET INCOME FROM BANKING ACTIVITIES 
million euro  
 
 
393,4
447,5
96,5
141,3
785,0
728,7
Dec-20
Dec-21
Net Interest Income
Gain/losses on financial assets
Net fees, Income from equity instruments, Results from associates and Other operating results
1,274.8
1,317.5
+3.3%

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Operating costs amounted to EUR 521.9 million in 2021, registering a 8.7 per cent. decrease compared to the 
previous year.  
In 2021, the Bank implemented an operational and commercial transformation plan aimed at adapting to the 
increasingly competitive and digital environment, which involved a significant investment in organisational 
simplification, process automation and greater technological capacity, with the goal of improving the quality of 
the Bank’s services and customer satisfaction and loyalty. This led to the closure of 84 branches and downsizing 
of 1,193 employees. In 2021, staff expenses totalled EUR 279.4 million, representing a 13.2 per cent. decrease 
compared to the previous year, and other administrative expenses amounted to EUR 193.2 million in 2021, a year-
on-year decrease of 2.2 per cent. Depreciation in the year totalled EUR 49.3 million as of 31 December 2021, down 
by 5.2 per cent. compared to the end of 2020. As regards the operating costs structure in 2021, staff expenses 
accounted for 54 per cent. of the total, followed by other administrative expenses at 37 per cent. and depreciation 
at 9 per cent.. 
OPERATING COSTS (million euro)  
  
Dec-21   
Dec-20   
Var. 
  Staff expenses 
 
(279.4) 
 
(321.8) 
 
-13.2% 
  Other Administrative Expenses 
 
(193.2) 
 
(197.6) 
 
-2.2% 
  Depreciation 
 
(49.3) 
 
(52.0) 
 
-5.2% 
Operating costs 
  
(521.9)   
(571.4)   
-8.7% 
Efficiency ratio7 
  
40.8%   
46.1%   
-5.3 p.p. 
 
At the end of 2021, the efficiency ratio stood at 40.8 per cent., which corresponds to a decrease of 5.3 p.p. 
compared to 46.1 per cent. in the previous year, given the 3.3 per cent. increase in net income from banking 
activities and the 8.7 per cent. decrease in operating costs.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 Efficiency ratio corresponds to the ratio between “Operating costs” and the sum of “Net income from banking activities” and “Cash contributions to 
resolution funds and deposit guarantee schemes”.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
EFFICIENCY RATIO  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In 2021, the cash contributions made to the resolution funds and deposit guarantee schemes amounted to EUR 
37.7 million, an increase of 5.8 per cent. compared to the EUR 35.6 million incurred in the previous year. 
Net operating income amounted to EUR 757.9 million in 2021, a 13.5 per cent. year-on-year increase, reflecting 
the positive evolution of revenues and the decrease in operating costs. 
Impairment, net provisions and other results registered a cost of EUR 354.8 million in 2021 compared to EUR 299.2 
million in 2020.  
In 2021, net impairment of financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss totalled EUR 73.5 
million, 60.8 per cent. less than the EUR 187.7 million recorded a year earlier, when an additional overlay provision 
was established following the inclusion of the forward looking component of the macro-economic scenario 
associated with the COVID-19 pandemic context. The recovery of economic activity and the prudent conduct 
adopted in the event of a possible degradation of the loan portfolio, allowed for the partial reversal of the overlay 
provision previously established. 
Net provisions and other results include an extraordinary provision in the amount of EUR 235.0 million for the 
Bank’s transformation plan, focused on the optimisation of its branch network and investments in processes, 
digitalisation and technology. A cost of EUR 22.5 million was also recorded in 2021, which referred to the initial 
allocation made to the Santander Portugal Foundation, whose mission involves education, employability, ecology, 
and the social fields of action. 
The regulatory cost with the Banking Sector Contribution and Solidarity tax on the banking sector, in the amount 
of EUR 35.1 million, increased by 1.7 per cent. in 2021, compared to the EUR 34.5 million registered in 2020. 
Income before taxes and non-controlling interests amounted to EUR 403.1 million, a 9.4 per cent. increase 
compared to the amount determined for the same period in 2020. 
Taxes amounted to EUR 132.6 million in 2021, a year-on-year increase of 19.8 per cent.. 
46,1
40,8
Dec-20
Dec-21
-5.3 p.p.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Consolidated net income attributable to BST shareholders amounted to EUR 270.5 million in 2021, a 4.9 per cent. 
year-on-year increase. 
Results – First Half of 2022 (unaudited and unreviewed) 
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS (million euro) 
Jun-22 
Jun-21 
Var. 
Net interest income 
368.9 
381.8 
-3.4% 
Income from equity instruments 
3.7 
1.5 
+138.5% 
Results from associates 
1.4 
1.1 
+26.0% 
Net fees 
242.4 
205.8 
+17.8% 
Other operating results 
5.6 
3.1 
+83.8% 
Commercial revenue 
622.0 
593.4 
+4.8% 
Gain/losses on financial assets 
19.3 
134.1 
-85.6% 
Net income from banking activities 
641.3 
727.5 
-11.9% 
Operating costs 
(239) 
(280.7) 
-14.8% 
  Staff expenses 
(129.3) 
(157.3) 
-17.8% 
  Other administrative expenses 
(86.9) 
(98.1) 
-11.5% 
  Depreciation  
(22.9) 
(25.2) 
-9.2% 
Cash Contributions to resolution funds and deposit guarantee schemes 
(41.4) 
(37.7) 
+10.0% 
Net operating Income 
360.7 
409.2 
-11.8% 
Impairment, net provisions and other results 
(20.5) 
(328.2) 
-93.7% 
Income before taxes and non-controlling interests 
340.2 
81.0 
+319.9% 
Taxes 
(108.2) 
(31.2) 
+247.0% 
Income after taxes and before non-controlling interests 
232.0 
49.8 
+365.6% 
Non-controlling interests 
(0.0) 
(0.0) 
-53.7% 
Consolidated net income attributable to BST shareholders  
232.0 
49.8 
+365.6% 
Net interest income amounted to EUR 368.9 million at 30 June 2022, a 3.4 per cent. decrease when compared to 
EUR 381.8 million recorded in the same period of 2021, revealing the competitive environment, which put a 
downward pressure on credit spreads, and led to changes in the relative composition of the credit portfolio, 
resulting from the dynamics of mortgage credit. 
Net fees stood at EUR 242.4 million, an increase of 17.8 per cent. compared to 30 June 2021, mainly supported by 
the fees on means of payment and a higher volume of transactions, given the progressive normalisation of 
economic activity and credit. Such normalisation was due to the commercial dynamics of the new concession, in 
particular mortgage of funds and insurance, reflecting the diversification of customer resources and the strategic 
focus on the distribution of autonomous risk insurance, with emphasis on the offer of car insurance for individuals 
and companies, of financial advisory, and of accounts, with the offer of packaged accounts with a set of associated

--- Page 141 ---
141 
services. Other operating results amounted to EUR 5.6 million, 83.8 per cent. above the results registered for the 
same period last year. Commercial revenue, in the amount of EUR 622 million, increased by 4.8 per cent. in relation 
to the amount determined as at 30 June 2021.  
As at 30 June 2022, Gain/Losses on financial assets amounted to EUR 19.3 million, compared to EUR 134.1 million 
in the same period in 2021, reflecting a decrease of 85.6 per cent., which was influenced by the results generated 
in the management of the public debt securities portfolio. Net income from banking activities amounted to EUR 
641.3 million as at 30 June 2022, a decrease of 11.9 per cent. when compared to the equivalent amount as at 30 
June 2021. 
NET INCOME FROM BANKING ACTIVITES 
million euro 
  
Operating costs amounted to EUR 239.1 million as at 30 June 2022, registering a 14.8 per cent. decrease compared 
to 30 June 2021. 
On 30 June 2022, staff expenses totalled EUR 129.3 million, representing a 17.8 per cent. decrease compared to 
30 June 2021, and other administrative expenses amounted to EUR 86.9 million as at 30 June 2022, a year-on-
year decrease of 11.5 per cent. Depreciation in the year totalled EUR 22.9 million as of 30 June 2022, down by 9.2 
per cent. compared to 30 June 2021.  
OPERATING COSTS (million euro)  
  
Jun-22   
Jun-21   
Var. 
  Staff costs 
 
(129.3) 
 
(157.3) 
 
-17.8% 
  General Administrative Expenses 
 
(86.9) 
 
(98.1) 
 
-11.5% 
  Depreciation in the year 
 
(22.9) 
 
(25.2) 
 
-9.2% 
Operating costs 
  
(239.1)   
(280.7)   
-14.8% 
Efficiency ratio 
  
39.9%   
40.7%   
-0.8 p.p. 
211,5
253,1
134,1
19,3
381,8
368,9
Jun-21
Jun-22
Net Interest Income
Gain/losses on financial transactions
Net Fees and other
727,5
641,3
-11.9%

--- Page 142 ---
142 
As at 30 June 2022, the efficiency ratio stood at 39.9 per cent., 0.8 p.p. less, when compared to the 40.7 per cent. 
in the same period of the previous year, given the 11.9 per cent. reduction in net income from banking activities 
and 14.8 per cent. reduction in operating costs. 
EFFICIENCY RATIO  
 
 
% 
  
  
  
  
 
#REF! 
 
 
On 30 June 2022, the cash contributions made to the resolution funds and deposit guarantee schemes amounted 
to EUR 41 million, above the cost of EUR 37.7 million incurred as at 30 June 2021. 
Net operating income amounted to EUR 360.7 million as at 30 June 2022, reflecting a 11.8 per cent. year-on-year 
decrease. 
Impairment, net provisions and other results registered a cost of EUR 20.5 million in June 2022 compared to EUR 
328.2 million in June 2021.  
As at 30 June 2022, the regulatory cost with the Banking Sector Contribution and Solidarity tax on the banking 
sector was in the amount of EUR 35.9 million. 
As at 30 June 2022, income before taxes and non-controlling interests amounted to EUR 340.2 million, a 319.9 per 
cent. increase compared to the amount determined for the same period in 2021. 
Taxes amounted to EUR 108.2 million in June 2022, compared to EUR 31.2 million recorded in June 2021. 
As at 30 June 2022, consolidated net income attributable to BST shareholders amounted to EUR 232 million, 
reflecting a 365.6 per cent. year-on-year increase. 
Balance Sheet and Activity – 2021 
At the end of 2021, business volume amounted to EUR 90.9 billion, a 5.4 per cent. increase compared to the 
amount recorded in 2020, resulting from the 1.7 per cent. increase in loans and advances to customers (gross) 
and 9 per cent. increase in customers’ resources. 
The Loans / Deposits ratio measured by the ratio of loans and advances to customers (net) to deposits stood at 
40,7
39,9
Jun-21
Jun-22
-0.8pp

--- Page 143 ---
143 
108.8 per cent. in December 2021, 6.1 per cent. less than in the same period last year, given the lower growth in 
credit than in deposits.  
 
LOAN / DEPOSITS RATIO (Transformation ratio) 
% 
  
  
  
  
 
#REF! 
 
In 2021, loans and advances to customers (gross) amounted to EUR 43.4 billion, up 1.7 per cent. compared to the 
same period in 2020, reflecting the favourable evolution in the production of mortgage credit, credit facilities 
guaranteed by the State, and public and private investment projects, within the scope of European funds.  
LOANS (million euro) 
Dec-21 
Dec-20 
Var. 
Loans and advances to customers (gross) 
43,416 
42,681 
+1.7% 
    of which 
 
  
 
         Loans to individuals 
24,035 
22,768 
+5.6% 
                of which 
 
  
 
                    Mortgage  
21,921 
20,671 
+6.0% 
                    Consumer 
1,716 
1,681 
+2.1% 
         Loans to corporates 
16,159 
16,371 
-1.3% 
 
Loans to individuals stood at EUR 24 billion, a year-on-year increase of 5.6 per cent. in 2021. 
Mortgage loans increased by 6 per cent. in 2021 to EUR 21.9 billion. 
Consumer loans increased by 2.1 per cent. in 2021 to EUR 1.7 billion. 
114,9
108,8
Dec-20
Dec-21
-6.1 p.p.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Loans to corporates amounted to EUR 16.2 billion as at 31 December 2021, a decrease of 1.3 per cent. compared 
to 2020 due to the maturity of operations in the large companies segment in the last quarter of the year, in a 
context of high liquidity. 
 
LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (GROSS) 
billion euro 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At the end of 2021, the non-performing exposure ratio, in line with the EBA’s definition (in relation to balance 
sheet exposures), stood at 2.3 per cent., a 0.3 per cent. year-on-year decrease, with impairment coverage standing 
at 81 per cent. (72.3 per cent. in the previous year). The cost of credit stood at 0.17 per cent. in 2021, 0.28 p.p. 
less than the 0.45 per cent. registered in 2020. 
CREDIT RISK RATIOS 
Dec-21 
Dec-20 
Var. 
Non-performing Exposure Ratio 
2.3% 
2.6% 
-0.3p.p. 
Non-Performing Exposure coverage Ratio 
81% 
72.3% 
+8.7p.p. 
Cost of credit 
0.17% 
0.45% 
-0.28p.p. 
Customers’ Resources amounted to EUR 47.4 billion at the end of 2021, an increase of 9 per cent. when compared 
with the amount recorded in 2020, supported by the 7.4 per cent. increase in deposits and the 16.6 per cent. 
increase in off-balance sheet resources since 2020. 
RESOURCES (million euro) 
Dec-21 
Dec-20 
Var. 
Customers' resources 
47,438 
43,539 
+9.0% 
    On-balance sheet resources 
38,959 
36,270 
+7.4% 
         Deposits 
38,959 
36,270 
+7.4% 
    Off-balance sheet resources 
8,479 
7,269 
+16.6% 
3,5
3,2
16,4
16,2
22,8
24,0
Dec-20
Dec-21
Individuals
Corporates
Other
42.7
43.4
+1,7%

--- Page 145 ---
145 
         Investment funds marketed by the Bank 
4,340 
3,252 
+33.4% 
         Insurance and other resources marketed by the Bank 
4,139 
4,017 
+3.1% 
Deposits amounted to EUR 39 billion in 2021, an increase of 7.4 per cent. year-on-year, representing the main 
source of balance sheet funding and reflecting the increase in families’ savings rate, as well as the trust and loyalty 
of the Bank’s customers, in a context of historically low interest rates. 
Off-balance sheet resources stood at EUR 8.5 billion at the end of 2021, up 16.6 per cent. in relation to December 
2020. Investment funds marketed by the Bank, in the amount of EUR 4.3 billion, increased 33.4 per cent. compared 
to the previous year and insurance and other resources marketed by the Bank stood at EUR 4.1 billion as at 31 
December 2021, registering a 3.1 per cent. year-on-year increase. 
Solvency Ratios 
At the end of December 2021, the CET1 ratio, calculated according to CRR/CRD IV, stood at 26.4 per cent. (fully 
implemented), an increase of 5.6 per cent. compared to the previous year, reflecting the Bank’s ability to generate 
organic capital and manage RWAs. 
In light of recommendation ECB/2020/19 issued by the ECB on 27 March 2020, the Board of Directors of BST 
decided not to distribute dividends in 2021.  
BST has a very high capitalisation rate, above the minimum requirements set by the ECB within the scope of the 
SREP. In 2021, the CET1 ratio was 8.3 per cent., the Tier 1 ratio was 10.1 per cent. and the Total Capital ratio was 
12.5 per cent. (fully implemented). 
The 25.4 per cent. MREL ratio at the end of June 2022 was above the fully implemented requirement of 20.05 per 
cent., required from 1 January 2024. 
CAPITAL (million euro) 
Dec-21 
Dec-20 
Var. 
Common Equity Tier 1 
3,797 
3,729 
1.8% 
Tier 1 Capital 
3,797 
3,729 
+1.8% 
Total Capital 
4,178 
4,138 
+1% 
Risk Weighted Assets (RWA) 
14,408 
17,954 
-19.8% 
CET 1 ratio 
26.4% 
20.8% 
+5.6 p.p. 
Tier 1 ratio  
26.4% 
20.8% 
+5.6 p.p. 
Total Capital ratio 
29% 
23.1% 
+5.9 p.p. 
Balance Sheet and Activity – First Half of 2022 (unaudited and unreviewed) 
As at 31 June 2022, business volume amounted to EUR 92.5 billion, a 3.3 per cent. increase compared to the 
amount recorded in the same period in 2021, resulting from the 0.5 per cent. increase in credit and 6 per cent. 
increase in customers’ resources. 
The Loans / Deposits ratio measured by the ratio of loans and advances to customers (net) to deposits stood at

--- Page 146 ---
146 
103.1 per cent. as at 31 June 2022, 7.7 per cent. less than in the same period last year, given the lower growth in 
credit than in deposits.  
LOANS / DEPOSITS RATIO (Transformation ratio) 
  
% 
  
  
  
  
 
#REF! 
 
As at the end of the first half of 2022, loans and advances to customers (gross) amounted to EUR 43.6 billion, up 
0.5 per cent. compared to the same period in 2021, reflecting the favourable evolution in the production of 
mortgage credit.  
LOANS (million euro) 
Jun-22 
Jun-21 
Var. 
Loans and advances to customers (gross) 
43,579 
43,379 
+0.5% 
    of which 
 
  
 
         Loans to individuals 
24,877 
23,332 
+6.6% 
                of which 
 
  
 
                    Mortgage  
22,703 
21,253 
+6.8% 
                    Consumer 
1,793 
1,668 
+7.5% 
         Loans to corporates 
15,950 
16,408 
-2.8% 
As at 30 June 2022, loans to individuals stood at EUR 24.9 billion, a year-on-year increase of 6.6 per cent. compared 
to the same period in 2021, mortgage loans increased by 6.8 per cent. to EUR 22.7 billion, consumer loans 
increased by 7.5 per cent. to EUR 1.8 billion and loans to corporates amounted to EUR 16 billion, a decrease of 2.8 
per cent. compared to same period in 2021. 
110,8
103,1
Jun-21
Jun-22
7 7 p p
110,8
103,1
Jun-21
Jun-22
-7.7pp

--- Page 147 ---
147 
LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (GROSS) 
billion euro 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
As at 30 June 2022, the non-performing exposure ratio, in line with the EBA’s definition (in relation to balance 
sheet exposures), stood at 2.2 per cent., a 0.3 per cent. year-on-year decrease, with impairment coverage standing 
at 82.1 per cent. (79.2 per cent. in the same period in 2021). The cost of credit stood at 0.01 per cent. on 30 June 
2022, less than the 0.36 per cent. registered on 30 June 2021. 
CREDIT RISK RATIOS 
Jun-22 
Jun-21 
Var. 
Non-performing Exposure Ratio 
2.2% 
2.5% 
-0.3p.p. 
Non-Performing Exposure coverage Ratio 
82.1% 
79.2% 
+2.9p.p. 
Cost of credit 
0.01% 
0.36% 
-0.35p.p. 
Customers’ Resources amounted to EUR 48.9 billion at the end of June 2022, an increase of 6 per cent. when 
compared with the amount recorded in the same period of 2021, with an 8.2 per cent. increase in deposits and a 
4.4 per cent. decrease in off-balance sheet resources. 
RESOURCES (million euro) 
Jun-22 
Jun-21 
Var. 
Customers' resources 
48,917 
49,142 
+6.0% 
    On-balance sheet resources 
41,298 
38,174 
+8.2% 
         Deposits 
41,298 
38,174 
+8.2% 
    Off-balance sheet resources 
7,619 
7,967 
+4.4% 
         Investment funds marketed by the Bank 
3,781 
3,940 
+4.0% 
         Insurance and other resources marketed by the Bank 
3,838 
4,027 
+4.7% 
Deposits amounted to EUR 41.3 billion at the end of June 2022, reflecting an increase of 8.2 per cent. year-on-
year, representing the main source of balance sheet funding and reflecting the increase in families’ savings rate, 
as well as the trust and loyalty of the Bank’s customers, in a context of historically low interest rates. 
3,6
2,8
16,4
16,0
23,3
24,9
Jun-21
Jun-22
Individuals
Corporates
Other
43.4
43.6
+0.5%

--- Page 148 ---
148 
Off-balance sheet resources stood at EUR 7.6 billion at the end of June 2022, down by 4.4 per cent. in relation to 
June 2021. Investment funds marketed by the Bank stood at EUR 3.8 billion at the end of June 2022 compared to 
EUR 3.9 billion at the end of June 2021 and insurance and other resources marketed by the Bank stood at EUR 3.8 
billion as at 30 June 2022, registering a 4.7 per cent. year-on-year decrease. 
Solvency Ratios 
At the end of June 2022, the CET1 ratio, calculated according to CRR/CRD IV, stood at 16.4 per cent. (fully 
implemented), a decrease of 6.5 per cent. compared to June 2021, reflecting the Bank’s ability to generate organic 
capital and manage RWAs. 
BST has a very high capitalisation rate, above the minimum requirements set by the ECB within the scope of the 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP), which, for 2022, were 8.3 per cent. for CET1 ratio, 10.1 per 
cent. for Tier 1 ratio, and 12.5 per cent. for Total Capital ratio (fully implemented). 
The 25.4 per cent. MREL ratio at the end of June 2022 was above the fully implemented requirement of 20.05 per 
cent.8, required from 1 January 2024. 
CAPITAL (million euro) 
Jun-22 
Jun-21 
Var. 
Common Equity Tier 1 
2,613 
3.879 
-32.6% 
Tier 1 Capital 
2,613 
3.879 
-32.6% 
Total Capital 
3,000 
4.292 
-30.1% 
Risk Weighted Assets (RWA) 
15,971 
16.955 
-5.8% 
CET 1 ratio 
16.4 
22.9 
-6.5 p.p. 
Tier 1 ratio  
16.4 
22.9 
-6.5 p.p. 
Total Capital ratio 
18.8 
25.3 
-6.5 p.p. 
 
Consolidated results of Santander SGPS – 2022 
On 2 February 2023, Santander SGPS issued a press release with its full year 2022 consolidated financial results, 
which have not been reviewed or audited as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
As BST is held by Santander SGPS in approximately 98.882 per cent., the Issuer believes that the financial 
information presented below is relevant for investors to consider.  
 
 
 
8 Adds the combined buffer requirement of 2.5 per cent. of TREA.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
Results 
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS* (million euro) 
  
Dec/22   
Dec/21   
Var. 
Net interest income 
  
782.9   
729.6   
+7.3% 
Income from equity instruments 
  
3.8   
1.5   +148.9% 
Results from associates 
  
20.6   
16.1   
+27.8% 
Net fees 
  
470.3   
426.6   
+10.2% 
Other results from banking activities 
  
-31.1   
-26.8   
+16.0% 
Insurance activity 
  
12.2   
16.2   
-24.6% 
Commercial revenue 
  
1,258.6   
1,163.2   
+8.2% 
Gain/losses on financial assets 
  
88.3   
155.3   
-43.1% 
Net Income from Banking Activities (1) 
  
1,346.9   
1,318.5   
+2.2% 
Operating costs 
  
-486.0   
-528.7   
-8.1% 
  Staff expenses 
  
-263.4   
-282.1   
-6.6% 
  Other Administrative Expenses 
  
-176.9   
-196.9   
-10.2% 
  Depreciation 
  
-45.7   
-49.7   
-8.1% 
Net operating Income 
  
860.9   
789.7   
+9.0% 
Impairment (net) of financial assets at amortised cost 
  
12.0   
-73.5   
- 
Net provisions and other results 
  
0.7   
-281.2   
- 
Income before taxes and non-controlling interests 
  
873.5   
435.0   +100.8% 
Taxes 
  
-266.6   
-136.3   
+95.6% 
Non-controlling interests 
  
-0.2   
-0.1   +101.3% 
Consolidated net income 
  
606.7 (2)   
298.6   +103.2% 
(1) Includes the costs with the Resolution and Deposit Guarantee Funds 
(2) Includes the impact of capital gains obtained in intra-group operations 
* Not audited and not reviewed 
At the end of 2022, Santander SGPS achieved a net profit of EUR 568.59 million, compared to the EUR 298.6 million 
it achieved in the same period in 2021. This amount includes an extraordinary expenditure in the amount of EUR 
164.5 million (net of taxes), recorded in the first quarter of 2021.  
 
 
 
9 Excludes the impact of capital gains obtained in intra-group operations.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Net income from banking activities10 amounted to EUR 1,291.6 million, a 2.0 per cent. decrease compared to the 
end of 2021, due to the improved results of commercial activity (commercial revenue grew by 8.2 per cent. in 
2022 compared to the same period in the previous year), which helped to significantly compensate for the 
reduction in results from gains/losses in financial assets, which recorded a 78.8 per cent. decrease compared to 
the amount registered in 2021, when they had reached a very high value as a result of the management of the 
securities portfolio. 
Operating costs, in the amount of EUR 486.0 million, recorded an 8.1 per cent. decrease compared to the end of 
2021, as a result of which net operating income increased by 2.0 per cent. to EUR 805.6 million in 2022. The 
efficiency ratio decreased by 2.5 p.p. to 37.6 per cent. 
Net interest income amounted to EUR 782.9 million, corresponding to a 7.3 per cent. growth compared to the 
same period in 2021. This recovery was due to the changes in the interest rate context, with the monetary policy 
measures implemented by the ECB in terms of the increase in the interest rate on the deposit facility, which had 
remained in negative territory throughout the first half of 2022. On the other hand, the ongoing competitive 
environment continued to put downward pressure on credit spreads. 
Net fees, amounting to EUR 470.3 million, recorded a year-on-year growth of 10.2 per cent., benefiting from a 
combination of several factors. On one hand, the post-pandemic economic recovery allowed for increased 
transactional fees, particularly for means of payment and also for credit associated with the dynamics of mortgage 
loan origination. On the other hand, Santander SGPS’s focus on protection strategy, namely in terms of the 
distribution of non-related risk insurance, with an emphasis on the offer of car insurance for individuals and 
companies, made it possible to offset the dynamics in terms of asset management fees. 
Other results from banking activity amounted to EUR -31.1 million, a 16 per cent. increase compared to the same 
period in 2021, reflecting, to a large extent, the costs with resolution funds, both national and European. Income 
from insurance activity, in the amount of EUR 12.2 million, decreased by 24.6 per cent. year-on-year, and income 
from gains/losses on financial assets recorded a year-on-year decrease of 78.8 per cent., dropping to 33.0 million, 
an evolution that reflects the revenue associated with portfolio management operations of public debt securities 
recorded in the first quarter of 2021. 
Operating costs amounted to EUR 486 million, recording an 8.1 per cent. reduction compared to the end of 2021, 
as a result of the 6.6 per cent. decrease in staff expenses and the 10.2 per cent. decrease in general and 
administrative expenses. Depreciations decreased by 8.1 per cent. in this same period. Throughout 2022, 
 
 
 
10 Net income from banking activities includes charges with Resolution Funds and with the Deposit Guarantee Fund.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Santander SGPS carried out a comprehensive operational and commercial transformation plan, seeking to adjust 
its structure and processes to changes in the way customers relate to banking entities, with a focus on simplifying 
processes and improving service quality. In addition to the clear benefits in terms of productivity and customer 
experience, this transformation allowed Santander SGPS to maintain a controlled cost base in a context of sharp 
acceleration of inflation, particularly in the second half of 2022. 
Net impairment of financial assets at amortised cost amounted to EUR 12.0 million, an improvement compared 
to the EUR -73.5 million recorded in the same period last year. Despite the changed context, clearly illustrated by 
the increased EURIBOR interest rates and consequent increase in the cost of credit, as well as the acceleration of 
inflation, the Portuguese economy remained quite dynamic throughout 2022, with a situation of full employment 
resulting in the stability of the unemployment rate at around 6 per cent. throughout the year. This contributed to 
the fact that, despite the complex economic context, there was no perceptible impact on the quality of the loan 
portfolio, with the Non-Performing Exposure(“NPE”) ratio standing at 2.0 per cent. at the end of 2022, a reduction 
of 0.3 p.p. compared to the level at the end of 2021.  
The dynamics of net provisions and other results in 2022 largely reflect the effect of the extraordinary charges 
related to the implementation of Santander SGPS ’s transformation plan, which were recorded in the first quarter 
of 2021, and also include the charges related to the extraordinary contribution on the banking sector and the 
solidarity surcharge. 
Income before taxes and non-controlling interests amounted to EUR 818.2 million, compared to EUR 435.0 million 
in the same period in 2021. 
Balance Sheet and Business Volumes 
At the end of 2022, the loan portfolio amounted to EUR 43.3 billion, recording a slight decrease of 0.3 per cent. 
compared to the end of 2021. 
In the fourth quarter of 2022, the origination of mortgage loans by Santander SGPS (through BST) remained quite 
dynamic, with a market share of 23 per cent., in line with the annual average. In the eleven months up to the end 
of November 2022, Santander SGPS originated around EUR 3.2 billion in new mortgages, allowing the mortgage 
loan portfolio to grow by 5.5 per cent. compared to the end of 2021. In terms of credit for consumers and other 
purposes, Santander SGPS also maintained quite relevant business activity, with a portfolio growth of 2.8 per cent. 
in 2022. 
Loans to corporates amounted to EUR 15.4 billion, translating into a 3.8 per cent. reduction compared to the same 
period in 2021. This dynamic reflects the combination of several factors, such as the set of scheduled maturities 
at the level of larger companies, which have greater liquidity, in addition to the impacts of the economic 
environment, marked by global uncertainty and rising interest rates. At the end of the third quarter of 2022, 
Santander SGPS (through BST) and the European Investment Bank agreed a new facility in the amount of EUR 820 
million, aimed at granting loans to SMEs and mid-cap companies.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
LOANS 1 (million euro) 
  
Dec/22   
Dec/21   
Var. 
         Loans to individuals 
  
25,290   
24,035   
+5.2% 
                of which 
  
    
    
  
                    Mortgage  
  
23,117   
21,921   
+5.5% 
                    Consumer 
  
1,820   
1,716   
+6.0% 
         Loans to corporates 
  
15,421   
16,025   
-3.8% 
(1) Loans at amortized cost 
The NPE ratio, calculated in accordance with the EBA’s criterion (regarding balance sheet exposure), fell to 2.0 per 
cent. in December 2022, a year-on-year decrease of 0.3 pp, with the respective coverage standing at 87.0 per 
cent.. 
Customers’ resources, amounting to EUR 45.8 billion, recorded a 2.4 per cent. decrease compared to the same 
period in 2021, as a result of the stabilisation of the deposit base (which grew by 0.2 per cent. compared to 
December 2021) and of the 14.3 per cent. reduction in off-balance sheet resources, the dynamics of which 
reflected the context of high inflation observed in the second half of 2022, with a rise in both short and long-term 
interest rates, and a correction of equity markets. 
RESOURCES (million euro) 
  
Dec/22   
Dec/21 
  
Var. 
Customers' resources 
  
45,777  
46,892   
-2.4% 
         Deposits 
  
38,506   
38,412   
+0.2% 
    Off-balance sheet resources 
  
7,270   
8,479   
-
14.3% 
         Investment funds 
  
3,623   
4,340   
-
16.5% 
         Insurance and other resources 
  
3,647   
4,139   
-
11.9% 
 
Liquidity and Solvency 
Santander SGPS pursued its liquidity management strategy aimed at maximising the liquidity cushion available to 
face adverse events. In the last quarter of 2022, Santander SGPS maintained its solid liquidity position, ending the 
year with a liquidity reserve of EUR 15.9 billion. Exposure to the Eurosystem amounted to EUR -3.9 billion (a 
surplus position). 
Santander SGPS has adapted its financing structure to the market context. Financing obtained from the ECB 
remained exclusively in long-term operations and entirely through the TLTRO III financing programme, in the 
amount of EUR 4.2 billion. Short-term funding, through repurchase agreements, amounted to EUR 2.1 billion at 
the end of 2022. 
In terms of long-term financing, in addition to the operation with the ECB, Santander SGPS ended the fourth 
quarter of 2022 with about EUR 1.1 billion in securitisations, EUR 2.0 billion in covered bonds, EUR 1.1 billion in 
senior issuances, EUR 0.2 billion in subordinated issuances, and EUR 0.2 billion in credit linked notes.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
The LCR, calculated in accordance with CRD IV rules, stood at 132.5 per cent., thus meeting the regulatory 
requirements on a fully implemented basis. 
The CET1 ratio, calculated in accordance with CRR/CRD IV rules, reached 16.5 per cent. (fully implemented) in 
December 2022, an 8.6 pp reduction over the same period in 2021, associated with the decision taken by the 
board of directors of Santander SGPS to resume the distribution of dividends in 2022, since the recommendation 
of the ECB (ECB/2020/19), of 27 March 2020, on shareholder remuneration had been lifted. Santander SGPS’s 
solvency also reflects its capacity for generating organic capital, as well as the management of RWAs. 
Santander SGPS still has very high capitalisation levels, clearly above the minimum requirements set by the ECB 
under the SREP (in 2022, CET1: 8.344 per cent., Tier 1: 10.125 per cent., and Total: 12.5 per cent., fully 
implemented). 
In terms of MREL, as of 31 December 2022, Santander SGPS recorded a ratio of 27.7 per cent., above the fully 
implemented requirement of 23.77 per cent. (including the 3 per cent. Combined Buffer Requirement of TREA), 
required as of 31 January 2022. 
CAPITAL (fully implemented) (million euro) 
  
Dec/22   
Dec/21 
Common Equity Tier I 
  
2,613   
3,740 
Tier I Capital 
  
3,013   
4,140 
Total Capital 
  
3,287   
4,204 
Risk Weighted Assets (RWA) 
  
15,813   
14,879 
CET I ratio 
  
16.5%   
25.1% 
Tier I ratio  
  
19.1%   
27.8% 
Total Capital Ratio 
  
20.8%   
28.3% 
Future Outlook  
The main risks and uncertainties related to BST’s business in Portugal are linked to two major factors. 
The first is associated with the fast acceleration of inflation, a process that initially resulted from the rise in prices 
of raw materials, especially energy, as a result of tensions in global value chains caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
In the first half of 2022, inflation accelerated at a faster pace, all across the board, materialising the contagion of 
energy costs to other classes of goods and services, as well as second-round effects, related to the impact of salary 
increases. 
As a result, central banks have accelerated the pace of reference interest rates increases, in a general way, and 
have communicated that, in the current context, their main goal is price stability. In the US, the Federal Reserve, 
in its June 2022 and July 2022 meetings, raised interest rates in steps of 75bp, which had not happened since 
1994, therefore indicating the concerns about the risks that high inflation could turn into a structural process. In 
July 2022, the ECB raised the refinancing rate by 50bp to 0.5 per cent., at a faster pace than it had previously 
signalled, as a result of the greater persistence of inflation. During the September 2022 meeting, the ECB left its

--- Page 154 ---
154 
actions open in terms of the size of the rise, which remained dependent on the economic activity and the inflation 
perspectives available at that time. 
The second risk factor stems from the Russian invasion of Ukraine on the night of February 23-24 2022, and the 
subsequent war that is still going on as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The imposition of sanctions on Russia, 
in response to the military offensive, have had and will continue to have adverse economic impacts, especially in 
Europe, highlighted by rising commodities prices, in particular, energy. Russia is the 3rd largest producer of crude 
oil and is the biggest supplier of natural gas to Europe. As a result, commodity prices including oil have climbed to 
more than a decade high, while Russian gas supplies to central Europe have been progressively reduced as a 
retaliatory measure. 
Therefore, Europe, and also Portugal, is suffering a double shock, with a more intense acceleration of inflation, 
which is being accompanied by an increase in interest rates. 
Rising inflation reduces households' purchasing power, and may lead to a retraction in consumption, a dynamic 
that could be amplified by the increased uncertainty related to the military conflict in Russia-Ukraine and the 
growing interest rates. On the corporate side, it may be that companies are not able to fully reflect their higher 
costs in their sales prices, thus decreasing their margins, which along with the prevailing uncertainty can lead to 
the postponement of investment decisions. 
In terms of interest rate hikes by central banks, the uncertainties relate to the rate of rise (which has been faster 
than usual), and the level at which they will stabilise at the end of the upswing cycle. This increase in financing 
costs results in lower income for both households and companies, which can affect the ability to meet debt 
service, in particular for customers who have been most affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and who were 
already being monitored following the end of credit moratoria in September 2021. 
The current combination of risk factors translates into a context of high uncertainty, and the generation of 
negative risks for growth, but whose full impacts cannot yet be properly estimated. 
Therefore, BST will carry out its activity in a complex context, with the risk of a further slowdown of its business 
and higher interest rates requiring it to constantly monitor credit quality. 
Business Areas Overview  
Individuals and Business, Companies and Institutional  
In the first half of 2022, commercial activity was particularly impacted by two relevant facts: the negative impact 
of the war in Ukraine, with a downturn of the investment component; and the positive impact of the resumption 
of face-to-face life without restrictions, especially on the dynamics of trade and people returning to BST’s 
branches. 
Branch transformation and process simplification 
BST has continued the process of technological improvement and empowerment of its branches, in response to 
changing customer needs and behaviour.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Throughout the first semester in 2022, the Bank invested heavily in increasing the number of new virtual teller 
machines, through which clients can make deposits in banknotes and coins, as well as exchange banknotes and 
change, 24 hours per day.  
As a result of these trends, and the growing use of digital channels, BST took the decision of decreasing the opening 
hours to the public in some branches, keeping the self-service area (equipped with adequate machines) always 
available. 
Individuals 
In the Individuals segment, despite the progressive rise of interest rates, in reaction to the changes in the ECB’s 
monetary policy, mortgage loans maintained a very strong dynamic, with production growing again in the second 
quarter of 2022 and exceeding the threshold of EUR 1 billion. Thus, new production ended the first semester of 
2022 at close to EUR 2 billion, with a market share above 22 per cent.. 
June 2022 saw a slight drop in the submission of new requests for the first time that year as a result of uncertainty 
and higher interest rates. 
BST, through its real estate area, designated “Comprar Casa,” has been improving its customer service through 
the open house process, backed by a technical support structure comprised of experts tasked with helping 
customers contract this product.  
Along the same lines, personal loans also showed an upward trend, reaching a production of more than EUR 300 
million in the first half of 2022, with emphasis on the contracting of online personal loans, which represented 
more than 25 per cent. of all personal credit granted, as well as the contribution of the digital sales area (sales 
through remote channels), in addition to traditional credit contracting at BST’s branches. 
With the end of the restrictions imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic, there was a significant increase in the 
opening of new accounts, and a substantial percentage of customers from abroad. 
In terms of autonomous insurance, BST launched its car insurance for companies, as well as an engagement 
initiative to promote the association of BST’s brand with health. New commercial tools were also developed, 
namely the 360 degree view for consultation by the manager, which includes an integrated perspective of all the 
customer’s insurance products. Finally, BST’s new commercial dynamics were extended to all branches (with an 
“insurance champion” per branch) and several commercial campaigns were carried out with preferential 
conditions for Individuals and companies. 
Companies and Business 
The ongoing uncertainty and changes in the economic context demand major efforts by BST to continuously adapt 
its monitoring procedures over the business activity of companies and businesses, both in the assessment of the 
impacts of these changes, and in the identification and provision of financial instruments (and solutions supporting 
such instruments) to minimise these impacts, with a view to strengthening their economic and financial situation, 
and supporting the transition to a more efficient and environmentally sustainable economy.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Thus, once again, BST is at the forefront in the application of public policies to combat economic and social 
impacts, committed to providing access to the financial instruments launched by the Portuguese State. It has also 
developed an innovative and complete financial and non-financial offer that supports companies and businesses 
in adapting to new realities during the different stages of their value chain, facilitating their rapid adaptation to 
change and promoting greater efficiency in the management of their treasury cycles (in particular, factoring and 
confirming), while also contributing to the financing of productive investments and the transition to a more 
efficient and sustainable economy. 
In this regard, BST remains committed to supporting companies and businesses in accessing European funds, 
whether through the recovery and resilience plan or funds that will be made available under the new “Multiannual 
Financial Framework – PT 2030”, and in securing the best financing conditions, by making available a set of 
facilities along with the European Investment Fund, the European Investment Bank, and the Banco Português de 
Fomento / National Mutual Guarantee System, whose benefits from the guarantees are transferred to customers 
through advantageous market conditions, allowing such financing to reach a much larger number of companies. 
BST is also committed to promoting the transition to a more efficient and sustainable economy, reinforcing the 
available value offer with financing solutions provided under specific conditions that motivate companies and 
businesses to contribute to the climate transition and, thus, indirectly support the fulfilment of Portugal’s 
commitment to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. 
With respect to international business, the trade finance teams have strengthened their proximity to companies, 
pursuing their business origination activity and structuring of more complex operations with national importers 
and exporters, thus maintaining a solid presence in most trade finance operations, a sign of customer confidence 
and BST’s image of solidity and credibility in the international markets. 
SWIFT GPI, which allows real-time validation of the status, execution and receipt of international payments, as 
well as verification of the status of transfers to be sent/received from abroad, remains a unique, innovative offer 
in the market, already attracting a high number of registered customers, corresponding to the issuers of more 
than 40 per cent. of SWIFT payments. 
In March 2022, and for the third consecutive year, BST was recognised by Euromoney magazine as the “Best Trade 
Finance Bank” in Portugal, coming first in the “Market Leader” and “Best Service” categories. 
In terms of correspondent banks, the implementation of the finCase platform, which allows for a more automatic 
and efficient invoicing process with international banks, has strengthened BST’s positioning as a key partner in 
large international projects with a special focus on environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) goals, supporting 
large global counterparties. 
Foreign customers and residents abroad 
Portugal remains an attractive country for foreigners interested in investing in Portugal or wanting to live in 
Portugal, either permanently or with habitual residence. This phenomenon was particularly amplified by the 
demand for labour in sectors such as tourism, catering, and construction, among others. The community of

--- Page 157 ---
157 
Portuguese citizens residing abroad is also quite significant. 
Attentive to these two segments, BST has a centralised team whose main objective is to develop strong, close 
commercial ties with communities of Portuguese and Portuguese descendants residing abroad, as well as to 
attract foreign customers who choose Portugal to invest and/or establish their residence. Within this team, BST 
has a remote management service for customers residing abroad — Santander Próximo International, created in 
2021, which has been reinforcing and consolidating its operations and skills. This is a digital branch dedicated to 
customers residing abroad, which offers a specialised service in several languages, using all technology necessary 
for remote monitoring, provided by a team fully dedicated to these customers.  
In view of BST’s commitment to digital transformation, there has been a decrease in the need for physical contact, 
which allowed BST to decrease its physical presence in 2021, namely with the closure of representative offices in 
Germany, France, and Switzerland, countries where customers are already being closely followed through the 
digital service model. 
BST also focussed on the welcoming of new customers and the introduction of a simplified account opening 
process, with the support of a specialised hotline for Ukrainian refugees, especially in April and May 2022. 
Wealth management and Insurance 
The first half of 2022 was highly conditioned by the factors detailed above, namely Russia’s invasion of Ukraine 
and the repercussions of this conflict on the acceleration of inflation and the conduct of monetary policy. The 
focus placed on fighting inflation led central banks, the Federal Reserve Board and the ECB to report more or less 
aggressive increases to their key interest rates, raising questions about the impact this may have on economic 
growth and a possible recession. 
Volatility was a clear feature of the first half of 2022, with the main equity indices showing sharp devaluations in 
the first semester. In the interest rate markets, correction and volatility were constant throughout the same 
semester, with yield on German 10-year public debt changing from negative rates, at the beginning of 2022, to 
values above 1 per cent. at the end of the first semester. In turn, the US dollar appreciated very strongly against 
the euro, not only because it is perceived as a safe haven asset in times of greater uncertainty, but also as a result 
of the economic expectations for each of these markets. This volatility and synchrony between the various asset 
classes have proved to be a challenge for the management of customers’ financial assets. 
Most of BST’s private banking business indicators evolved under the influence of this macroeconomic 
environment, requiring an even greater proximity to customers and more recurrent monitoring of customer 
portfolios and positions. The segment’s assets under management grew by about 2 per cent. in the first half of 
2022, including a 2 per cent. growth in funds, insurance, and discretionary mandates (without market effect).  
The growth of the private banking customer base maintained quite a strong dynamic, registering significant 
growth throughout the first half of 2022 based on a strong external prospecting activity, and great collaboration 
and support from the branch network and corporate centres.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
In this context of high market volatility, BST’s asset management activity was marked by redemptions of off-
balance sheet resources amounting to almost EUR 64 million, equal to less than 1 per cent. of the total portfolio. 
During this period, BST’s asset management activity sought to actively manage its securities investment funds 
with the goal of minimising its participants’ losses, having recorded a portfolio value in the market of about EUR 
3.8 billion in 2022, which corresponded to a 16.2 per cent. market share. 
Retirement solutions remained a very important commercial focus, with the aim of raising awareness among 
customers about the importance of implementing saving habits. BST recorded an important market share of above 
20 per cent. in this type of product. 
The financial insurance area promoted diversified or mixed insurance products, aimed at the various segments of 
BST. This type of product ended the first semester of 2022 with EUR 3.8 billion in assets under management, with 
a relatively low number of redemptions, amounting to EUR 25 million. 
BST has remained set on its path towards improving quality of customer service and experience, having developed 
a process for contracting financial products at a distance which has allowed for improved service provision by BST. 
The need for greater proximity to customers in 2022 led to the organisation of numerous face-to-face information 
sessions with the aim of conveying and sharing information on the evolution of markets and investment products. 
Corporate and Investment Banking 
2022 further stressed the challenges faced by BST. In addition to the complex social context, impacted by the 
Russia-Ukraine war and by the COVID-19 pandemic, significant macroeconomic changes have been observed 
including the rise in the inflation rate, the rise in interest rates, and the parity of the euro against the US Dollar. 
In recent years, customer relationships have also changed, triggering the acceleration of BST’s digital transition 
and the improvement of its platforms to promote more useful and effective communication. BST has presented 
new and innovative solutions, with an emphasis on ESG and export finance projects, and renewed its commitment 
to customers by providing support to their main operations.  
Within ESG, it is important to mention the conclusion by BST of the first green confirming transaction carried out 
in Portugal maintaining the focus on converting the portfolio into sustainable financing. In export finance, it is 
worth highlighting BST’s mandate as lead arranger and lender in 3 operations with export credit agencies. 
In the first semester of 2022, the loan portfolio recorded a 4.2 per cent. reduction compared to the same period 
of the previous year, justified by the programmed reduction of some operations, in the context of customers’ high 
liquidity capacity. 
In the global debt financing area, in the first six months of 2022, BST secured a total of EUR 362 million in financing 
for the acquisition by Onex Holding Limited from EDP – Energias de Portugal, S.A., of a portfolio of wind farms 
with 221 megawatts of installed capacity. 
BST also supported Generg - Sociedade Gestora De Participações Sociais, S.A., a company which is part of the Total 
Eren Group, by refinancing the entire debt of its main portfolio of renewable energies. A part of the debt

--- Page 159 ---
159 
associated with these two operations, which together totalled more than EUR 580 million, was subsequently 
placed with other credit institutions. 
With these two credit operations, BST once again proved its ability to ensure the financing of its customers’ 
strategic projects, as well as BST’s credibility with other national and international credit institutions. 
Additionally, the global debt financing area played a decisive role in the presentation of innovative and dynamic 
solutions to achieve the decarbonisation objectives of the Portuguese economy, with an emphasis on the 
provision of financial advice for industrial projects to include green hydrogen in their production chain. Several 
relevant financing operations were also concluded in a wide range of sectors, particularly in the real estate sector 
and the industrial sector. 
In 2022, the corporate finance area continued to experience intense activity in the sphere of mergers and 
acquisitions. The successful completion by BST of some of the financial advisory operations are listed below: 
• 
Advising Atlantia S.p.A on the sale of the 17.2 per cent. stake held in Lusoponte – Concessionária Para A 
Travessia Do Tejo, S.A. to MM Capital Partners, a subsidiary of Marubeni Corporation; 
• 
Advising Penta Flex in the spin-off operation between Cordex and Flex 2000; 
• 
Advising Altri, SGPS, S.A. and Greenvolt – Energias Renováveis, S.A. in the latter’s spin-off process; and 
• 
Acting as joint global coordinator in the capital increase / initial public offering of Greenvolt – Energias 
Renováveis, S.A., in the amount of EUR 100 million. 
In the treasury area, particularly in the corporate and commercial banking area, the first half of 2022 was marked 
by business growth in a particularly challenging market context. The escalation of inflation in the main economies 
led to a fast readjustment of expectations amidst sharper interest rate hikes, which increased the cost of hedging 
interest rate risk, at a time when EURIBOR rates had not yet started their upward movement. 
In the foreign exchange segment, the growth rate of digital channels remained steady, with a 21 per cent. increase 
in the number of customers using NetBanco’s foreign exchange platform since the beginning of 2022.  
As far as interest rate risk management is concerned, the rise in long-term interest rates affecting the dynamics 
of EURIBOR rates, represented a challenge for business activity during the second quarter of 2022, but the 
contracting of interest rate risk management solutions helped maintain the growth trend of previous quarters.  
In the area of structured products for retail, two products were launched in the first half of 2022: the DUO 80-20 
“Ageing Population” and the DUO 80-20 “Auto Callable Equity Basket”, which captured over EUR 20 million in 
total.  
In the cash equities area, the equity market, after a slightly lower start in 2022 when compared to the first months 
of 2021, justified by less orders for the North American markets, showed a recovery throughout the first semester 
of 2022, with volumes traded online exceeding the average for 2021. This period also experienced increased 
volumes traded in bonds and exchange-traded funds.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Digital Transformation 
During the first six months of 2022, BST continued to pursue its digital transformation process, with the main 
objectives of strengthening proximity to its customers and simplifying processes through digital solutions. This 
strategy has allowed for the consolidation of the growth trend in BST’s number of digital customers, one of the 
main goals of this area. 
At the end of the first half of 2022, BST had 1,019,000 digital customers, a 3.8 per cent. increase compared to the 
same period last year (corresponding to a total increase of 38,000 customers). 
Individuals Channels 
At the end of 2021, BST launched the new individuals customers app, and, in the first few months of 2022, it 
completed the migration of customers to this new model of mobile banking, common to the various geographical 
areas covered by BST Group in Europe.  
In the first six months of 2022, BST continued to update the app and the NetBanco online banking platform. As 
regards the app, several initiatives were launched to improve consultation, notifications, top-up, and payments. 
As regards NetBanco, the new Global Position, which became the entry page, the new Contacts Page, an 
improvement in the organisation of the top-up functionality, and new direct debit management functionalities 
were identified as key features. These implemented improvements not only present a more modern interface, 
but also a new information architecture, optimised for current customer needs. 
Regarding the increased product offer in BST’s various channels, the new “OneClick” sales accidents was launched, 
as well as the robust sale in the SafeCare Health Viva Mais insurance. NetBanco individual customers can also 
check corporate events, open a securities account with joint accounts, change credit card limits, and confirm their 
insurance associated with credit. In the late payments area, more types of loans and leasing products are now 
available for payments and in digital channels and self-service mode, customers can now open a digital account 
for two holders and for non-residents. 
Private customers can access a new private banking portal via NetBanco individuals. Furthermore, NetBanco 
customers can now rate and submit their opinion on more features and products. 
Corporate Channels 
BST has continued to strengthen its relationship with corporate customers, making new functionalities available 
through its various channels. 
In June 2022, NetBanco corporate registered 112,000 users with logins over the last 30 days, a 2.5 per cent. 
increase (representing 3 thousand users) compared to the end of 2021. 
The companies app maintained its growth trend in terms of number of users, reaching a total of 42,000 users at 
the end of the first semester of 2022, and continuing to remain in the lead in the rating of banking apps for 
companies across app stores.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
During the first half of 2022, Netbanco companies provided its customers with a new stream for point-of-sale 
cancellation, as well as more possibilities for paying outstanding debts in more types of loans and leasing products. 
In addition, customers now enjoy a better experience when using the term deposits functionality, when ordering 
meal cards, and when consulting the updates. 
In the companies app, customers are now also able to top-up their prepaid cards.  
BST has reinforced the opportunities for customers to give their opinion through the web and mobile channels, 
via surveys which help BST understand their main needs. By systematically gathering these insights, BST reinforces 
its permanent focus on the customer, which is key to its value creation. 
Technology and Operations 
The technology divisions, in alignment with the business and digital transformation areas, implement digital 
solutions geared towards BST’s employees and customers, namely by promoting the adoption of new 
technologies, modern technological architectures, and agile development approaches. In terms of the regulatory 
context, these divisions have ensured the implementation of initiatives to ensure compliance with the legal and 
regulatory requirements that BST is subject to, as well as the implementation of recommendations arising from 
internal and external audits, which are fundamental pillars for the operation of BST. 
In the first half of 2022, boosted by enablers implemented the previous year, the IT strategic programme 
continued to be pursued, namely with cloud devoted journeys and the transformation of information systems. 
Customers were presented with new functionalities in BST’s digital channels and call centre service, with 
optimised streams and user experience, adapted to individual needs. In the commercial network, new customer 
service capabilities were also made available through platforms such as customer onboarding and insurance. 
In terms of infrastructure, the monitoring component of BST’s systems was strengthened, anticipating corrective 
actions in order to avoid negative impacts on the service, and, following the technological modernisation of the 
communications network, the “SD-WAN” project was launched with the aim of improving communications 
resilience and service levels of the branches and headquarters. 
Driven by the motto “Helping people and businesses to prosper”, the cybersecurity area has remained focused on 
activities it had been managing since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, while monitoring and responding 
to the new challenges posed by the outbreak of war in Europe. Having completed the cyber transformation plan, 
it is now better equipped to identify and tackle the threats considered most dangerous to BST’s business and the 
technology on which it is based. In an increasingly interconnected and interdependent financial ecosystem, focus 
on resilience has led to BST’s adoption of innovative solutions in the detection and response to risks and 
vulnerabilities, namely in key areas such as fraud management, cyber risks within the perimeter of the supply 
chain, and solutions based on “Security by Design”. 
The operations area concluded the “Santander Operations Linked Transformation Project” in 2022, which led to 
the implementation of “SOL Front (Network view)” and “SOL PEX (Operations view)”, having successfully achieved

--- Page 162 ---
162 
the defined strategic objectives, including technological evolution, the automation of processes and digitisation 
of operations, guided by the quality of service provided to customers and the improvement of execution times for 
service level agreements to improve BST’s net promoter score (customer level of satisfaction). 
As a result, the first half of 2022 was marked by the consolidation of the “SOL Front” platform in the commercial 
networks, helping to simplify the way in which orders are placed in the operations area, which resulted in a service 
level more suited to current market requirements and better user experience. 
Along with these activities, BST has continued to develop its automation and process reengineering initiatives, 
enabling the integration of transactions, easier execution, and operational simplification, both in operations and 
in the commercial network. While also reinforcing the sustainability and digitisation goals, the digital strategy for 
operations increased its pace of implementation with the goal of simplifying processes and reducing the need for 
physical documents in the workflow of tasks (leveraging the adoption of digital tools), thus helping to speed up 
process execution and cut costs by reducing paper consumption and the amount of space used for physical 
archives. 
Some of these measures are also in line with the “One Europe” spirit, which advocates, among other things, the 
creation of a team with common objectives and initiatives for all employees in the various geographies where the 
BST Group operates, through the sharing and exchange of mutual knowledge.  
The operations area also remains focused on improving its processes, with a view to continuous improvement, 
taking into account the feedback received from the commercial area following the visits made to the branches 
and the assessment of the net promoter score (customer level of satisfaction). 
Organisational Structure 
BST Group 
The BST Group is a global financial group focusing its operation on two main business areas: commercial retail 
banking and investment banking. The BST Group provides a full range of products and services to individuals, 
companies and institutional investors in Portugal. In addition, following the incorporation of BSN and Totta – 
Crédito Especializado, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A. by the Issuer, the BST Group comprises the 
investment bank networks of the Issuer and the related group of operating companies which are controlled by 
Santander SGPS. 
The holding company in Portugal, Santander SGPS, separates the activities of the participating companies and the 
investment bank business from the activities of the Issuer. The aim of this corporate structuring, whereby all the 
banks and operating companies of the BST Group are controlled by Santander SGPS, is essentially to increase the 
BST Group’s strength and solvency, as well as to provide transparency to the market and allow for adequate 
supervision on a consolidated basis. 
The diagram on the next page shows the structure of the BST Group as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 163 ---
Banco Santander, 
SA 
Santander Totta, 
SGPS 
99,848% 
Banco Santander 
Totta 
98,88% 
Taxagest 
1,00% 
Santander Totta 
Seguros 
100,00% 
Totta Ireland PLC 
100,00% 
(Non Residents) 
Universia 
0,24% 
Gamma STC 
100,00% 
Totta Urbe 
100,00% 
Aegon Santander 
Portugal Vida 
49,00% 
Aegon Santander 
Portugal Não Vida 
49,00% 
Mapfre Santander 
Portugal, S.A. 
49,99% 
99,00% 
1,05% 
99,76%

--- Page 164 ---
History of BST 
Following an agreement entered into on 7 April 2000 between Banco Santander Central Hispano (“BSCH”), Mr. 
António Champalimaud (the former controlling shareholder of Banco Totta & Açores (“BTA”)) and CGD, the Issuer 
acquired a controlling interest of 94.68 per cent. in BTA and 70.66 per cent. in Crédito Predial Português (“CPP”). 
In June 2000, through its associate Santusa Holding, S.L (“Santusa, BSCH”), the Issuer made a public acquisition 
offer for all of the outstanding shares of BTA and CPP. In December 2000, following a capital increase of BTA and 
the restructuring of the investments of the BST Group in Portugal, BTA became the head of the BTA Group, which, 
in addition to CPP, comprised Banco Santander Portugal (“BSP”) and BSN. The first complete year under the BST 
Group structure was 2001. 
The Issuer was established following a corporate restructuring process completed in December 2004, which 
merged the commercial banks within the BST Group in Portugal (namely, BTA, CPP and BSP) into a single legal 
entity. The outcome was a holding company (Santander SGPS), holding the commercial bank, the Issuer and the 
investment bank BSN. The restructuring process was approved by the Bank of Portugal and at the Shareholders’ 
General Meetings of BTA, CPP and BSP on 15 October 2004, with the granting and filing of the deed completed on 
19 December 2004. 
The restructuring was an internal reorganisation of the BST Group in Portugal and resulted in BTA transferring, by 
operation of the merger, all of its assets into the Issuer, which assumed all the obligations of BTA by operation of 
law. 
In May 2010, BSN was incorporated into the Issuer following a merger process that was initiated in 2009 and, as 
a result, the share capital of the Issuer increased from EUR 589,810,510.00 to EUR 620,104,983.00. In August 2010, 
the Issuer announced its intention to carry out a merger with Totta – Crédito Especializado, Instituição Financeira 
de Crédito, S.A., thus concentrating in the Issuer all lending activity currently developed by the merging entities. 
A preliminary project of the acquisition of the shares and the alluded merger was presented to the Bank of 
Portugal in the terms set forth in the law.  
In this context, and following a shareholders resolution, on 18 March 2011, the Issuer announced the decision to 
increase its share capital to EUR 656,723,284.00, by means of contributions in kind (entradas em espécie), which 
would be performed by Santander SGPS through the transfer of 5,750,322 shares representing the share capital 
of Totta – Crédito Especializado, Instituição Financeira de Crédito, S.A., to which it attributed the global value of 
EUR 66,304,973.91. To complete this transaction, 36,618,301 new shares representing the share capital of the 
Issuer, with the nominal amount of EUR 1 each and with an issue premium per share of EUR 0.8107059066, 
corresponding to the relevant share capital increase, were issued. In addition, the holders of the notes issued by 
the Issuer, having met to decide about the aforementioned merger, decided not to oppose such merger on 21 
March 2011. The filing of the share capital increase with the Commercial Registry Office occurred on 24 March 
2011 and the completion of the merger in the terms described above took place on 1 April 2011. 
On 20 December 2015, following the resolution measure applied to Banif by the Bank of Portugal, the Issuer 
acquired a set of rights and obligations, comprised of assets, liabilities, off balance sheet items and assets under

--- Page 165 ---
165 
the management of Banif, as listed in the resolution passed by the Bank of Portugal in that respect, for the amount 
of EUR 150 million. 
On 8 January 2016 and 28 March 2016, the Issuer registered with the competent commercial registry its share 
capital increase by EUR 300,000,000 on each such date, from EUR 656,723,284.00 to EUR 956,723,284.00 and 
from EUR 956,723,284.00 to EUR 1,256,723,284.00, respectively, through the issue of ordinary book-entry and 
nominative shares with the nominal amount of EUR 1 each. These share capital increases were reserved to BST’s 
shareholders and resulted in a total increase of BST’s share capital to EUR 1,256,723,284.00. 
On 30 December 2016, BST completed the acquisition of Gamma – Sociedade de Titularização de Créditos, S.A., a 
securitisation company registered with the CMVM under number 9152, after submitting this transaction to the 
competent authorities and obtaining the necessary authorisations. 
On 24 May 2022, the Issuer registered with the competent commercial registry its share capital increase by EUR 
135,056,390.00, from EUR 1,256,723,284.00 to EUR 1,391,779,674.00. 
The Issuer is the parent company to various subsidiaries and its financial results are affected by the cashflows and 
dividends of its subsidiaries. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the majority shareholders of the Issuer were: 
Shareholder 
Nº of shares 
% 
Santander Totta, SGPS, S.A. 
1,376,219,267 98.882% 
Taxagest - SGPS, S.A. 
14,593,315 
1.05% 
Santander Totta, SGPS, S.A. directly holds approximately 98.882 per cent. of the Issuer.  
Santander Totta, SGPS, S.A. is fully owned directly by Banco Santander, S.A. and TaxaGest SGPS, S.A. is fully owned 
indirectly by Banco Santander, S.A.. Therefore, the Issuer is indirectly owned by Banco Santander, S.A. 
There are no specific mechanisms in place to ensure that control over the Issuer is not abusively exercised. Risk 
of abusive control is, in any case, mitigated by the existence of an Audit Committee and an Auditor, as described 
herein, in the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021 by the legal and regulatory provisions and supervision of the Issuer by the 
CMVM and the Bank of Portugal. 
The Issuer, being (i) a credit institution and (ii) a financial intermediary (i.e. an entity which provides investment 
services/activities and ancillary services) and an issuer of securities admitted to trading on a Portuguese regulated 
market, is subject to the supervision of, respectively, (i) the Bank of Portugal and (ii) the CMVM, which, among 
other regulatory areas, supervise the acquisition and disposition of substantial holdings in the Issuer. 
The Issuer is managed by a Board of Directors (Conselho de Administração) elected at the General Shareholders’ 
Meeting for a three-year period and each of its members is bound by duties of care and loyalty in order to optimise 
the interests of all relevant stakeholders (in accordance with the Portuguese Commercial Companies Code – 
Article 64 – and the RGICSF – Article 75). The business address for each of the members of the Management and

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Statutory Bodies of BST is Rua Áurea, no. 88, 1100-063 Lisbon, Portugal. 
Governing bodies of BST for the 2022-2024 term of office 
On 23 November 2021, the General Meeting of shareholders approved the election of corporate officers for the 
2022-2024 term of office.  
The Governing bodies of BST, authorised on 3 May 2022, for the 2022-2024 term of office, are: 
Board of the General Meeting 
Chairman 
 
António Maria Pinto Leite 
Deputy-chairman 
 
Ricardo Andrade Amaro 
Secretary 
 
Bruno Miguel dos Santos de Jesus 
Board of Directors 
Chairman 
 
José Carlos Brito Sítima 
Deputy-chairman 
 
Pedro Aires Coruche Castro e Almeida 
Members 
 
Amílcar da Silva Lourenço 
 
 
Ana Isabel Abranches Pereira de Carvalho Morais 
 
 
Cristina Alvarez Alvarez 
 
 
Daniel Abel Monteiro Palhares Traça 
 
 
João Pedro Cabral Tavares 
 
 
Isabel Cristina da Silva Guerreiro 
 
 
Manuel António Amaral Franco Preto 
 
 
Manuel Maria de Olazábal y Albuquerque 
 
 
Maria Manuela Machado Costa Farelo Ataíde Marques 
Miguel Belo de Carvalho 
 
 
Remedios Ruiz Maciá 
 
 
Ricardo Lopes da Costa Jorge

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Audit Committee 
Chairman 
 
Ana Isabel Abranches Pereira de Carvalho Morais 
Members 
 
Daniel Abel Monteiro Palhares Traça 
João Pedro Cabral Tavares 
Manuel Maria de Olazábal y Albuquerque 
Maria Manuela Machado Costa Farelo Ataíde Marques 
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. represented by José 
Manuel Henriques Bernardo. 
Executive Committee 
Chairman 
Deputy-chairman 
 
Pedro Aires Coruche Castro e Almeida 
Manuel António Amaral Franco Preto 
Members 
 
Amílcar da Silva Lourenço 
 
 
Isabel Cristina da Silva Guerreiro 
 
 
Miguel Belo de Carvalho 
 
 
Ricardo Lopes da Costa Jorge 
Company Secretary 
Full Secretary 
 
Bruno Miguel dos Santos de Jesus 
Alternate Secretary 
 
Marta Maria Appleton de Serpa Pimentel Marques 
Risk Committee 
 
 
Chairman 
 
Manuel Maria de Olazábal y Albuquerque 
Members 
 
Daniel Abel Monteiro Palhares Traça 
 
 
João Pedro Cabral Tavares 
 
 
Maria Manuela Machado Costa Farelo Ataíde Marques

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
Remedios Ruiz Maciá 
Remuneration Committee 
 
 
Chairman 
 
João Pedro Cabral Tavares 
Members 
 
Daniel Abel Monteiro Palhares Traça  
Manuel Maria de Olazábal y Albuquerque 
Maria Manuela Machado Costa Farelo Ataíde Marques 
Remedios Ruiz Maciá 
Appointment Committee 
 
 
Chairman 
 
Daniel Abel Monteiro Palhares Traça 
Members 
 
Ana Isabel Abranches Pereira de Carvalho Morais 
 
 
Cristina Alvarez Alvarez 
 
 
João Pedro Cabral Tavares  
 
 
Manuel Maria de Olazábal y Albuquerque 
Salaries Committee 
 
 
Chairman 
 
Jaime Pérez Renovales 
Member 
 
Maria Alexandra Teixeira Peres Brandão Palma Cavaco 
 
Relevant activities of directors outside BST 
  
Within 
the 
consolidation 
perimeter 
Outside the consolidation perimeter 
Amílcar da Silva Lourenço 
- 
COTEC Portugal - Associação Empresarial para 
a Inovação (Member of the general council, 
on behalf of BST) 
José Carlos Brito Sítima 
Santander 
Totta 
SGPS, 
SA 
(Chairman of the Board of 
Directors) 
Câmara Comércio e Indústria Luso Espanhola 
(Non-Executive Board Member, on behalf of 
BST)

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Ana Isabel Abranches Pereira de 
Carvalho Morais 
- 
Instituto Superior de Economia e Gestão 
(Member of the Scientific Board and full 
professor); EPAL, Empresa Portuguesa das 
Águas Livres (Chairwoman of the Supervisory 
Board); Águas do Vale do Tejo, S.A. 
(Chairwoman of the Supervisory Board) 
Manuel António Amaral Franco 
Preto 
Santander 
Totta 
SGPS, 
SA 
(Executive 
Board 
Member); 
Taxagest - Sociedade Gestora 
de Participações Sociais, S.A. 
(Chairman of the Board of 
Directors); 
Santander 
Totta 
Seguros 
- 
Companhia 
de 
Seguros de Vida, SA (Chairman 
of the Salaries Committee) 
- 
Manuel Maria de Olazábal y 
Albuquerque 
- 
Fulham Consulting S.L. (Managing Partner) 
Pedro Aires Coruche Castro e 
Almeida 
Santander Totta SGPS (Deputy 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors; Chairman of the ExCo 
(CEO)); Fundação Santander 
Portugal (Chairman of the 
Board of Trustees)  
ACEGE - Associação Cristã de Empresários e 
Gestores (Strategy Council Member, on 
behalf of BST); Centro Paroquial São Francisco 
de Paula (Non-Executive Director); ISEG 
(School Council Member); Fundação Alfredo 
de Sousa (Board of Trustees Member, on 
behalf of BST); Associação Portuguesa de 
Bancos (Member of the Board, on behalf of 
BST); The Trilateral Commission (Euopean 
Group Member) 
Isabel Cristina da Silva Guerreiro 
Banco Santander S.A. (Head of 
Retail & Digital Europe) 
Santander Bank Polska, S.A. (Supervisory 
Board Non-Executive Member) 
Maria Manuela Machado Costa 
Farelo Ataíde Marques 
- 
Católica Lisbon School of Business & 
Economics (Assistant Professor); Gerefinança 
- Consultores de Gestão, Lda (Manager); 
European Money Markets Institute (Non-
Executive Board Member | Supervisory and 
Risk Board Member)

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Miguel Belo de Carvalho 
Santander 
Totta 
SGPS, 
SA 
(Executive Member of the 
Board of Directors); Fundação 
Santander 
Portugal 
(Non-
Executive Member of the Board 
of Directors) 
Fundação Económicas Fundação Para o 
Desenvolvimento das Ciências Económicas, 
Financeiras e Empresariais (Non-Executive 
Board 
Member, 
on 
behalf 
of 
BST); 
Universidade Lusíada – Faculdade de Ciências 
da Economia e da Empresa (Advisory Council 
Member) 
Daniel Abel Monteiro Palhares 
Traça 
- 
Nova School of Business and Economics 
(Dean); Casa de Investimento – Gestão de 
Património e Fundos de Investimento – 
SGOIC, S.A. (Chairman General Meeting); 
Fundação Alfredo de Sousa (Non-Executive 
Board Member, on behalf of NovaSBE); Educa 
Holdco, SL (Non-Executive Member of the 
Board of Directors) 
Remedios Ruiz Maciá 
Banco Santander, S.A. (Global 
Head EWRM) 
UCI SA (Non-Executive Board Member, Audit 
and Risk Committee Member, on behalf of 
BST); UCI, SA, EFC (Non-Executive Board 
Member); Tresmares Capital Corporate SL 
(Non-Executive Board Member, on behalf of 
BST); Deva Capital Holding Company, SL | 
Deva Capital Management Company, SL (Non-
Executive Board Member); Servicios de 
Cobranza, Recuperación y Seguimiento, SA de 
CV (SECORSE) (Alternate Non-Executive Board 
Member, on behalf of Deva Capital Servicer 
Company, S.L.U.); Cobranza Amigable SAPI de 
CV (Alternate Non-Executive Board Member) 
Cristina Alvarez Alvarez 
Banco Santander, S.A. (Head of 
T&O Europe e Espanã) 
Open Bank, S.A. (Non-Executive Board 
Member, on behalf of Banco Santander, S.A.); 
Santander Global Technlogy and Operations, 
SL (Non-Executive Board Member); ADEDAS 
HOMES (Non-Executive Board Member, and 
Chairwoman of the Technology, Innovation 
and Cybersecurity Committee); IE Business 
School (Senior Advisory) 
João Pedro Cabral Tavares 
Fundação Santander Portugal AGEGE – Associação Cristã de Empresários e

--- Page 171 ---
171 
(Non-Executive Member of the 
Board of Directors) 
Gestores (Non-Executive Chairman); IES – 
Social 
Business 
School 
(Non-Executive 
Chairman); Fundação Gaudium Magnum – 
Maria e João Cortez de Lobão (Non-Executive 
Board 
Member); 
Fundação 
Calouste 
Gulbenkian (Advisor to the Board of 
Directors) 
Ricardo Lopes da Costa Jorge 
- 
SIBS SGPS, SA (Non-executive Member of the 
Board of Directors); SIBS Forward Payment, 
Solutions, SA (Non-executive Member of the 
Board of Directors, on behalf of BST); Católica 
Lisbon School of Business & Economics, 
Universidade Católica Portuguesa (Guest 
Professor) 
 
Employees 
In Portugal, certain terms and conditions of employment in the banking sector are negotiated with trade unions 
and wage negotiations occur on an industry-wide basis. The Issuer has not experienced any material labour 
problems and it believes that its relations with its employees are generally satisfactory. The major objectives of 
the BST Group’s staff management programme are directed at creating and improving team spirit through, among 
other measures, recruitment, a training plan and early retirement schemes. 
Material Contracts 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no material contracts that are reasonably likely to have a material 
effect on this Base Prospectus. 
Conflicts of Interest 
The members of the Board of Directors, the Executive Committee, the General Meeting or the Audit Board of BST 
do not have any conflicts, or any potential conflicts, between their duties to BST and their private interests or 
other duties. 
Recent Developments 
On 18 September 2022, BST informed the market that S&P has upgraded its long term rating to “BBB+” with stable 
outlook and its short term debt to “A-2”.  
On 7 November 2022, BST informed the market that Fitch has upgraded its issuer default rating and long-term 
senior debt and deposit ratings to “A-“ with stable outlook while the “viability rating” is maintained at “BBB+”. 
On 13 January 2023, BST informed the market of the decision served by the ECB regarding minimum prudential

--- Page 172 ---
172 
requirements, to be fulfilled in 2023 on a consolidated basis by Santander SGPS. As of 2023, the minimum own 
funds requirements to be observed from the referred date, calculated as a ratio of total RWA, are as follows: 
 
2022 
Pillar 1 
Pillar 2 
Buffers 
CET1 
8.344%  
4.500%  
0.844%  
3.00%  
T1 
10.125%  
6.000% 
1.125%  
3.00%  
Total 
12.500%  
8.000%  
1.500%  
3.00%  
The buffers include the capital conservation buffer (2.5 per cent.) and the O-SII buffer (0.5 per cent.). The Pillar 2 
requirement, in 2023, defined under SREP, is 1.5 per cent. Considering the capital ratios calculated as of 31 
December 2022, Santander SGPS complies with the new minimum capital requirements for CET1, Tier 1 and total 
ratios. 
As at 30 September 2022, Santander SGPS had a CET1 ratio of 17.31 per cent. (fully implemented), a Tier 1 ratio 
of 19.90 per cent., and a total capital ratio of 20.30 per cent.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
ISSUER’S STANDARD BUSINESS PRACTICES  
The internal procedure for approval of an application for a mortgage-backed loan involves: (i) the creation of an 
application by the relevant branch within the internal financial system; and (ii) the receipt of the relevant 
documentation (either the originals or authenticated copies) from the potential borrower. For each mortgage loan 
application, the internal decision process is based on the collection of information needed (financial information; 
relation between income and expenses; warranty; maturity; etc.) for each customer. With this information, the 
engine admission system calculates the admission scoring or the behaviour score that gives the probability of 
default of the credit proposal / customer at the time of evaluation. Depending on the amount on the credit 
proposal and the risk indicated, the application could be decided automatically by the engine decision or by a risk 
analyst.  
Once an application has been accepted, the branch and customer begin the contractual process. This process may 
be summarised as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On a broader scale, the entire process may be summarised as follows: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Receipt of 
Proposal 
Analysis and 
Processing of 
Information 
Approved 
? 
Denied 
End of the Process 
Yes 
Accepted 
Formalisation  
of Process 
No 
Yes 
Accepted 
Client  
Decision  
No 
Not Accepted 
End of the 
Process

--- Page 174 ---
No 
Denied 
No 
Go on with 
the proposal? 
Yes 
Decision Engine 
Denied? 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
Decision Engine 
Review? 
Decision Engine 
Approve? 
Yes 
The Branch 
has powers? 
Yes 
DCH 
No 
Yes 
Modify? 
No 
Higher level of 
authority required 
Credit Risk 
Approval 
Return to 
Scoring 
Change data 
Go to UAO for 
analyse 
Send to 
Scoring (*) 
Associate 
Loans 
 
Distribute 
Proposal 
Modify? 
Yes 
Return to 
Scoring 
Change data 
Send to Scoring 
Credit Risk 
Approval 
UAO has 
powers? 
Higher level of 
authority required 
Approve or  
Denied 
DCH 
No 
Yes 
DECIDE 
UAO 
Approves? 
Branch 
If re-appreciation is required, 
receive the loan, 
Reactivate the process (it goes 
back to (*)). 
Process 
Creation 
Income/ 
Expenses 
Introduce job 
related info 
Introduce 
Mortgage info 
Document checking 
Digital scanning 
Bank of Portugal 
UAO – Operation Analysis Unity 
DCH – Residential Mortgage Division 
No 
No

--- Page 175 ---
Valuation 
Valuations of mortgaged houses are carried out by several valuation companies which are all certified by the 
CMVM. The valuation company is randomly selected by the system based on quotes defined by BST. The 
appraisers of these valuation companies make an internal and external visit to the property in question and carry 
out the evaluation report according to Law no. 153/2015 and other legal requirements. Each of these valuation 
companies has a central department that validates the valuations carried out. The results are subsequently 
uploaded on the internal website of BST. BST has a technical department with a group of qualified and 
independent engineers who audit and monitor the quality of these valuations using appropriate valuation 
samples. 
Monitoring process 
The Issuer is constantly monitoring internal and external risk indicators of its customers and accordingly adjusts 
the behaviour scoring and risk appetite. 
With a constant monitoring of new origination key performance indicators, it is possible to maintain the credit 
quality of the balance sheet. 
In general, the collection processes respects the following 3 phases: (i) digital contact in the first 7 days of arrears 
(ii) the call centre level between the 7th and 15th days of arrears and (iii) the branch level after the 15th day of 
arrears or before when the branch and the recovery managers evaluate that the “human” approach is more 
valuable for each particular case. This last phase includes other commercial specialised collectors to deal with the 
late arrears and if an additional effort to collect the past due amount continues to not work, the next step is 
negotiating a restructuring solution to avoid increasing the non-performing loans. 
Finally, after 90 days of arrears (non-performing loan phase), the litigation procedures take place allocating an 
internal recovery manager that will initiate negotiations with the borrower to reach a successful restructuring 
solution. Alongside the internal manager, an external lawyer is also allocated to start the judicial process if needed. 
To deal with the unsuccessful recovery cases, usually but as a last resort, resolutions like admitting losses, charges-
off or write-offs are adopted after the 730-day past due period, and this is always decided together with the 
internal recovery team, external lawyers and the senior management committees.

--- Page 176 ---
Arrears and NPL credit management 
Flowchart 
 
 
 
2) Pre and Post Litigation and management 
(includ. judicial) 
1) Contactability strategy (Collections) 
The case is ascribed to an internal 
recovery manager, in charge of 
monitoring and recover strategy 
from now on. By the 150
th day of 
arrear the case is also assigned to 
an external lawyer that will 
manage the judicial process 
Internal Recovery Managers 
Early arrears 
(1 ≤ days < 45) 
Before arrears 
(0 days) 
Late arrears 
(45 ≤ days < 132) 
Litigation NPL 
(132 ≤ days < 730) 
Monthly monitoring 
by the Risk 
Portfolio Manager 
team 
Risk monitoring 
Risk 
(k €) 
Digital 
Call-centers 
Branches 
Digital 
communications 
are sent alerting 
the arrears and 
reminding paym. 
facilities (SMS, 
Banners, Email, 
etc) 
Callcenter teams 
contact the 
customer alerting 
the arrears and 
reminding paym. 
facilities (+ 
promise to pay, 
etc.) 
Branches address 
the customer 
alerting of the 
arrears, reminding 
the payment 
facilities and try to 
evaluate the real 
situation of the 
customer 
 
Specialist Collect manager 
Team / Branches 
Team of specialists in credit 
collection help branches in 
the contacting and 
negotiating process and can 
assume the case for the 
most delicate and complex 
ones 
The credit continues to be 
monitored by the internal 
recovery manager and 
external lawyer and 
together define the 
approach for the credit (WO, 
Sales, tec.) 
Internal specialist Teams / 
External lawyers 
W.Off / Sales / REO 
(≥ 730 days)

--- Page 177 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds resulting from each issue of Covered Bonds will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
THE LEGAL REGIME OF COVERED BONDS 
FRAMEWORK 
The Covered Bonds Law introduced a framework for the issuance of asset covered debt securities into Portuguese 
law. The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus will be labelled as “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)”, as set out in Article 42(2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds provided that the Covered Bonds are 
in compliance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the CRR. 
As such, the Cover Pool will comprise only of assets listed in Article 129(1) of the CRR (and provided that the 
requirements under paragraphs 1a to 3 of Article 129 of the CRR are met). 
The Covered Bonds Law has been supplemented by secondary legislation issued by the Regulatory Notices, which 
comprises both regulatory notices (Avisos) and instructions (Instruções). The Regulatory Notices address matters 
such as the segregation of cover pool assets from the insolvent estate of the issuer in the event of insolvency, the 
compliance with asset and liability matching requirements and the methodology for valuation of mortgages and 
properties. 
On 6 May 2022, Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, approving the new Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and 
transposing the CBD, was published in the Portuguese Official Gazette.  
In accordance with the transitional provisions of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, BST as issuer of covered 
bonds applied to CMVM, as supervisory authority, for the conversion of its covered bonds programme, under the 
Covered Bonds Law, to a covered bonds programme compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. CMVM 
has authorised such conversion and, as such all outstanding covered bonds of BST issued under the Covered Bonds 
Law are now subject to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
ISSUERS OF COVERED BONDS 
Covered bonds may only be issued by credit institutions (“Credit Institutions”). 
A Credit Institution must manage its cover pool as well as any properties that it may acquire as a result of the 
enforcement of delinquent mortgage credits. Credit Institutions may also obtain additional liquidity. 
The cover assets, including liquidity buffer assets, interest revenue, repayments, and collateral in connection with 
derivative contracts shall secure the repayment of the covered bonds, the payment of interest, and the payments 
to counterparties of derivative contracts. 
In the event of insolvency, winding-up and dissolution of a Credit Institution, the cover pool over which the holders 
of covered bonds have a special creditor privilege including the principal and any accrued and future interest in 
relation to the cover assets will be segregated from the insolvent estate of such Credit Institution and will form an 
autonomous estate not being liable for any debts of the issuing Credit Institution until any outstanding amounts 
payable to the covered bond holders and counterparties of derivative contracts are fully paid, even in the event 
of liquidation of the issuing Credit Institution.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
In the event of liquidation of the issuing Credit Institution, any assets comprised in the cover pool, as well as 
interest revenue, repayments, and any collateral in connection with derivative contracts shall be segregated from 
the insolvency estate, to be autonomously managed until all amounts payable to the covered bondholders and 
counterparties of derivative contracts have been fully paid. In this respect, the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds 
establishes a special regime which prevails over general Portuguese insolvency regulations.  
If the cover assets are insufficient to meet interest and principal payments due on the covered bonds of the 
insolvent Credit Institution, the holders of covered bonds will also rank pari passu with unsecured creditors of the 
Credit Institution in relation to the remaining assets of the insolvent Credit Institution. 
COVER ASSETS 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds sets out the type of assets that are eligible to collateralise issues of covered 
bonds made by a Credit Institution. For further information regarding the eligible types of assets, please see the 
section “Issuer Required to Maintain Cover Pool” in the chapter entitled “Characteristics of the Cover Pool”. 
Hedging contracts may also be included in the cover pool for hedging purposes, provided they meet certain legal 
requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and in Article 129 of the CRR.  
The Regulatory Notices contain certain rules governing the limits and conditions for the use of these hedging 
contracts. 
For further details on the abovementioned requirements, see the section “Hedging Contracts” in the chapter 
entitled “Characteristics of the Cover Pool”. 
The cover pool is of a dynamic nature. Accordingly, the Credit Institution may be required, or may otherwise 
decide, to include new assets in such cover pool or substitute assets in case the existing ones no longer comply 
with the applicable financial and prudential requirements. 
Furthermore, a Credit Institution is required by the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds to maintain a register, in 
segregated accounts of the Credit Institution, of all the assets comprised in the cover pool, including hedging 
contracts. 
VALUATION AND LOAN TO VALUE CRITERIA 
Credit Institutions are required to conduct valuations of mortgage properties and periodic updates of such 
valuations in accordance with Articles 129 and 208 of the CRR and Regulatory Notice 5/2006, which establishes 
rules on the methods and frequency of the valuations of the properties. 
In accordance with Article 129(1) of the CRR, the maximum loan to value ratio for residential mortgages is 80 per 
cent. and 60 per cent. for commercial mortgages loans (which, in the case of commercial mortgages loans, may 
be increased to 70 per cent., subject to certain conditions). 
The loan-to-value limit shall (i) apply on a loan-by-loan basis, (ii) determine the portion of the loan contribution 
to the coverage of liabilities attached to the covered bond and (iii) apply throughout the entire maturity of the

--- Page 180 ---
180 
loan. 
In accordance with Article 2(1) of Regulatory Notice 5/2006, the value of each property securing a mortgage credit 
comprised in a cover pool corresponds to the commercial value of such property, determined in accordance with 
a criteria of prudence and taking into consideration: (i) the sustainable long term characteristics of such property, 
(ii) the standard conditions of the local market, (iii) the current use of the relevant property and (iv) any alternative 
uses of each such property. 
Pursuant to the requirements of Article 2(2) of Regulatory Notice 5/2006, the commercial value awarded by an 
issuer of covered bonds to each of the properties securing mortgage credits comprised in a cover pool may not 
be higher than the market value of the relevant properties. For these purposes, the market value of each property 
corresponds to the price for which such property can be purchased by a third party purchaser on the date of the 
valuation of such property, assuming that (i) the property is publicly put on sale, (ii) the market conditions allow 
for a regular transfer of the property and (iii) there is a normal period of time to negotiate the corresponding 
purchase and sale, considering the nature of the property. 
Regulatory Notice 5/2006 contains detailed provisions regarding valuation of properties securing mortgage credits 
included in a cover pool (including subsequent valuations), the methods and frequency for such valuations, the 
appointment, remuneration and role of the real estate valuation experts and transitional provisions concerning 
valuations made prior to the enactment of the Regulatory Notices. 
ASSET-LIABILITY MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS 
The Legal Regime of Covered Bonds establishes, as nominal principle coverage requirement, that the calculation 
of the coverage requirement shall be made in accordance with the nominal principle and ensures that the total 
aggregate principal amount of all cover assets is at least equal to or greater than the aggregate principal amount 
of the unpaid covered bonds (i.e., 100 per cent. coverage of the liabilities shall be fully secured by cover assets). 
For the purposes of the calculation of the level of overcollateralisation, as well as of the remaining financial and 
prudential requirements, the liabilities of the covered bonds shall include, namely: 
(a) 
the obligations for the payment of the principal amount of issued covered bonds; 
(b) 
the obligations for payment of any interest arising from the outstanding covered bonds;  
(c) 
the payment obligations arising from derivative contracts comprised in the cover pool; and 
(d) 
the expected costs related to maintenance and administration for the liquidation of the relevant 
programme. 
If the relevant covered bonds are denominated in any currency other than euro, the Credit Institution must use 
the exchange rates published by the ECB as a reference. 
If the limits and requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds are exceeded, the issuer is 
required to remedy the situation immediately by (i) allocating new primary or substitution assets, with or without

--- Page 181 ---
181 
replacing any assets already attached to the covered bonds, (ii) amortising outstanding covered bonds in the 
sufficient amount to remedy the breach and/or (iii) allocating new liquid assets to the liquidity buffer. 
Mortgage credits that become delinquent after being allocated to the cover pool may still remain in such cover 
pool provided that the delinquency period is not equal to or higher than 90 days, in which case such mortgage 
credits must be removed from the cover pool by the Credit Institution and, if necessary to comply with the 
prudential requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Regulatory Notices, 
substituted by new primary or substitution assets.  
Mortgage credits underlying covered bonds may only be sold or encumbered if the Credit Institution allocates 
new primary or substitution assets sufficient to maintain compliance with the financial and prudential 
requirements set forth in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
COVER POOL MONITOR, COMMON REPRESENTATIVE AND SUPERVISION 
The Board of Directors of the Credit Institution is required to appoint an independent auditor registered with 
CMVM for the purposes of monitoring the compliance by such Credit Institution of the financial and prudential 
requirements established in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.  
Pursuant to Article 17 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, the independent auditor is required to prepare and 
issue an annual report on the fulfilment of the applicable legal and regulatory requirements set out in said article. 
A common representative of the holders of the covered bonds, who will be common to all issues of covered bonds, 
must also be appointed by the Credit Institution in order to represent the interests of the holders of covered 
bonds. 
The ECB and CMVM carry out banking and capital markets supervision, respectively. 
SEGREGATION OF COVER ASSETS AND INSOLVENCY REMOTENESS 
Asset segregation and insolvency of Credit Institutions 
The cover assets and hedging contracts allocated by the Credit Institution to the issues of covered bonds, including 
liquidity buffer assets, interest revenue, repayments, and security relating to derivate contracts, will permanently 
remain and be registered in segregated accounts of the Credit Institution. 
In the event of default in payment of interest or principal on the covered bonds, and in case the holders of such 
covered bonds decide to accelerate the relevant covered bonds, holders of such covered bonds, or the common 
representative on their behalf, may have access to the list of assets making up the cover pool allocated to the 
relevant covered bonds, in accordance with terms to be defined by regulation from CMVM. For further 
information regarding the impacts of insolvency of the Issuer, please refer to the chapter entitled “Insolvency of 
the Issuer”. 
The segregation of the cover assets applies in the event of liquidation or resolution of the Credit Institution and 
as such, any assets comprised in the cover pool, as well as interest revenue, repayments, and any collateral in

--- Page 182 ---
182 
connection with derivative contracts will form an autonomous estate over which the holders of the covered bonds 
will have a special creditor privilege (privilégio creditório). 
For further information regarding the segregated register, please refer to the chapter entitled “Characteristics of 
the Cover Pool”. 
Preferential status for covered bonds holders 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, holders of covered bonds benefit from a special creditor privilege 
over the assets assigned to the issue, with precedence over any other creditors, for the purpose of redemption of 
principal and receipt of interest corresponding to the relevant covered bonds. 
The mortgages that serve as collateral for the entitlements of the holders of covered bonds prevail over any real 
estate preferential claims. If the assets comprised in the cover pool are not enough to pay interest and principal 
under the covered bonds, the holders of covered bonds will then rank pari passu with unsecured creditors of the 
relevant Credit Institution. 
The hedging contracts entered into by the Credit Institution also form part of the cover pool and thus the relevant 
counterparties will also benefit from the special creditor privilege over such cover pool. Accordingly, these 
counterparties will have similar rights to those of the holders of the covered bonds and, consequently, their 
contracts are not expected to be called in case of insolvency of the Credit Institution. 
In particular, the holders of covered bonds and the hedging counterparties have: (a) a claim against the credit 
institution issuing the covered bonds, (b) in the case of the insolvency or resolution of the Credit Institution issuing 
the covered bonds, a special creditor privilege on the cover assets in the amount of the principal and any accrued 
and future interest and (c) in the case of the insolvency of the Credit Institution issuing the covered bonds and in 
the event that the privileged credit referred in (b) cannot be fully satisfied, a common claim against the insolvency 
estate of that Credit Institution, which ranks pari passu with the claims of the Credit Institution’s ordinary 
unsecured creditors of the Credit Institution. It is further specified that the entitlements under (a) to (c) above are 
limited to the total payment obligations under the covered bonds and that the above dual recourse and special 
creditor privilege also applies in case of maturity extension of those covered bonds subject to automatic 
extendable maturity, pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.  
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, in the case of dissolution and winding-up of a Credit Institution, 
a meeting of holders of all Series of covered bonds then outstanding may decide, by a 2/3 majority vote, to 
accelerate the covered bonds, in which case the administrator shall provide for the settlement of the estate 
allocated to the relevant issue in accordance with the provisions defined in the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds 
and in the relevant terms and conditions that govern such issue.  
Maturity Extension 
Pursuant to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, Credit Institutions may issue covered bonds with an automatic 
extendable maturity structure when:

--- Page 183 ---
183 
(a) 
the non-discretionary extension requirements are specified in the terms and conditions of the issue 
applicable to the covered bonds; 
(b) 
the information provided to holders of covered bonds relating to covered bonds with such automatic 
extendable maturity structure is sufficient to perceive the respective risk, including: 
(i) 
the operation of the maturity extension; 
(ii) 
the consequences for a maturity extension of the liquidation or resolution of the relevant Credit 
Institution; and 
(iii) 
CMVM’s duties in relation to the maturity extension; 
(c) 
the final maturity date of the covered bonds is determinable at all times; and 
(d) 
in the event of liquidation or resolution of the relevant Credit Institution, maturity extensions do not 
affect the ranking of holders of covered bonds or invert the sequencing of the relevant covered bond 
programme’s original maturity schedule. 
In addition, the maturity of the covered bonds can only be extended based on the following: 
(a) 
revocation of the authorisation of the relevant Credit Institution; or 
(b) 
foreseeable or actual failure to pay the principal or interest amounts of the covered bonds due at the 
initial maturity date, that is not remediable within an established period of time in the terms of the 
relevant issue or the covered bond programme, not exceeding 10 Business Days. 
In order to be able to extend the maturity of covered bonds, the Credit Institution shall notify CMVM of the 
referred extension together with the relevant reasons for such extension (i) no less than 10 calendar days prior to 
the effective date or (ii) as soon as possible, if the occurrence of the reason for the extension or the time it 
becomes known does not allow the Credit Institution to respect the 10 calendar days deadline. CMVM shall 
oppose the maturity extension within 10 calendar days from receipt of such notice from the Credit Institution 
referred to above, when it considers that the requirements for the extension of the maturity are not fulfilled. 
If, prior to the date on which the Covered Bonds will be automatically extended, CMVM has timely and duly 
decided to oppose to such extension, the extension to an extended maturity date will not apply; otherwise, such 
extension will apply.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Credit Institution communicates to CMVM a possible extension with less than 
10 calendar days in advance of the effective date and, if at the date on which the Covered Bonds should 
automatically be extended to the Extended Maturity Date, CMVM has not yet resolved on its opposition, the 
Covered Bonds will be extended to the Extended Maturity Date; if, thereafter CMVM opposes to such extension, 
the extension to the Extended Maturity Date will cease to apply. 
HARMONISATION OF THE EU COVERED BOND FRAMEWORK 
The CBD was published in the Official Journal on 18 December 2019 and came into effect on 7 January 2020,

--- Page 184 ---
184 
establishing a revised common base-line for the issue of covered bonds for EU regulatory purposes and has been 
transposed into Portuguese national legislation by Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, which entered into force 
on 1 July 2022, approving the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
In accordance with the transitional provisions of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, BST as issuer of covered 
bonds applied to CMVM, as supervisory authority, for the conversion of its covered bonds programme, under the 
Covered Bonds Law, to a covered bonds programme compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, and 
submitted the application to CMVM together with the adjusted programme documentation and other applicable 
supporting documents and information. CMVM has authorised such conversion and, as such the covered bonds 
issued under the Programme are compliant with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and subject to the same.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
TAXATION 
Portugal 
The following is a general summary of the Issuer’s understanding of current law and practice in Portugal as in 
effect on the date of this Base Prospectus in relation to certain current relevant aspects to Portuguese taxation of 
the Covered Bonds and is subject to changes in such laws, including changes that could have a retroactive effect. 
The following summary is intended as a general guide only and is not exhaustive. It is not intended to be, nor 
should it be considered to be, legal or tax advice to any holder of Covered Bonds. It does not take into account or 
discuss the tax laws of any country other than Portugal and relates only to the position of persons who are 
absolute beneficial owners of Covered Bonds. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers 
as to the Portuguese or other tax consequences resulting from the purchase, ownership and disposition of 
Covered Bonds, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Portugal and each country 
where they are, or are deemed to be, residents. The reference to “interest”, “other investment income” and 
“capital gains” in the paragraphs below means “interest”, “other investment income” and “capital gains” as 
understood in Portuguese tax law. The statements below do not take into account any different definitions of 
“interest”, “other investment income” or “capital gains” which may prevail under any other law. 
Economic benefits derived from interest, accrued interest, amortisation and reimbursement premiums and other 
instances of remuneration arising in respect of Covered Bonds are designated as investment income for 
Portuguese tax purposes.  
Gains obtained with the repayment of Covered Bonds are classified as capital gains for Portuguese tax purposes. 
1. 
Covered Bonds not held through a centralised control system 
Individuals resident in Portugal 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained on Covered Bonds by a Portuguese resident individual is 
subject to personal income tax. If the payment of interest or other investment income is made available to 
Portuguese resident individuals, withholding tax applies at a rate of 28 per cent., which is the final tax on that 
income unless the individual elects to include it in his taxable income, subject to tax at progressive rates of up to 
48 per cent. In the latter case, an additional income tax rate will be due on the part of the taxable income 
exceeding EUR 80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income up to EUR 250,000 and (ii) 5 
per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding EUR 250,000. Accrued interest qualifies 
as interest, rather than as capital gains, for tax purposes. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the name of 
one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding tax at a rate 
of 35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules will apply. 
Capital gains taxation of 28 per cent., applicable to Portuguese resident individuals, will apply on the positive 
difference between the capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer of the Covered Bonds, unless the

--- Page 186 ---
186 
individual elects to include such income in his taxable income, subject to tax at progressive rates of up to 48 per 
cent. In the latter case, an additional income tax rate will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding EUR 
80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income up to EUR 250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the 
remaining part (if any) of the taxable income exceeding EUR 250,000.  
The positive balance between capital gains and capital losses arising from the transfer for consideration of shares 
and other securities is mandatorily accumulated and taxed at progressive rates if the assets have been held for 
less than 365 days and the taxable income of the taxpayer, including the balance of the capital gains and capital 
losses, amounts to or exceeds EUR 78,834. 
Legal entities resident in Portugal and non-residents with a permanent establishment to which income derived 
from the Covered Bonds is attributable to 
Interest and other types of investment income derived from the Covered Bonds and capital gains and losses 
realised by legal entities resident for tax purposes in Portugal and by non-resident legal persons with a permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which the interest or capital gains or losses are attributable to are included in their 
taxable income and are subject to corporate income tax rate at a rate of (i) 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer is a 
small or medium enterprise as established in Decree-Law 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. for taxable 
profits up to EUR 50,000 and 21 per cent. on profits in excess thereof to which may be added a municipal surcharge 
(derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. of its taxable income. Corporate taxpayers with a taxable income of 
more than EUR 1,500,000 are also subject to a State surcharge (derrama estadual) of (i) 3 per cent. on the part of 
its taxable profits exceeding EUR 1,500,000 up to EUR 7,500,000, (ii) 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits 
that exceeds EUR 7,500,000 up to EUR 35,000,000, and (iii) 9 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits that 
exceeds EUR 35,000,000. 
Withholding tax on interest and other investment income at a rate of 25 per cent. applies, which is deemed as a 
payment on account of the final tax due. 
Portuguese financial institutions, pension funds, retirement and/or education savings funds, venture capital funds 
and collective investment undertakings incorporated under the laws of Portugal and some exempt entities are 
not subject to withholding tax.  
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the name of 
one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities is subject to a final withholding tax at a rate 
of 35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules will apply. 
Non-resident individuals and legal persons with no permanent establishment to which income derived from the 
Covered Bonds is attributable to 
Notwithstanding the special debt securities tax regime as described below, the general tax regime on debt 
securities applicable to non-resident entities is the following. 
Interest and other types of investment income obtained by non-resident beneficial owners (individuals or legal

--- Page 187 ---
187 
persons) without a Portuguese permanent establishment to which the income is attributable to are subject to 
withholding tax at a rate of 28 per cent. (in the case of individuals) or at a rate of 25 per cent. (in the case of legal 
persons), which is the final tax on that income. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal which are in full 
force and effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, the above withholding tax rates may be reduced to 15, 12, 
10 or 5 per cent., depending on the applicable treaty and provided that the relevant formalities (including 
certification of residence by the tax authorities of the beneficial owners of the interest and other investment 
income) are met. The reduction may apply at source or through the refund of excess tax. 
Interest and other investment income paid or made available (colocado à disposição) to accounts in the name of 
one or more accountholders acting on behalf of undisclosed entities are subject to a final withholding tax at a rate 
of 35 per cent., unless the beneficial owner of the income is disclosed, in which case the general rules will apply. 
Withholding tax at a rate of 35 per cent. applies in case of investment income payments to individuals or 
companies domiciled in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in 
the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 150/2004, of 13 February 2004, as 
amended from time to time (the “Ministerial Order”). 
Under domestic law, the responsibility to withhold taxes arising from interest payments of the Covered Bonds 
issued by resident entities for tax purposes belong to the registry or depositary entity, as the case may be. 
Capital gains obtained on the transfer of Covered Bonds by non-resident individuals without a permanent 
establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable to are exempt from Portuguese capital gains taxation 
unless the individual is resident in a country, territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime 
included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list approved by the Ministerial Order. Capital gains obtained by individuals 
that are not entitled to said exemption will be subject to taxation at a 28 per cent. flat rate. Accrued interest does 
not qualify as capital gains for tax purposes. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, Portugal is usually 
not allowed to tax such gains, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case basis. 
Regarding capital gains obtained on the disposal of Covered Bonds by a legal person non-resident in Portugal for 
tax purposes and without a permanent establishment in Portugal to which gains are attributable to are exempt 
from Portuguese capital gains taxation, unless the share capital of the non-resident entity is more than 25 per 
cent. directly or indirectly held by Portuguese resident entities or if the beneficial owner is resident in a country, 
territory or region subject to a clearly more favourable tax regime included in the “low tax jurisdictions” list 
approved by the Ministerial Order. This 25 per cent. threshold will not be applicable when the following 
cumulative requirements are met by the seller: (i) the seller is an entity resident in the EU or in an EEA State which 
is bound to cooperate with Portugal under an administrative cooperation agreement in tax matters similar to the 
exchange of information schemes in relation to tax matters existing within the EU Member States or in any country 
with which Portugal has a double tax treaty in force that foresees the exchange of information; (ii) such entity is 
subject and not exempt from a tax referred to in Article 2 of the Council Directive 2011/96/EU, of 30 November 
2011, or a tax of similar nature with a rate not lower than 60 per cent. of the Portuguese corporate income tax 
rate; (iii) it holds at least 10 per cent. of the share capital or voting rights regarding the entity subject to disposal

--- Page 188 ---
188 
for at least one year uninterruptedly; and (iv) is not intervenient in an artificial arrangement or a series of artificial 
arrangements that have been put into place for the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, of obtaining a tax 
advantage. Although the abovementioned cumulative requirements are in full force and effect since 31 March 
2016 and apply to securities in general, the law is not clear on the application thereof for holders of debt 
representative securities, as some of the alluded requirements appear not to apply to debt representative 
securities. 
If the exemption does not apply, the gains will be subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. Under 
the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, Portugal is usually not allowed to tax such gains, but the applicable rules 
should be confirmed on a case by case basis. 
Acquisition of Covered Bonds through gift or inheritance  
Stamp tax at a rate of 10 per cent. applies to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of Covered Bonds by an 
individual who is domiciled in Portugal. An exemption applies to transfers in favour of the spouse, de facto spouse, 
descendants and parents/grandparents.  
The acquisition of Covered Bonds through gift or inheritance by legal entities resident for tax purposes in Portugal 
and by non-resident legal persons with a permanent establishment in Portugal is subject to corporate income tax 
rate at a rate of (i) 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise as established in Decree-Law 
372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. for taxable profits up to EUR 50,000 and 21 per cent. on profits in 
excess thereof, to which may be added a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) of up to 1.5 per cent. of its 
taxable income. Corporate taxpayers with a taxable income of more than EUR 1,500,000 are also subject to a State 
surcharge (derrama estadual) of (i) 3 per cent. on the part of its taxable profits exceeding EUR 1,500,000 up to 
EUR 7,500,000, (ii) 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding EUR 7,500,000 up to EUR 35,000,000, 
and (iii) 9 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding EUR 35,000,000.  
No stamp tax applies to the acquisition through gift and inheritance of Covered Bonds by an individual who is not 
domiciled in Portugal. The acquisition of Covered Bonds through gift or inheritance by a non-resident legal person 
is subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 25 per cent. Under the tax treaties entered into by Portugal, such 
gains are usually not subject to Portuguese tax, but the applicable rules should be confirmed on a case by case 
basis. 
There is no wealth or estate tax in Portugal related to Covered Bonds. 
2. 
Covered Bonds held through a centralised control system 
The regime described in 1. above corresponds to the general tax treatment of investment income and capital gains 
on Covered Bonds and to the acquisition through gift or inheritance of such Bonds. 
Nevertheless, pursuant to the Special Tax Regime for Debt Securities, approved by Decree-Law 193/2005, of 7 
November 2005, as amended (“the special regime approved by Decree-Law 193/2005”), investment income and 
capital gains on the disposal of debt securities issued by Portuguese resident entities, such as Covered Bonds

--- Page 189 ---
189 
obtained by non-resident beneficial owners, are exempt from Portuguese income tax provided that the debt 
securities are integrated in a centralised system for securities managed by a resident entity or by an international 
clearing system managing entity established in another EU Member State or in an EEA Member State (in this last 
case, provided it is bound by an administrative cooperation in tax matters similar to the one established within 
the EU) and that the beneficial owners are: 
1. 
central banks and / or governmental agencies; or  
2. 
international bodies recognised by the Portuguese State; or 
3. 
entities resident in countries with whom Portugal has a double tax treaty in force or a tax information 
exchange agreement; or  
4. 
other entities without headquarters, effective management or a permanent establishment in 
Portuguese territory to which the relevant income is attributable which are not domiciled in a low tax 
jurisdiction as set out in the Ministerial Order. 
The special regime approved by Decree-Law 193/2005 sets out the detailed rules and procedures to be followed 
on the evidence of non-residence by the beneficial owners of the bonds to which it applies. Under these rules, the 
direct register entity (i.e. the entity affiliated to the centralised system where the Covered Bonds are integrated), 
will be under the obligation (i) to withhold tax on the interest payments arising from the Covered Bonds, if 
necessary, or to (ii) obtain and keep proof, in the form described below, that the beneficial owner is a non-resident 
entity that is entitled to the exemption. As a general rule, the evidence of non-residence status should be provided 
to, and received by, the direct registration entities prior to the relevant date for payment of any interest, or the 
redemption date (for Zero Coupon Covered Bonds), and prior to the transfer of Covered Bonds date, as the case 
may be. The relevant direct registration entity shall withhold the relevant tax if the requirements for a withholding 
tax exemption are not met. 
The following is a general description of the rules and procedures on the proof required for the exemption to 
apply at source, as they stand on the date of this Base Prospectus. 
• 
Domestically Cleared Covered Bonds 
The beneficial owner of Covered Bonds must provide proof of non-residence in Portuguese territory substantially 
in the terms set forth below. 
(1) 
If the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds is a central bank, an international organisation or a public law 
entity and respective agencies, a declaration issued by the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds itself duly 
signed and authenticated, or proof of non-residence pursuant to (4) below. The respective proof of non-
residence in Portugal is provided just once, its periodical renewal not being necessary and the beneficial 
owner should inform the direct register entity immediately of any change on the requirement conditions 
that may prevent the tax exemption from applying; 
(2) 
If the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds is a credit institution, a financial company, a pension fund or

--- Page 190 ---
190 
an insurance company domiciled in any OECD country or in a country with which Portugal has entered 
into a double taxation treaty, certification shall be made by means of the following: (A) its tax 
identification official form; or (B) a certificate issued by the entity responsible for such supervision or 
registration, or by tax authorities, confirming the legal existence of the beneficial owner of Covered 
Bonds and its domicile; or (C) proof of non-residence pursuant to (4) below. The respective proof of non-
residence in Portugal is provided just once, its periodical renewal not being necessary and the beneficial 
owner should inform the register entity immediately of any change on the requirement conditions that 
may prevent the tax exemption from applying; 
(3) 
If the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds is either an investment fund or other type of collective 
investment undertaking domiciled in any OECD country or any country with which Portugal has in force 
a double tax treaty or a tax information exchange agreement, certification shall be provided by means 
of any of the following documents: (A) declaration issued by the entity which is responsible for its 
registration or supervision or by the tax authorities, confirming its legal existence, the law of 
incorporation and domicile; or (B) proof of non-residence pursuant to (4) below. The respective proof of 
non-residence in Portugal is provided just once, its periodical renewal not being necessary and the 
beneficial owner should inform the register entity immediately of any change on the requirement 
conditions that may prevent the tax exemption from applying; and 
(4) 
In any other case, confirmation must be made by way of (A) a certificate of residence or equivalent 
document issued by the relevant tax authorities; or (B) a document issued by the relevant Portuguese 
Consulate certifying residence abroad; or (C) a document specifically issued by an official entity of the 
public administration (either central, regional or peripheral, indirect or autonomous) of the relevant 
country certifying the residence. 
There are rules regarding the authenticity and validity of the documents mentioned in paragraph (4) above, in 
particular that the beneficial owner of Covered Bonds must provide an original or a certified copy of the residence 
certificate or equivalent document. This document must be issued up to until 3 months after the date on which 
the withholding tax would have been applied and will be valid for a 3 year period beginning from the date such 
document is produced. The beneficial owner of Covered Bonds must inform the register entity immediately of any 
change on the requirement conditions that may prevent the tax exemption to apply.  
• 
Internationally Cleared Covered Bonds 
If the Covered Bonds are registered in an account held by an international clearing system, pursuant to the 
requirements set forth in this tax regime, the identification and quantity of securities, as well as the amount of 
income, and, when applicable, the amount of tax withheld, shall be transmitted on each interest payment dates, 
segregated by the following categories of beneficiaries: 
(i) 
Entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to which the 
income would be imputable in Portugal, non-exempt and subject to withholding;

--- Page 191 ---
191 
(ii) 
Entities with residence in a country, territory or region with a clearly more favourable regime, included 
in the Portuguese “blacklist” (countries and territories listed in the Ministerial Order), non-exempt and 
subject to withholding; 
(iii) 
Entities with residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent establishment to which the 
income would be imputable in Portugal, exempt or non-subject to withholding; and 
(iv) 
Other entities which do not have residence, headquarters, effective management or permanent 
establishment to which the income would be imputable in Portugal. 
In each interest payment date and each relevant redemption date, the following elements, regarding each one of 
the beneficiaries mentioned in (i), (ii) and (iii) above, should be transmitted: 
(a) 
Name and address; 
(b) 
Tax identification number, if applicable; 
(c) 
Identification and quantity of the securities held; and 
(d) 
Amount of income. 
The information referred above is transmitted by the international clearing system to the direct registration entity 
or to its representative, and should refer to the universe of accounts under its management. 
No Portuguese exemption shall apply at source under the special regime approved by Decree-Law 193/2005 if the 
above rules and procedures are not complied with. Accordingly, the general Portuguese tax provisions shall apply 
as described above. This will be the case whenever the Covered Bonds are not integrated in a centralised system 
for securities managed by a resident entity or by an international clearing system managing entity established in 
another EU Member State or in an EEA Member State (in this last case, provided it is bound by administrative 
cooperation in tax matters similar to the one established within the EU). 
If the conditions for the exemption to apply are met, but, due to inaccurate or insufficient information, tax was 
withheld, a special refund procedure is available under the special regime approved by Decree-Law 193/2005. The 
refund claim is to be submitted to the direct register entity of the Covered Bonds within 6 months from the date 
the withholding took place. A special tax form for these purposes was approved by Order (Despacho) 2937/2014, 
published in the Portuguese official gazette, second series, no. 37, of 21 February 2014 issued by the Secretary of 
State 
of 
Tax 
Affairs 
(Secretário 
de 
Estado 
dos 
Assuntos 
Fiscais), 
which 
is 
available 
at 
www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt. 
The refund of withholding tax in other circumstances or after the above 6 months period is to be claimed from 
the Portuguese tax authorities and within 2 years from the end of the year in which tax was withheld. 
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
Council Directive 2011/16/EU, as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, introduced 
the automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation concerning bank accounts in accordance with the

--- Page 192 ---
192 
Global Standard released by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development in July 2014 (the 
“Common Reporting Standard”). 
Portugal has implemented Directive 2011/16/EU through Decree-Law 61/2013, of 10 May, as amended by Decree-
Law 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017, Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February and Law 
no. 24-D/2022, of 30 December. Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014 regarding the mandatory 
automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation was also transposed into the Portuguese Law through 
the Decree-Law 64/2016, of 11 October. Under such law, the Issuer is required to collect information regarding 
certain accountholders and report such information to Portuguese Tax Authorities – which, in turn, will report such 
information to the relevant Tax Authorities of EU Member States or third States which have signed the Multilateral 
Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information for the Common 
Reporting Standard. 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required to report to the Tax 
Authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the state of residence) 
information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts, held by individual persons residing in a 
different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons residing in a different 
Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the Directive. The information refers to 
the account balance at the end of the calendar year, income paid or credited in the account and the proceeds 
from the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or credited in the account during the calendar year to 
which the financial institution acted as custodian, broker, nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the account 
holder, among others. 
In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law 64/2016, of 11 October, which was amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 
24 August, and Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019, all information regarding the registration of the financial 
institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations arising thereof and the applicable forms were 
approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-B/2016, of 2 December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order 
(Portaria) no. 282/2018, of 19 October 2018, Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, 
Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-D/2016, of 2 December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 
255/2017, of 14 August and by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 58/2018, of 27 February 2018 and Ministerial Order 
(Portaria) no. 302-E/2016, of 2 December 2016. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as “FATCA”, a “foreign 
financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign 
passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The 
Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. 
A number of jurisdictions (including Portugal) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in

--- Page 193 ---
193 
which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from 
payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such 
as the Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding were required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as 
the Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Covered Bonds 
that are characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. 
federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is 6 months after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for the purposes 
of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the 
Issuer). 
However, if additional Covered Bonds (as described under Condition 15 (Further Issues) in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued 
after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Portugal signed an IGA with the United States on 6 August 2015, and has implemented through Law no. 82-B/2014, 
of 31 December 2014 (as amended), the legal framework based on the reciprocal exchange of information with 
the United States on financial accounts subject to disclosure. The IGA entered into force on 10 August 2016, and 
through Decree-Law 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, which was amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August 2017, 
and Law no. 17/2019, of 14 February 2019, the Portuguese government approved the complementary regulation 
required to comply with FATCA. Under this legislation, the Issuer is required to obtain information regarding 
certain accountholders and report such information to the Portuguese tax authorities, which, in turn, will report 
such information to the U.S. Inland Revenue Service. The exchange of information shall be made by 31 July of each 
year comprising the information gathered respecting the previous year. 
Holders of Covered Bonds should consult their own tax advisers on how these rules may apply to their investment 
in Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds may be subject to Financial transactions tax (“FTT”) 
The EC has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial transaction tax (“FTT”) in Belgium, 
Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating 
Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The proposed FTT has a very broad scope and could, if introduced in its current form, apply to certain dealings in 
Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription

--- Page 194 ---
194 
of Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt. 
Under current proposals the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the 
participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Covered Bonds where at least one 
party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
The FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the scope of any 
such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of Covered 
Bonds are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND SECONDARY MARKET ARRANGEMENTS 
The Dealers have, in the Programme Agreement, represented and agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they 
or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Covered Bonds. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Covered Bonds Interbolsa” and “Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
The following restrictions may be amended or supplemented in the relevant Final Terms. 
United States 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from or in a transaction not subject 
to the registration requirements of the US Securities Act. The Covered Bonds are initially being offered and sold 
only outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the US Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
and the following paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the US Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds (i) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche 
of which such Covered Bonds are a part, except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the US 
Securities Act. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its 
or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Covered Bonds, and 
that it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Each 
Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, at or 
prior to confirmation of sale of Covered Bonds, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a 
selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Covered Bonds from it during the distribution 
compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect:  
“The Covered Bonds covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the “US Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of the Covered Bonds and except in either case in accordance with 
Regulation S under the US Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S.”

--- Page 196 ---
196 
The Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended, and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, an offer or sale 
of such Covered Bonds within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the US Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the US Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act no. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not 
offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, as 
defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act no. 228 of 1949, 
as amended), or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident in Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering and listing 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(1) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a. 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 (as amended, “MiFID II”); or 
b. 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution (as amended from time to time), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
c. 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(2) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor

--- Page 197 ---
197 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and 
will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering and listing contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State of the EEA, 
except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State of the EEA: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any Covered Bonds in any 
Member State of the EEA means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds; and 
• 
the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council, of 14 June 2017, on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC. 
United Kingdom  
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering and listing 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(1) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a. 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of

--- Page 198 ---
198 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
b. 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
c. 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(2) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specify “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which 
are the subject of the offering and listing contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the UK, except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in 
the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer 
or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any Covered Bonds means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Covered Bonds; and 
• 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” when used herein means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required

--- Page 199 ---
199 
to represent and agree that:  
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to such Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving, the UK. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Covered Bonds for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Covered Bonds may 
not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, 
sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Covered Bonds, and 
that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure 
or any similar documents in relation to the Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the “MAS”). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
any Covered Bonds or caused the Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds or cause the Covered Bonds to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Covered Bonds, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore 
(as amended or modified from time to time, the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person 
(as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Covered Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is:

--- Page 200 ---
200 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Covered Bonds pursuant to an offer made 
under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any 
Covered Bonds, all Covered Bonds issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to 
purchase or invest in the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, 
in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be 
made to admit the Covered Bonds to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Covered 
Bonds constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Covered Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available 
in Switzerland.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a 
relevant law, regulation or directive. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Covered Bonds, or 
possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or 
possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer 
nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers has represented that the Covered Bonds may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumed any responsibility for facilitating such sale.  
Secondary Market Arrangements 
The Issuer may enter into agreements with Dealers or other persons in relation to a Tranche or Series of Covered 
Bonds whereby such Dealers may agree to provide liquidity in those Covered Bonds through bid and offer rate 
arrangements. The relevant Dealers or relevant persons in such agreements may agree to quote bid and offer 
prices for the relevant Covered Bonds at such rates and in such sizes as are specified in the relevant agreement 
and the provision of such quotes may be subject to other conditions as set out in the relevant agreement. Not all 
issues of Covered Bonds under the Programme will benefit from such agreements. A description of the main terms 
of any such agreements and the names and addresses of the relevant Dealers or other persons who are party to 
such will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Covered Bonds.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the programme in compliance with the Covered Bonds Law was duly authorised on 9 January 
2008 by a resolution of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the Issuer and the Programme has 
been subsequently updated under the authorisation of the Issuer’s relevant management body. The Issuer applied 
to the CMVM to convert its existing covered bonds programme to a covered bonds programme compliant with 
the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, as authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 28 
February 2023. The CMVM authorised such conversion on 9 March 2023.  
Listing 
In respect of Covered Bonds which are intended to be listed, application will be made to Euronext, or such other 
stock exchange or markets (including regulated markets) as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, for the admission to trading of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme on the regulated market 
of Euronext Lisbon or such other stock exchange or markets (including regulated markets) as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Registration and Settlement 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for registration and settlement through Interbolsa, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Significant or material change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer since 30 June 
2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
There are no, nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such pending 
or threatened proceedings of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus, which may or have had a significant effect on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
Independent Auditors 
The auditor of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 was 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados – Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda., which is a member 
(number 183) of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) and is 
registered with the CMVM under number 20161485, with registered office at Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa 
Martins, no. 1, 3rd, 1069-316 Lisbon, Portugal, and represented by Aurélio Adriano Rangel Amado for the period 
ended 31 December 2020 and José Manuel Henriques Bernardo for the period ended 31 December 2021. 
The financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 are

--- Page 203 ---
203 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. The financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021 were approved by the competent bodies and by the General Meeting of Shareholders 
held on 4 May 2022. 
BST’s consolidated financial statements were prepared on a going concern basis from its books and accounting 
records, which are maintained in accordance with the accounting principles set forth in the International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IAS/IFRS) as adopted by the EU, Regulation (EC) 1606/2002 of 19 July 2002 of the European 
Parliament and the Council, as amended, implemented in Portugal by Decree-Law 35/2005, of 17 February 2005, 
amended by Decree-Law 158/2009, of 13 July 2009 and Regulation 1/2005 of 21 February 2005, as amended.11 
Where BST Group companies use different accounting principles, the appropriate adjustments were made. 
The financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 
were audited in accordance with the generally accepted auditing standards issued by the Institute of Statutory 
Auditors, which require that the examination be planned and performed with the objective of obtaining 
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free of material 
misstatement.  
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection at https://www.santander.pt/pt_PT/Investor-Relations.html: 
(a) 
the bylaws of the Issuer (Portuguese and English versions); 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2021 (English and Portuguese versions), in each case with the audit reports 
prepared in connection therewith;  
(c) 
the unaudited and unreviewed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the half year ended 
30 June 2022 (English and Portuguese versions); 
(d) 
the Set of Agency Procedures, dated 4 April 2008, as amended and restated, from time to time and lastly 
on 9 March 2023; 
(e) 
the Common Representative Appointment Agreement dated 9 December 2020, as amended and 
restated, from time to time and lastly on 9 March 2023; 
(f) 
this Base Prospectus; and 
 
 
 
11 Regulation 1/2005 of 21 February was revoked by Regulation 5/2015 of 30 December 2015, which entered into force on 1 January 2016.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
(g) 
any offering circulars, information memoranda and supplements, including the Final Terms (other than 
the Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are not listed on any stock exchange), to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
In relation to the documents referred to in (a) to (c) above, the Issuer confirms that the corresponding translations 
are true and accurate; however, in case of a discrepancy between the original document and the English 
translation thereof, the original document will prevail. 
Electronic copies 
Electronic copies of this Base Prospectus (and any supplements thereto, and Final Terms pertaining to Covered 
Bonds traded on Euronext Lisbon) and of the documents referred to in item (g) above (other than those referred 
to in item (a)) are available on the official website of the CMVM (www.cmvm.pt) and of the Issuer 
(www.santander.pt). Copies of this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein shall remain 
publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 years after its publication. Copies of the documents referred to 
in items (a) to (g) above may be obtained from the Issuer’s website.  
Validity of base prospectus and base prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is under no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of 
its 12-month validity period.  
Post-issuance information 
Any information which the Issuer is required by law or regulation to provide in relation to itself or securities issued 
by it, including the Covered Bonds, will be made available at www.cmvm.pt.  
The Issuer publishes quarterly investor reports on the outstanding Covered Bonds (Covered Bonds (HTT) – Investor 
Report), including information on the Cover Pool and the applicable Overcollateralisation Percentage. Such reports 
are available at <https://www.santander.pt/institucional/investor-relations/santander-totta-sa/emissao-de-
divida>. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in the ordinary course of 
their business activities, in lending, advisory, corporate finance services, investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the sector in which the Issuer and/or its affiliates 
operate, and for which such Dealers have received or may receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement 
of expenses and indemnification. Certain of the Dealers may also have positions, deals or make markets in the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal 
in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or 
may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions.

--- Page 205 ---
205 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. 
The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations of the Covered Bonds (subject to customary closing 
conditions), which could affect future trading of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default 
swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
DEFINITIONS 
In this Base Prospectus, the following defined terms have the meanings set out below: 
“Acceleration Notice” means a notice served on the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and 
Enforcement). 
“Affiliate Member of Interbolsa” means any authorised financial intermediary entitled to hold control accounts 
with Interbolsa on behalf of their customers and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for the purpose of holding accounts on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
“Agent” means Banco Santander Totta, S.A., in its capacity as Agent, with head office at Rua Áurea, no. 88, 1100-
063 Lisbon, Portugal, or any successor Agent(s), in each case together with any additional Agent(s) appointed from 
time to time by the Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds and under the Set of Agency Procedures. 
“Arranger” means Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and any other entity appointed as an arranger for the Programme 
and references in this Agreement to the Arranger shall be references to the relevant Arranger. 
“Banif” means Banif – Banco Internacional do Funchal, S.A. 
“Bank” means Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
“Base Prospectus” means this base prospectus dated 9 March 2023, as supplemented, prepared in connection 
with the Programme. 
“BPI Group” means Banco BPI, S.A. together with its consolidated subsidiaries. 
“BRRD” means the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 15 May 2014, 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended. 
“BST” means Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
“BST Group” means the Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries. 
“Business Day” means a day which is both: (i) a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency (if other than London and Lisbon and any Additional Business Centre(s)) and which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars shall be Sydney or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on 
which the TARGET2 System is open. 
“CGD” means Caixa Geral de Depósitos, S.A.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
“Calculation Agent” except if and where defined otherwise in this Base Prospectus, has the meaning ascribed to 
it in the Final Terms. 
“Central de Valores Mobiliários” means the Portuguese Centralised System of Registration of Securities.  
“CET1” means Common Equity Tier 1. 
“Clearing System” means Interbolsa. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking S.A. 
“CMVM” means the Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários, the Portuguese Securities Market Commission. 
“Common Representative” means Bondholders, S.L., in its capacity as representative of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to Article 28 of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the terms of the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, having its registered office at 
Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1, 46023 Valencia, Spain. 
“Common Representative Appointment Agreement” means the agreement dated 25 May 2022 entered into 
between the Issuer and the Common Representative and which sets out the terms and conditions upon and 
subject to which the Common Representative has agreed to act as Common Representative, as amended and 
restated on 9 March 2023, and as may be further amended and restated. 
“Cover Pool” means the pool of assets maintained by the Issuer and allocated to the issue of Covered Bonds under 
the Programme, held to the benefit of the holders of Covered Bonds and the Other Preferred Creditors, and 
comprises the Primary Assets, the Substitution Assets and the Liquidity Assets, as specified in the Register. 
“Cover Pool Monitor” means Deloitte & Associados, SROC, SA, member of the Portuguese Institute of Statutory 
Auditors (Ordem dos Revisores Oficiais de Contas) under the number 43, registered with CMVM with registration 
number 20161389, with its registered office at Avenida Engenheiro Duarte Pacheco, no. 7 1070-100 Lisbon, 
Portugal. 
“Cover Pool Monitor Agreement” means the agreement dated 9 March 2023 entered into by and between the 
Issuer and the Cover Pool Monitor, as amended and restated. 
“Covered Bond” means any covered bond issued by the Issuer and subject to the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds 
in the form specified in the applicable Final Terms and “Covered Bonds” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Covered Bonds Law” means the Portuguese legal framework applicable to the issuance of covered bonds, 
enacted by Decree-Law 59/2006, of 20 March 2006, as amended, which has been revoked by Decree-Law 31/2022, 
of 6 May 2022. 
“CRA Regulation” means Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 16 
September 2009, as amended. 
“CRD IV” means the Directive 2013/36/EU, on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
“CRD IV/CRR” means, taken together, the CRD IV and CRR, any future regulation thereto and any implementing 
legislation in Portugal. 
“CRR” means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended including 
by Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds. 
“CSD” means a central securities depository. 
“Current Property Value” means, in relation to a Property securing a Mortgage Credit, the updated Property 
Valuation of such Property. 
“DBRS” means DBRS Ratings GmbH, or any of its affiliates or successor. 
“Dealers” means Banco Santander, S.A., Banco Santander Totta, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA 
Securities Europe SA, Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, Natixis, Société Générale, UBS Europe SE, 
UniCredit Bank AG and any other Dealer(s) appointed from time to time by the Issuer in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement and excludes any entity whose appointment has been terminated pursuant to the 
Programme Agreement. 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but excluding) the next 
Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date 
is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the 
first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
“Directive 2013/36/EU” means Directive no. 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 26 
June 2013, on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC (as 
amended). 
“EBA” means the European Banking Authority. 
“EC” means the European Commission. 
“ECB” means the European Central Bank. 
“EEA” means the European Economic Area. 
“ESMA” means the European Securities and Markets Authority. 
“EU” means the European Union. 
“EU Banking Reforms” means the CRD V Directive, BRRD II, CRR II and the SRM Regulation II. 
“EURIBOR” means the Euro Interbank Offered Rate.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
“EUR”, “€” or “Euro” or “euro” means the lawful currency of Member States of the EU that adopt the currency 
introduced at the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
“Euronext” means Euronext Lisbon – Sociedade Gestora de Mercados Regulamentados, S.A. 
“Euronext Lisbon” means Euronext Lisbon, a regulated market managed by Euronext. 
“Eurosystem” means the central banking system for the euro. 
“Extended Maturity Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms, extending the maturity of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds if the conditions foreseen in Condition 6.7 (Extension of Maturity up to 
Extended Maturity Date) are met. 
“Extension Legal Requirements” means the legal requirements applicable to an extension of maturity of covered 
bonds, as foreseen in article 21(1) and (2) of the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. 
“Final Terms” means the final terms issued in relation to each Tranche of Covered Bonds and giving details of that 
Tranche of Covered Bonds and, in relation to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, applicable Final Terms 
means the Final Terms applicable to that Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, or any of its affiliates or successor. 
“Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
“GDP” means gross domestic product. 
“Hedge Counterparties” means the party or parties that, from time to time, will enter into Hedging Contracts with 
the Issuer in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds (and the relevant terms of article 129 of the 
CRR). 
“Hedging Contracts” means the hedging contracts entered into by the Issuer in accordance with the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds for the purpose of hedging risks in relation to the Cover Pool. 
“IMF” means the International Monetary Fund. 
“INE” means the Statistics Portugal. 
“Insolvency Event” means the winding-up and dissolution of the Issuer under any applicable laws and regulations 
(including under Decree-Law 199/2006, of 25 October 2006, as amended, RGICSF and/or (if applicable) under the 
Code for the Insolvency and Recovery of Companies introduced by Decree-Law 53/2004, of 18 March 2004, as 
amended). 
“Instruction 13/2006” means the regulatory instruction (Instrução) 13/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal and 
published on 15 November 2006, relating to certain information duties applicable in relation to the issue of 
covered bonds, to the extent consistent with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
“Interbolsa” means Interbolsa – Sociedade Gestora de Sistemas de Liquidação e de Sistemas Centralizados de 
Valores Mobiliários, S.A. as operator of the Central de Valores Mobiliários. 
“Interest Amount” means, as applicable, the amount of interest payable on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds in 
respect of each Specified Denomination, calculated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 4 (Interest). 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
“Issue Date” means the date so specified in the applicable Final Terms being, in respect of any Covered Bond, the 
date of issue and purchase of such Covered Bond pursuant to and in accordance with the Programme Agreement 
or any other agreement between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
“Issuer” means Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
“Legal Regime of Covered Bonds” means the Portuguese legal regime applicable to the issuance of covered bonds, 
annexed to Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022 (transposing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public 
supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU), as amended from time to time. 
“Liquidity Assets” means the assets which may compose the Liquidity Buffer in accordance with the Legal Regime 
of Covered Bonds, as described below:  
a) 
Assets qualifying as level 1, level 2A or level 2B assets pursuant to the applicable delegated regulation 
adopted pursuant to article 460 of the CRR, that are valued in accordance with such regulation, and are not 
issued by the issuing credit institution itself, its parent undertaking, unless it is a public sector entity that is 
not a credit institution, its subsidiary or another subsidiary of its parent undertaking or by a securitisation 
special purpose entity with which the credit institution has close links; and 
b) 
Short-term exposures to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1 or 2 (as defined in the CRR), 
or claims, including deposits, that are short-term to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality step 1, 
2 or 3 (as defined in the CRR), in accordance with article 129(1)(c) of the CRR,  
 
provided that any such assets comply with any applicable requirements under paragraph (A) (Eligible Assets) 
of Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants), subject to Condition 14(1)(iii). 
For the avoidance of doubt, and provided that the requirements under b) above are met, the assets under 
b) above can include short term deposits held with the Bank of Portugal or the Issuer, segregated and 
allocated to the Cover Pool as part of the Liquidity Assets.  
“Liquidity Buffer” means the liquidity buffer included in the Cover Pool in accordance with article 19 of the Legal 
Regime of Covered Bonds. 
“Maturity Date” means the maturity date of a Series of Covered Bonds, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Millennium BCP Group” means Banco Comercial Português, S.A. together with its consolidated subsidiaries. 
“Moody’s” means, in relation to the ratings assigned to the Issuer, Moody's Investors Service España, S.A and, in

--- Page 211 ---
211 
relation to the ratings assigned to the Programme, Moody’s Italia S.r.l., or any of its affiliates or successor. 
“Mortgage” means, in respect of any Mortgage Credit, the charge by way of legal mortgage over the relevant 
Property (together with all other encumbrances or guarantees) the benefit of which is vested in the Issuer as 
security for the repayment of that Mortgage Credit. 
“Mortgage Credit” means a loan receivable granted by the Issuer secured by a Mortgage which is registered as 
being comprised in the Cover Pool for the amount and with the characteristics required to be met pursuant to the 
Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that it complies with any applicable requirements under paragraph (A) 
(Eligible Assets) of Condition 14.3 (Issuer Covenants). 
“Net Liquidity Outflows” means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal (if applicable, as 
it will only be considered due for this purposes on the relevant Extended Maturity Date) and interest payments 
under the Covered Bonds and payments under the Hedging Contracts, net of all payment inflows falling due on 
the same day for assets in the Cover Pool. 
“Non-Performing Mortgage Credits” means, with respect to a Mortgage Credit, that such Mortgage Credit: 
(a) 
is in the course of being foreclosed or otherwise enforced; or 
(b) 
has one or more payments of principal or interest payable on the related credit in arrears and those 
payments refer to a period of 90 days or more. 
“Novo Banco Group” means Novo Banco, S.A. together with its consolidated subsidiaries. 
“OECD” means the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. 
“O-SIIs” means Other Systemically Important Institutions identified by the Bank of Portugal pursuant to the 
Framework of Credit Institutions and Financial Companies and within the scope of the exercise of its powers as 
macro-prudential authority. 
“Other Preferred Creditors” means the Hedge Counterparties. 
“Overcollateralisation Percentage” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14.1 (Overcollateralisation). 
“Paying Agent” means Banco Santander Totta, S.A., in its capacity as Paying Agent, with head office at Rua Áurea, 
no. 88, 1100-063 Lisbon, Portugal, or any successor Paying Agent(s), in each case together with any additional 
Paying Agent(s), appointed from time to time by the Issuer in connection with the Covered Bonds and under the 
Set of Agency Procedures. 
“Portuguese Companies Code” means the commercial companies code approved by Decree-Law 262/86, of 2 
September 1986, as amended. 
“Portuguese Resolution Fund” means the Portuguese resolution fund, as created by Decree-Law 31-A/2012, of 
10 February 2012. 
“Portuguese Securities Code” means Decree-Law 486/99, of 13 November 1999, as amended.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
“Primary Assets” means the dominant cover assets that determine the nature of a cover pool of covered bonds, 
under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds. In particular in respect of the Cover Pool, the Primary Assets are 
Mortgage Credits, corresponding to the type of assets foreseen in article 129(1), paragraphs (d) and (f) of the CRR. 
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means, in respect of a Covered Bond, the principal amount of that Covered Bond 
on the relevant Issue Date thereof less principal amounts received by the relevant holder of Covered Bonds in 
respect thereof. 
“Programme” means the EUR 12,500,000,000 covered bonds programme established on 4 April 2008 in 
accordance with the Covered Bonds Law for the issuance of Covered Bonds by the Issuer and as converted on 9 
March 2023 for the issuance of “European Covered Bond (Premium)” in compliance with the Legal Regime of 
Covered Bonds, and as updated from time to time. 
“Programme Agreement” means the agreement dated 4 April 2008 entered into between the Issuer and the 
Dealers, as amended and restated. 
“Programme Documents” means the Base Prospectus, the Programme Agreement, the Set of Agency Procedures, 
the Common Representative Appointment Agreement, the Cover Pool Monitor Agreement and any other 
agreement or document entered into from time to time by the Issuer pursuant thereto and in relation to the 
Programme. 
“Programme Resolution” means any Resolution directing the Common Representative to accelerate the Covered 
Bonds pursuant to Condition 9 (Insolvency Event and Enforcement) or directing the Common Representative to 
take any enforcement action and which shall only be capable of being passed at a single meeting of the holders 
of Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding. 
“Property” means, in relation to any Mortgage Credit, the property upon which the repayment of such Mortgage 
Credit is secured by the corresponding Mortgage and “Properties” means all of them. 
“Property Valuation” means, in relation to any Property the amount determined as such Property’s market value 
(which means, in accordance with point (76) of article 4(1) of the CRR, the estimated amount for which the 
Property should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm's-length 
transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably, prudently and without 
compulsion), in accordance with the most recent independent valuation of such Property, at the time or after the 
relevant Mortgage Credit was originated, in accordance with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, article 208 of 
the CRR and, except where conflicting, Regulatory Notice 5/2006, provided that, in accordance with the foregoing, 
the Issuer may use statistical methods to monitor the value of the Property and identify if it needs revaluation. 
“Prospectus Delegated Regulations” means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) no. 2019/980 of 14 March 
2019, supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the 
format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public 
or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004, as 
amended, together with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 of 14 March 2019 supplementing

--- Page 213 ---
213 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to regulatory technical 
standards on key financial information in the summary of a prospectus, the publication and classification of 
prospectuses, advertisements for securities, supplements to a prospectus, and the notification portal, and 
repealing Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 382/2014 and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/301. 
“Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 
June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on 
a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended. 
“Rating” means the then current rating of rated Covered Bonds given by the relevant Rating Agency and “Ratings” 
means all of such Ratings. 
“Rating Agencies” means DBRS, Fitch and Moody’s, which are established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation and are, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
“recast DGSD” means Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 16 April 2016, on 
guarantee schemes. 
“Reference Banks” means those banks whose offered rates were used to determine such quotation when such 
quotation last appeared on the Relevant Screen Page or, if applicable, those banks whose offered quotations last 
appeared on the Relevant Screen Page when no fewer than three such offered quotations appeared. 
“Register” means the register of the Cover Pool and associated collateral maintained by the Issuer in accordance 
with the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds and the Regulatory Notices. 
“Regulation (EU) 575/2013” means Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council, 
of 26 June 2013, on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as may be amended 
from time to time. 
“Regulatory Notice 5/2006” means the regulatory notice (Aviso) 5/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal under the 
Covered Bonds Law and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the valuation of real estate assets serving as 
security for mortgage credits comprised in cover pools allocated to the issue of covered bonds. 
“Regulatory Notice 6/2006” means the regulatory notice (Aviso) 6/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal under the 
Covered Bonds Law and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the prudential limits applicable in relation to 
the issue of covered bonds. 
“Regulatory Notice 8/2006” means the regulatory notice (Aviso) 8/2006 issued by the Bank of Portugal under the 
Covered Bonds Law and published on 11 October 2006, relating to the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of a 
credit institution which has issued covered bonds. 
“Regulatory Notices” means the secondary legislation passed by the Bank of Portugal under the Covered Bonds 
Law, namely Regulatory Notice 5/2006, Regulatory Notice 6/2006, Instruction 13/2006, Regulatory Notice 8/2006,

--- Page 214 ---
214 
to the extent it remains applicable in accordance with article 7(9) of Decree-Law 31/2022, of 6 May 2022, and any 
relevant regulations or instructions that may be issued by CMVM, including to replace any such Bank of Portugal 
secondary legislation in the future. 
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the US Securities Act. 
“Relevant Date” means the date on which a payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the 
moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on 
which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the holders 
of Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
“Relevant Screen Page” has the meaning ascribed to it in the Final Terms. 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal: (i) to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect 
of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (ii) to reduce the amount of principal or interest due on any date 
in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series on redemption or maturity; (iii) to effect the 
exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series into shares, bonds or other 
obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person or body corporate formed or to be formed; (iv) to change 
the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series are payable; (v) to 
alter the priority of payment of interest or principal in respect of the Covered Bonds of all or of a given Series; (vi) 
to amend this definition; and (vii) any other matter required by law to be approved by the majorities set out in 
Condition 12(C)(ii) of the Terms and Conditions. 
“Resolution” means a resolution adopted at a duly convened meeting of holders of Covered Bonds and approved 
in accordance with the applicable provisions. 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, which is established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation and is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation, or any of its affiliates or successor. 
“Series” means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Covered Bonds 
which are: (i) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series; and (ii) identical in all respects (including as 
to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, interest rates and/or Issue 
Prices. 
“Set of Agency Procedures” means the set of agency procedures dated 4 April 2008 (as amended and restated) 
and made and agreed by Banco Santander Totta, S.A., in its capacity as Agent, Paying Agent and Issuer and agreed 
to by any subsequent agent, paying agent, transfer agent and/or agent bank appointed by the Issuer. 
“Single Resolution Board” means resolution authority within the Banking Union established by the SRM 
Regulation. 
“Single Resolution Mechanism” means the central institution for bank resolution in the EU, which is the second

--- Page 215 ---
215 
pillar of the banking union and which applies to banks covered by the Single Supervisory Mechanism. 
“SRM Regulation” means Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014, of 15 July 2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund 
and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by SRM 
Regulation II). 
“SRM Regulation II” means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms. 
“Stabilisation Manager” means the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation manager(s) for a particular 
Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
“Stock Exchange” means Euronext Lisbon or any other stock exchange where Covered Bonds may be listed as per 
the relevant Final Terms and references in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Stock Exchange shall, in relation 
to any Covered Bonds, be references to the stock exchange or stock exchanges on which such Covered Bonds are 
from time to time, or are intended to be, listed. 
"Substitution Assets" means the cover assets that contribute to the coverage requirements in relation to covered 
bonds other than Primary Assets, under the Legal Regime of Covered Bonds, provided that they comply with the 
relevant requirements foreseen in article 129 of the CRR. 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or, as the case may be, the Issuer determines is a 
successor to, or replacement of, the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
“TARGET2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer Payment 
System which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007 (TARGET2) or any 
successor or replacement for that system. 
“Tax” shall be construed so as to include any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction or 
withholding of any nature whatsoever (including any penalty or interest payable in connection with any failure to 
pay or any delay in paying any of the same) imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Authority and “Taxes”, 
“taxation”, “taxable” and comparable expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
“Tax Authority” means any government, state, municipal, local, federal or other fiscal, revenue, customs or excise 
authority, body or official anywhere in the world exercising a fiscal, revenue, customs or excise function, including 
the Irish Revenue Commissioners and H.M. Revenue and Customs. 
“Tax Deduction” means any deduction or withholding on account of Tax.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
“Terms and Conditions” means in relation to the Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions applicable to the 
Covered Bonds and any reference to a particular numbered Condition shall be construed in relation to the Covered 
Bonds accordingly. 
“Tranche” means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
“Treaty” means the treaty on the Functioning of the EU, as amended. 
“US” means the United States of America. 
“US Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
“U.S.$”, “USD” or “U.S. dollars” means United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
Rua Áurea, no. 88 
1100-063 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
ARRANGER 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, D02 RF29 
Ireland 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR 
Deloitte & Associados, SROC, SA  
Avenida Engenheiro Duarte Pacheco, no. 7  
1070-100 Lisboa 
Portugal 
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander  
Edificio Encinar, Avenida de Cantabria s/n  
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
Rua do Ouro, 88 
1100-060 Lisboa 
Portugal 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, D02 RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A.  
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12, 60325 
Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main  
Germany

--- Page 218 ---
218 
Natixis 
7 promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
COMMON REPRESENTATIVE 
Bondholders, S.L. 
Avenida de Francia, 17, A, 1 
46023 Valencia  
Spain 
 
AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Banco Santander Totta, S.A. 
Rua da Mesquita, 6-B4D 
1070-238 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
AUDITORS 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers & Associados –  
Sociedade de Revisores Oficiais de Contas, Lda. 
Palácio SottoMayor, Rua Sousa Martins, no. 1, 3rd, 
1069-316 Lisbon, 
Portugal 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
Vieira de Almeida & Associados, 
Sociedade de Advogados S.P. R.L. 
Rua Dom Luís I, 28 
1200-151 Lisbon 
Portugal 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGER AND THE DEALERS 
as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom