--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
BANCA POPOLARE DI SONDRIO S.p.A. 
(incorporated as joint stock company in the Republic of Italy) 
 
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. 
(the Issuer or BPS) may from time to time issue notes governed by Italian law in dematerialised form 
(the Notes) and denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
defined below). 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under 
"OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME" and any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from 
time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a 
specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) to the 
relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more 
than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of 
these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
CSSF), as competent authority in Luxembourg under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the 
Prospectus Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by 
the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and 
have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date of approval in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does 
not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The validity of this Base Prospectus ends 
upon expiration on 20 December 2025. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA 
other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved 
nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under the 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined 
above) be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Exempt 
Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, 
the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set 
out in a pricing supplement document (the Pricing Supplement).  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading and/or quotation, as the case 
may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on 
any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.  
The Issuer has been rated: (i) “BBB-” (long-term issuer default rating) and “F3” (short-term issuer 
default rating) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited – Sede Secondaria Italiana (Fitch); (ii) “BBB” (long-
term issuer rating) and “R-2 (high)” (short-term issuer rating) by DBRS Ratings GmbH (Morningstar 
DBRS); (iii) “BBB” by Scope Rating GmbH (Scope) and (iv) “BBB-” (long-term Issuer credit rating) 
and “A-3” (short-term issuer credit rating) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P). 
Each of Fitch, Morningstar DBRS, Scope and S&P is established in the EEA and is registered under 
the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, each of Fitch, 
Morningstar DBRS, Scope and S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(ESMA) 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registeredand-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. 
Each of Fitch, Morningstar DBRS, Scope and S&P is not established in the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, the Issuer ratings issued by each of Fitch, Morningstar DBRS, Scope and S&P have been 
endorsed by, respectively, Fitch Ratings Limited, DBRS Ratings Limited, Scope Ratings UK Limited 
and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance with the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (UK CRA Regulation). 
As such, the ratings issued by each of Fitch, Morningstar DBRS, Scope and S&P may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
The Programme has not been rated. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by one 
or more of the rating agencies. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same 
as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be (1) treated as having been issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued 
or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has 
not been withdrawn or suspended) (or is endorsed and published or distributed by subscription by such 
a credit rating agency in accordance with the CRA Regulation) unless (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the European Union but endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which 
is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. ESMA is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit 
rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes and/or Reset Notes (where relevant) may be calculated by 
reference to the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute, as administrator of EURIBOR, 
is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011, as amended (the EU Benchmarks Regulation).  
 
Arrangers and Dealers 
 
J.P. Morgan 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 20 December 2024.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes 
issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When 
used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended and UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA). The Issuer 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer 
(having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplements hereto and with all 
documents which are incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents incorporated by reference”). 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are 
incorporated by reference and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
incorporated by reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF.  
The Dealers (as defined below) have not independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or by any other member of their group 
(including parent companies) as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. No Dealer or by any other member of their group (including 
parent companies) accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in 
connection with the Programme. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds – None of the Arrangers, 
Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility for any environmental or 
sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or gives any assurance as to whether such Notes 
will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "social", 
"sustainable" or similar labels. None of the Arranger, Dealers, nor any of their respective 
affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Framework 
Agreement or the Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects and Eligible Sustainable  
Projects, any verification of whether the Eligible Green  Projects, Eligible Social Projects and 
Eligible Sustainable Projects meet any eligibility criteria set out in the Framework Agreement 
nor are they responsible for the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) for any Notes issued 
as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use 
of proceeds or the allocation of the proceeds to particular Eligible Green  Projects, Eligible Social 
Projects and Eligible Sustainable Projects. The Green, Social and Framework, the Second Party 
Opinion and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of 
proceeds 
will 
be 
available 
under 
section 
“EMTN 
Programme” 
on 
its 
website 
(https://istituzionale.popso.it/en/investor-relations/financial-operations) - but, for the avoidance 
of doubt, will not be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. None of the Arrangers, 
Dealers, nor any of their respective affiliates make any representation as to the suitability or 
content of such materials. 
Third Party Information – Certain information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
regarding markets and market share of the Issuer or the BPS Group are either derived from, or 
are based on, internal data or publicly available data from external sources. In respect of 
information in this Base Prospectus that has been extracted from a third party, the Issuer 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by third parties, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Although the Issuer 
believes that the external sources used are reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified the 
information provided by such sources. No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give 
any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer any of the 
Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or 
(b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or by any other 
member of their group (including parent companies) that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by 
or on behalf of the Issuer any of the Dealers or by any other member of their group (including 
parent companies) to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at 
any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of 
the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the 
Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, MiFID II) or; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
(UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.  
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B(1)(c) OF THE SECURITIES 
AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF SINGAPORE – With respect to each issuance of Notes, the Issuer 
may make a determination about the classification of such Notes (or beneficial interests therein) for 
purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (as amended or 
modified from time to time, the SFA). The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
titled "Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore" that 
will state the product classification of the applicable Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
therein) pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, all Notes (or beneficial interests therein) shall be "prescribed capital markets products" (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). This notification or any such legend included in the applicable Final Terms will constitute 
notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 
45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted 
clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains 
a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser 
within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The 
purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the 
government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting 
Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 
33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of 
any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Italy, France and Belgium), the 
United Kingdom, Singapore, Switzerland and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale". 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has 
been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years 
ended, respectively, 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and from the unaudited consolidated 
interim financial statements of the Issuer for the six months ended 30 June 2024 (together, the Financial 
Statements). 
The Issuer’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended 31 December of such year. The Financial Statements have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board as adopted by the European Union (IFRS). 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will 
have the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this 
Base Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings 
defined below:  
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
• 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; 
• 
Euro, euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended; and 
• 
billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary 
slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a 
law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.  
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may 
affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. 
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) 
Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the form 
of Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................ 11 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 20 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE........................................................................ 54 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................... 59 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................. 60 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT ........................................................................................... 78 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................. 95 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 143 
THE ISSUER ...................................................................................................................................... 145 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 175 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 184 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 190

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the form of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other 
than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, in the case of Notes 
other than Exempt Notes, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus, will be published.  
 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall 
have the same meanings in this Overview. 
 
Issuer: 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
J48C8PCSJVUBR8KCW529 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme and risks 
relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these are set out under "Risk 
Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers: 
J.P. Morgan SE  
 
Société Générale 
Dealers: 
J. P. Morgan SE  
Société Générale 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions 
or reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time 
to time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have 
a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Paying Agent: 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. The Issuer is entitled to 
appoint a different Paying Agent in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Agents). 
Programme Size: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount 
of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
notes may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars 
and any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives and/or requirements applicable from time to time 
to the issue of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes must have a minimum maturity of not less than 
twelve months. 
Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives and/or requirements applicable from time to time 
to the issue of Subordinated Notes, Subordinated Notes 
must have a minimum maturity of 5 years. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form and in 
dematerialised form, as described in "Form of the Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes may also include an interest step-up 
provision whereby the Rate of Interest payable increases at 
pre-determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per 
annum as indicated in the form of Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
 
Fixed Rate Notes may also include an interest step-down 
provision whereby the Rate of Interest payable decreases at 
pre-determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per 
annum as indicated in the form of Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest 
at the initial fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be 
reset on one or more date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms by reference to a mid-market swap rate, as adjusted 
for any applicable margin, in each case, as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the form of Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each 
Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also include an interest step-up 
provision whereby the Margin payable increases at pre-
determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per 
annum as indicated in the form of Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also include an interest step-down 
provision whereby the Margin payable decreases at pre-
determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per 
annum as indicated in the form of Final Terms (or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement).

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked 
Notes, Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes 
redeemable in one or more instalments.  
 
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of 
Index Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of 
Index Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference 
to such index and/or formula or to changes in the prices of 
securities or commodities or to such other factors as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of 
principal or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) 
in respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such 
currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of 
which the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such 
amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree. 
 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue 
Notes which may be redeemed in separate instalments in 
such amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes 
may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event the relevant 
provisions will be included in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The form of Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that 
the relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than in the case of Exempt Notes in specified 
instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or (in the case of 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes only) at the 
option of the Issuer due to a MREL Disqualification Event, 
as described in Condition 5.6 (Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event) and/or (in case of Subordinated 
Notes only) at the option of the Issuer for regulatory 
reasons, as described in Condition 5.3 (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) and Condition 5.7 
(Clean-Up Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and/or at 
the option of the Noteholders upon giving notice to the 
Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price or 
prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  
 
Other than following an Event of Default, any redemption 
of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes or 
Subordinated Notes prior to their stated maturity in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(including early redemption for taxation reasons or early 
redemption for regulatory reasons) will be subject to the 
provisions of, respectively, Condition 5.14 (Conditions to 
Early Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) and Condition 5.15 (Conditions to 
Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject 
to restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see 
"Certain Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year" above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the form of Final Terms (Specified 
Denomination) save that (i) the minimum Specified 
Denomination of each Note which is specified in the form 
of Final Terms as being a Senior Note shall be Euro 100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue 
of the relevant Notes) and (ii) the minimum Specified 
Denomination of each Note which is specified in the form 
of Final Terms as being a Non-Preferred Senior Note shall 
be Euro 150,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as 
at the date of issue of the relevant Notes); and (iii) the 
minimum Specified Denomination of each Note which is 
specified in the form of Final Terms as being a Subordinated 
Note shall be Euro 200,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
by any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 6 
(Taxation). In the event that any such deduction is made, the 
Issuer will, save in certain limited circumstances provided 
in Condition 6 (Taxation), be required to pay additional 
amounts, in respect of principal and interest in the case of 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes (if permitted 
by MREL Requirements), or interest only in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Status of the Notes:  
Notes may be issued by BPS on a subordinated basis (as 
Subordinated Notes) or unsubordinated basis (as Senior

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes), as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Status of the Senior Notes: 
The Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than obligations ranking 
junior to the Senior Notes from time to time (including Non-
Preferred Senior Notes and any further obligations 
permitted by law to rank, or expressed to rank, junior to the 
Senior Notes, on or following the Issue Date), if any) of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding, as described in 
Condition 2.1 (Status of the Senior Notes). 
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes: 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes (being Notes intended to 
qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended from time to time (the Italian Consolidated 
Banking 
Act)) 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated, 
and 
unsecured 
and 
non-preferred 
obligations of the Issuer, ranking junior to Senior Notes and 
any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank in their terms, 
senior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, pari passu 
without any preference among themselves, with all other 
present or future obligations of the Issuer which do not rank 
or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior 
to the relevant Non-Preferred Senior Notes and in priority 
to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of 
shareholders of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-
bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act, as 
described in Condition 2.2 (Status of the Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes). 
Status of the Subordinated Notes: 
Subject as set out below, the Subordinated Notes (being 
notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital for regulatory 
capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the 
Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza Prudenziale per le 
Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 
December 2013, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time (the Bank of Italy Regulations), including any 
successor regulations, and Article 63 of the Regulation No. 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended from time to 
time 
(the 
CRR)) 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
subordinated unsecured obligations of the Issuer and, 
(subject to Condition 2.3 (Status of the Subordinated 
Notes)), rank (a) after all unsubordinated, unsecured 
creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Notes 
and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer and after all

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
creditors of the Issuer holding instruments that are or are 
expressed by their terms to be less subordinated than the 
relevant Subordinated Notes; (b) at least pari passu without 
any preference among themselves with all other present and 
future subordinated obligations of the Issuer, that are not 
expressed by their terms to rank or which do not rank junior 
or senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes, save for those 
preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law; 
and (c) in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer 
and to all other present and future subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer which rank or are expressed by their terms to 
rank junior to the relevant Subordinated Notes.  
In the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series do not 
qualify or cease to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in 
the form of Tier 2 capital, such Subordinated Notes and any 
relative Receipts and Coupons shall rank subordinated and 
junior to unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including 
depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes) of the Issuer, pari passu among themselves 
and with the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any other 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify or have 
ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items 
(elementi di fondi propri) and with all other present and 
future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not 
rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank 
junior or senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes (which 
do not qualify or have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, 
as own funds in the form of Tier 2 capital) and senior to 
instruments which qualify (in whole or in part) as own fund 
items (elementi di fondi propri), as described in Condition 
2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes). 
Variation: 
With respect to (i) any Series of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, if at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs, and if Variation is specified 
as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, or (ii) any 
Series of Subordinated Notes, if at any time a Regulatory 
Event occurs, and if Variation is specified as being 
applicable in the form of Final Terms, or (iii) all Notes, if at 
any time a Tax Event or an Alignment Event occurs, and if 
Variation is specified as being applicable in the form of 
Final Terms, or (iv) all Notes, if Variation is specified as 
being applicable in the form of Final Terms, in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 
(Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), then the Issuer may, 
subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving any consent required from, the Competent 
Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of the relevant Notes of that Series) 
and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days'

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
notice (or such other notice periods as may be specified in 
the form of Final Terms) to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent 
and the holders of the Notes of that Series, at any time vary 
the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes, Qualifying 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes, as applicable, provided that Qualifying Senior Notes, 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes, as applicable, shall not, immediately 
following such variation, be subject to a MREL 
Disqualification Event, a Regulatory Event and/or a Tax 
Event, as applicable. 
Rating: 
The Programme has not been rated. Notes issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the form of 
Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes). A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus. Application has also been 
made for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated 
market and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the 
Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading 
on any market may also be issued. 
 
The form of Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
See Condition 13 (Governing Law and Submission to 
Jurisdiction).  
Benchmark discontinuation:  
 
 
 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 3.3 (Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes) or Condition 3.2 (Interest on Reset 
Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 3.4(b) (Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment 
Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 3.4(c) 
(Adjustment Spread)) and whether any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3.4(d) 
(Benchmark Amendments)) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (all as defined in the Conditions). 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Italy, France 
and Belgium), the United Kingdom, Japan, Singapore, 
Switzerland and such other restrictions as may be required 
in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale").  
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the form of Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes shall be distributed to qualified 
investors only in accordance with Law No. 205 of 27 
December 2017 on the budget of the Italian government for 
2018.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors, including 
those set out below, which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make 
all payments due. The inability of the Issuers to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons outside the Issuer's control which may not be 
considered significant by the Issuer based on information currently available to them or which they 
may not currently be able to anticipate. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of 
factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position, business activity and industry 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position, business activity and industry  
Risks related to the European sovereign debt crisis 
The continued deterioration of the creditworthiness of various countries, together with the potential for 
contagion to spread to other countries in Europe, has exacerbated the severity of the global financial 
crisis. Such developments have posed a significant risk to the stability and status quo of the Economic 
and Monetary Union (EMU) and have raised concerns about its long-term sustainability. Furthermore, 
the ECB’s unconventional monetary policy tools have contributed to ease market tensions, limiting the 
refinancing risk for the banking system and leading to a tightening of credit spreads of sovereign risk. 
Moreover, the earning capacity and stability of the Issuer are affected by the general state of the 
economy, the dynamics of financial markets and, in particular, the strength and growth prospects of the 
economy in Italy (and the creditworthiness of its sovereign debt), as well as that of the Eurozone as a 
whole. In addition, the risk remains that a default of one or more countries in the Eurozone, the extent 
and precise nature of which is impossible to predict, could lead to the expulsion or voluntary withdrawal 
of one or more countries from the Eurozone or a disorderly break-up of the Eurozone, either of which 
could significantly disrupt financial markets and possibly trigger another global recession. 
Indeed, the performance of the BPS Group is influenced by the general economic situation, both 
nationally and in the euro area as a whole, and by the dynamics of the financial markets and, in 
particular, by the solidity and growth prospects of the economy in the geographical areas in which the 
BPS Group operates. In particular, the profitability and solvency of the BPS Group are influenced by 
the performance of factors such as investor expectations and confidence, the level and volatility of short 
and long-term interest rates, exchange rates, the liquidity of financial markets, the availability and cost 
of capital, the sustainability of sovereign debt, household income and consumer spending, 
unemployment levels, inflation and house prices.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Adverse changes in these factors, particularly in periods of economic and financial crisis, could lead to 
the BPS Group suffering losses, increases in funding costs and reductions in the value of assets held, 
with a potential negative impact on the BPS Group. 
Liquidity risk 
The Issuer’s business is subject to risks concerning liquidity which are inherent in its banking operations 
and could affect the Issuer’s ability to meet payment commitments or cause an incapacity to finance 
assets with the necessary punctuality on a cost/effective basis. In order to ensure that the Issuer 
continues to meet its funding obligations and to generally maintain or grow its business, it relies on 
customer savings and transmission balances, as well as ongoing access to the wholesale lending 
markets. The ability of the Issuer to access wholesale and retail funding sources on favourable economic 
terms is dependent on a wide range of factors, including issues out of its control, such as liquidity 
constraints, general market conditions and confidence in the Italian banking system. 
In recent years, global financial systems have been subject to considerable turmoil and uncertainty and, 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the short and medium term outlook for the global economy 
remains uncertain.  
The banking turmoil experienced in 2023 and the relevant liquidity-related issues have led to the most 
severe examination of the banking system's capacity to absorb sudden significant changes in the funding 
and liquidity environment, like distressed outflow rates, and have had an impact on the wider economy. 
Individual institutions have faced varying degrees of stress. Should the BPS Group be unable to 
continue to source a sustainable funding profile which can absorb these sudden shocks, the BPS Group's 
ability to fund its financial obligations at a competitive cost, or at all, could be adversely affected. 
Furthermore, in some of the Issuer's businesses, protracted adverse market movements, particularly the 
decline of asset prices, can reduce market activity and market liquidity and can lead to material losses 
if the Issuer cannot close out deteriorating positions in a timely way; this may especially be the case for 
assets that do not benefit from a liquid market. The value of assets that are not traded on stock exchanges 
or other public trading markets, such as derivatives contracts between banks, may be calculated by the 
Issuer using models other than publicly quoted prices. Monitoring the deterioration of the prices of 
assets like these is difficult and any failure to do so effectively could lead to unanticipated losses. This 
in turn could adversely affect the Issuer's operating results and financial condition. In addition, 
protracted or steep declines in the stock or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere may adversely affect 
the Issuer's securities trading activities and its asset management services, as well as its investments in 
and sales of products linked to the performance of financial assets. 
BPS relies on internal systems in order to monitor, control and mitigate liquidity risk; the management 
process aims at verifying BPS Group’s ability to meet ordinary and extraordinary payment obligations 
and minimize the associated expenses. In detail, the Issuer: 
• 
uses specific monitoring tools in order to assess short-term liquidity (between overnight and 12 
months) and structural liquidity (medium- to long-term); 
• 
calculates early warning indicators and contingency indicators and compares the liquidity 
positions measured (both short-term and structural) with the relevant thresholds ; and 
• 
estimates the impact of different hypothetical scenarios (stress tests, sensitivity analysis) on the 
liquidity position resulting from ordinary monitoring activities. 
The Issuer believes that the policies adopted and the controls implemented by the BPS Group are 
adequate to keep liquidity risk under control. However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it cannot

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
be ruled out that unknown and unexpected events might occur which could negatively affect the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its financial obligations as they fall due or to fulfil its commitments to lend. 
Risks associated with the Issuer's rating 
The risk associated with the ability of an issuer to meet its obligations, generated by the issue of debt 
instruments and money market instruments, is defined by reference to credit ratings assigned by 
independent rating agencies. A rating may be suspended, lowered or withdrawn at any time by the rating 
agency by which it has been assigned. Suspension, lowering or withdrawal of an assigned rating can 
negatively affect the market price of the bonds issued. 
The current long-term counterparty credit ratings of the Issuer are, respectively, “BBB-” from Fitch 
“BBB” from Morningstar DBRS, “BBB” from Scope and “BBB-” from S&P; the current short-term 
counterparty credit ratings are, respectively, “F3” from Fitch, “R-2 (high)” from Morningstar DBRS 
and “A-3” from S&P. Each of such rating agencies is established in the European Union and is 
registered under the CRA Regulation as set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the website of the ESMA pursuant to the CRA 
Regulation (for more information please visit the ESMA webpage) on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs). A downgrade of any of the 
Issuer’s ratings would result in higher funding and refinancing costs for the Issuer in the capital markets. 
Such downgrade may also affect or effectively limit access to the capital markets, because investing in 
the Issuer will in such case likely be considered less attractive (also because of the Issuer's possible 
reputational damage) and/or will no longer be allowed for certain investors. In addition, a downgrade 
of any of the Issuer’s ratings may limit the Issuer’s opportunities to extend mortgage loans and may 
have a particularly adverse effect on the Issuer’s image as a participant in the capital markets, as well 
as among its clients. A rating downgrade might restrict the availability of funding or increase its cost 
for individuals and companies at a local level. 
These factors may also have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and/or results of 
operations and, as a consequence, on the rating assigned to the Notes. 
Credit and counterparty risks 
Credit and counterparty risks are associated with the event that the financial soundness and outlook of 
the Issuer or of the BPS Group deteriorate due to the risk of losses resulting from any inability or refusal 
by customers (including Sovereign States) to meet their contractual obligations, relating to lending, 
commitments, letters of credit, derivatives instruments, foreign currency transactions and other 
transactions. 
Even though lending is the core business of the BPS Group, it is performed with the objective to achieve 
a controlled growth of lending throughout the country by means of a risk-taking strategy focused on the 
most attractive geographic areas, customer segments and sectors of economic activity.  
This strategy consists of identifying risk ceilings that can be taken with lending (sector and individual 
concentration risk limits, etc.) and ensuring that they are consistent with the BPS Group’s budget targets 
and business plan. Improvement of credit quality is pursued by means of constant monitoring of the 
loan portfolio and assessing compliance with the risk strategy agreed on, with a focus on major risk 
exposures. 
A decrease in the creditworthiness of third parties, could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer due 
to difficulty in obtaining liquidity and/or could have an adverse impact on the results of the Issuer’s 
operations. 
Risks related to quality of loans

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
Credit quality in the Italian market is affected by the continuing weakness of the economy. Moreover, 
the macroeconomic framework appears to be characterised by high geopolitical instability with 
particular reference to Eastern Europe, the Middle East and the escalating Chinese-Taiwanese tension 
with repercussions on economic growth, also conditioned by high inflation and a restrictive monetary 
policy. These circumstances could therefore potentially lead to greater difficulty for customers to 
honour their debts with repercussions both on the cost of credit and on the growth of NPLs. An increase 
in the cost of credit could lead to a significant worsening of the profitability and the investment 
capabilities of the Issuer and the BPS Group. Furthermore, following any such growth of NPLs, it might 
be necessary to make greater use of sales of impaired loans to reduce their impact, but with strong 
uncertainty regarding realisation prices.  
The Issuer, in line with the market practice, has taken significant measures to dispose of its non-
performing loans, which is an important element of its Strategic Plan (as defined below). 
However, numerous other banks may seek to dispose of these assets, which may result in excess supply 
and downward price pressure.  
The Issuer may, therefore, find it difficult to identify buyers for non-performing loans or only find 
buyers willing to buy at low prices, which may result in adverse consequences for the Issuer's financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Interest rate risk  
The interest rate risk consists of the possibility of incurring losses due to reductions in the value of 
assets and/or increases in the value of liabilities caused by adverse changes in interest rates on positions 
not included in the trading portfolio. The methodology used by BPS for the analysis of the BPS Group’s 
sensitivity to interest rate risk comprises application of the internal models for strategic Asset & 
Liability Management (ALM). These analyses are also complemented by the measurements of an 
internal model for the daily calculation of Value at Risk (VaR) on debt instruments of the banking and 
trading portfolios which are exposed to market risks. 
The internal processes for control and management of the interest rate risks associated with an adverse 
change in the fair value of assets and liabilities or a negative impact on the interest margin are based on 
a monthly (for ALM indicators) and daily (for Market VaR estimates) monitoring of the BPS Group’s 
risk exposure, supported by a system of quantitative limits, thresholds and alerts that globally reflect 
the risk appetite of the BPS Group and its main components.  
The main sources of interest rate risk from fair value consist of deposit/fundraising transactions 
(particularly, debt securities and sight deposits statistically modelled) and fixed-rate lending/investment 
transactions (mainly loans and debt securities); the interest rate risk from cash flow is originated by the 
sight and indexed rate assets and liabilities which reprice in the time horizon or short-term fixed rate 
operations which are renewed. 
The possibility of movements in interest rates may have negative impacts on the present and future 
profitability arising from assets and liabilities generating interest margin in the BPS Group’s balance 
sheet. 
Risks related to the Strategic Plan 
On 28 June 2022, the Board of Directors of BPS approved the BPS Group’s 2022-2025 Strategic goals 
and projections (the Strategic Plan) and denominated “Next Step”. 
The Strategic Plan contains objectives to be met (the Plan Objectives or the Projected Data) based on 
assumptions of both a general nature and a discretionary nature linked to the impact of specific

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
operational and organisational actions that BPS intends to take during the period of time covered by the 
Strategic Plan. 
The failure or partial occurrence of the assumed events or of the positive expected resulting effects 
could lead to potentially significant deviations from the forecasts in the Projected Data or hinder 
meeting them with consequent significant negative effects on the assets and the operations, balance 
sheets and/or income statement of BPS, and/or BPS Group. 
Furthermore, the Bank may anticipate the revision of the Strategic Plan in the coming year (2025); for 
further information, please make reference to the release “Board of Directors of 5 November 2024: 
consolidated Interim Management Statements as at 30 September 2024 approved” published on 5 
November 2024 and incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Competition 
In recent years, the Italian banking sector has been characterised by ever-increasing competition which, 
together with the low level of interest rates, has caused a sharp reduction in the difference between 
borrowing and lending rates and subsequent difficulties in maintaining a positive growth trend in 
interest rate margins. In particular, such competition has had two main effects: 
(i) 
a progressive reduction in the differential between lending and borrower interest rates, which 
may result in the BPS Group facing difficulties in maintaining its actual rate of growth in interest 
rate margins; and 
(ii) 
a progressive reduction in commissions and fees, particularly from dealing on behalf of third 
parties and orders’ collection, due to competition in prices. 
In particular, the banking sector in Italy, as well as in Europe, is experiencing a consolidation phase 
featuring a high degree of competition due to the following factors: (i) the introduction of EU directives 
aimed at liberalising the European Union banking sector; (ii) the deregulation of the banking sector and 
the connected development of “shadow banking” throughout the European Union, and specifically in 
Italy, which has encouraged competition in the traditional banking sector with the effect of 
progressively reducing the spread between lending and borrowing rates; (iii) the behaviour of 
competitors (also following the changes introduced by Law No. 33 of 24 March 2015, which converted 
Decree 3/2015 regarding “cooperative banks” and the aggregative processes which followed or 
which could follow); (iv) consumer demand; (v) the profits of the Italian banking industry focused on 
revenues from fees, which lead to increased competition in the asset management and investment 
banking services fields; (vi) the change in several Italian tax and banking laws; (vii) the advance of 
services with a strong element of technological innovation, such as internet banking and mobile 
banking; and (viii) the influx of new competitors, and other factors not necessarily under the BPS 
Group’s control.  
All the above factors may adversely affect the BPS Group’s financial condition and resulting operations. 
In addition, downturns in the Italian economy could add to the competitive pressure through, for 
example, increased price pressure and lower business volumes for which to compete. 
The Issuer may be unable to maintain capital adequacy requirements 
The rules on capital adequacy for banks define the prudential minimum capital requirements, the quality 
of capital resources, and risk mitigation instruments. Such rules are complex and evolve regularly. In 
addition, the European Central Bank (ECB), as well as the Bank of Italy, can and do impose on the 
Group, as permitted by such rules, additional requirements with respect to its capital, which may restrict 
the Group’s operational flexibility and may, should it fail to meet such requirements, require the Group 
to adopt additional measures imposed by the ECB or other regulators. Capital adequacy requirements

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
include – in addition to the capital ratios and buffer provided by the CRR – also the following main 
requirements: (a) the requirement to maintain a Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities (MREL), expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution, 
in view of facilitating a smooth resolution of the bank, in the event of a resolution decision; and (b) a 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), aimed at ensuring the ongoing ability of the bank to meet its short-
term obligations. Since June 2021, the banks will also have to meet a binding leverage ratio of 3 per 
cent, which is aimed at preventing banks from excessively increasing their leverage levels, and a binding 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), designed to ensure that banks finance their long-term activities with 
stable sources of funding in order to increase banks' resilience to funding constraints. 
On 13 July 2022, the Bank of Italy issued the 39th amendment to Circular No. 285 introducing – inter 
alia – a clear differentiation between components of ‘Pillar 2 Requirements’ estimated from an ordinary 
perspective and the ‘Pillar 2 Guidance’ determined from a stressed perspective which supervisory 
authorities may require banks to hold. The possibility for supervisory authorities to require additional 
capital in the presence of excessive leverage risk, under both ordinary and stressed conditions (‘Pillar 2 
Requirement Leverage Ratio’ and ‘Pillar 2 Guidance Leverage Ratio’) has also been envisaged. 
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer”, under 
the section entitled “The Issuer”. 
The BPS Group may be subject to the provisions of the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Issuer – as a bank – is subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD), an EU 
Directive intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to institutions considered to be at 
risk of failing (i.e. the sale of business, the asset separation, the bail in and the bridge bank).  
The taking of any action under the BRRD in relation to BPS could materially affect the value of, or any 
repayments linked to, the Notes.  
In particular, if the Issuer is determined to be failing or likely to fail within the meaning of BRRD, and 
is put under resolution, the Notes (both the Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes) may be, totally 
or partially written down or converted into equity, if it is deemed necessary by the resolution Authority 
in the context of the resolution process. However, for the Subordinated Notes, such risk is higher as the 
Subordinated Notes are written down and/or converted, after the shares, but before the senior debt 
securities. Thus, depending on the number of resources necessary to resolve the Issuer, the 
conversion/write-down of the sole Subordinated Notes may be sufficient to ensure its recovery.  
Furthermore, the Single Resolution Board, as resolution Authority, may seek to amend the terms of the 
maturity date of the Notes: this circumstance could negatively affect the value of the Notes for the 
purpose of reselling the Notes.  
The resolution measures may be adopted in isolation or in combination. For instance, the relevant 
authority may require a partial conversion of the Notes into ordinary shares of the Issuer, in addition to 
the sale of the Issuer’s assets. 
In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the BRRD has been subject to significant revisions by the 
BRRD II.  
In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the BRRD has been subject to significant revisions by the 
mentioned EU Banking Reform Package. In particular, Directive (EU) 2019/879, entered into force on 
27 June 2019, provides for a number of significant revisions to the BRRD (known as BRRD II). BRRD 
II provides that Member States were required to ensure implementation into local law by 28 December 
2020 with certain requirements relating to the implementation of the total loss absorbing capacity 
standard (TLAC) applying from January 2022 while the transitional period for full compliance with

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
MREL requirements is foreseen until 1 January 2024, with interim targets for a linear build-up of MREL 
set at 1 January 2022. The EU Banking Reform Package includes, amongst other things: 
• 
full implementation of the Financial Stability Board's TLAC standard (FSB) in the EU and 
revisions to the existing MREL regime. Additional changes to the MREL framework that 
include changes to the calculation methodology for MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities 
which can be considered as MREL, the introduction of internal MREL and additional reporting 
and disclosure requirements on institutions; 
• 
the introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities 
that are not Global Systemically Important Institutions (G-SIIs) but are part of a resolution 
group whose total assets exceed Euro 100 billion; 
• 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and  
• 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. 
 
In particular, with a view to ensuring full implementation of the TLAC standard in the EU, the EU 
Banking Reform Package and the BRRD II introduce MREL applicable to G-SIIs with the TLAC 
standard and to allow resolution authorities, on the basis of bank-specific assessments, to require that 
G-SIIs comply with a supplementary MREL requirement strictly linked to the resolvability analysis of 
a given G-SII. 
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree no. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the Decree No. 193), 
implementing BRRD II into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree 
no. 180/2015 and the Consolidated Banking Act. 
The amendments introduced by Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory 
framework regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is determined, to the provisions set 
out in BRRD II.   
In particular, the amended version of Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 clearly envisages that MREL 
shall be determined by the Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria:  
(i) 
the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate 
to meet the resolution's objectives; 
(ii) 
the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate 
group subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the bail-
in tool or write-down or conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, losses could 
be absorbed and that it is possible to restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the leverage 
ratio to a level necessary to enable them to continue to comply with the conditions for 
authorisation, according to the regulatory framework currently in force, even if the resolution 
plan envisages the possibility for certain classes of eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-in 
or to be transferred in full to a recipient under a partial transfer; 
(iii) the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and 
(iv) 
the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, 
due to the interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of the 
financial system.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer”, under 
the section entitled “The Issuer”. 
Inflation, increase in interest rates and a potential recession 
Mismatches between the supply and demand of goods and services, partially as a result of the COVID-
19 pandemic and, more recently, the Russia-Ukraine conflict, have contributed to a rise in global 
inflation. In Italy, the annual Harmonized Indices of Consumer Prices, which is used to measure 
consumer price inflation in the euro area (HICP), as recorded in 2021, 2022 and 2023, was 1.94%, 
8.7% and 5.9%, respectively (source: Istat). The annual inflation rate in Italy in 2022 was the highest 
since 1985. With respect to the European Union, the HICP, as recorded in 2021, 2022 and 2023, was 
2.9%, 9.2% and 6.4%, respectively (source: Eurostat). As for the United States, the Consumer Price 
Index, which is the most widely used measure of inflation in the United States, as recorded in 2021, 
2022 and 2023, was 4.7%, 8.0% and 4.1%, respectively (source: IMF).  
To counter inflation, central banks have increased interest rates and seem now to have reached the end 
of the tightening cycle. The Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank are both in the process of 
reducing gradually the dimension of their respective Balance Sheet. The recent restrictive monetary 
policies and the persistence of geo-political tensions (Russia-Ukraine, Middle East and Taiwan/China) 
may lead to a market or general economic downturn or recession. All of these factors may adversely 
affect the Issuer and the BPS Group. Uncertainty surrounding the pace of future interest rate cuts by 
major central banks may result in significant volatility in financial markets around the world and such 
volatility may continue for a prolonged period of time. Any potential recession or other periods of 
declining economic conditions could adversely affect the Issuer’s and BPS Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial conditions and have a negative effect on the securities markets generally. 
Forthcoming regulatory changes 
The Issuer is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by, among others, the Bank of Italy, 
CONSOB, the ECB and the SRB. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial services laws that 
govern its marketing and selling practices.  
It is noteworthy that on 19 June 2024 the EU Regulation 2024/1623 (amending the CRR) and the EU 
Directive 2024/1619 (amending the CRD IV Directive) were published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union. These regulations entered into force on 9 July 2024 and: (i) the EU Regulation 
2024/1623 shall apply from 1 January 2025 (with some exceptions); (ii) as for EU Directive 2024/1619, 
Member States shall adopt and publish, by 10 January 2026, the laws, regulations and administrative 
provisions necessary to comply with CRD VI, and shall apply those measures from 11 January 2026 
(with some exceptions).  
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission published a legislative proposal on the crisis management 
and deposits insurance (the CMDI) framework. The package consists of four legislative proposals that 
would amend existing EU legislation: the BRRD, the Directive 2014/49/EU (the DGSD) and the 
Regulation (EU) 806/2014 (the SRM). On 19 June 2024, the Council announced that it had agreed a 
negotiating mandate on the review of the CMDI framework. With this agreement, the Council is ready 
to engage in negotiations with the European Parliament on the final shape of this piece of legislation. 
As part of the CMDI, Directive (EU) 2024/1174 was adopted – published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 22 April 2024 – introducing certain amendments to the BRRD and the SRMR aimed 
at outlining the conditions for the treatment of internal MREL. 
Changes in the regulatory framework and prudential capital requirements – including the recent 
publication of EU Regulation 2024/1623 (amending CRR) and EU Directive 2024/1619 (amending 
CRD IV Directive) – and in how such regulations are interpreted and/or transposed into the national

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
legal/regulatory framework and/or applied by the supervisory authorities may have a material effect on 
the BPS Group’s business and operations. The manner in which the new framework of banking laws 
and regulations will be applied to the operations of financial institutions is still evolving and still 
uncertain. No assurance can be given that laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted 
in a manner that will not have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, cash flows and 
results of operations of the BPS Group.  
Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own advisors as to the consequences for them of 
the application of the above regulations as implemented by each Member State. 
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer”, under 
the section “The Issuer”.  
The Issuer may be affected by new accounting standards 
The Issuer is exposed, as much as any other entity operating within the bank sector, to the effects 
deriving from both the entry into force of new accounting standards and the amendment of the existing 
ones, in particular with respect to International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union (IFRS).    
The values recorded on the balance sheet and income statement, as well as on the reporting of contingent 
assets and liabilities are affected by the above factors and, accordingly, even if the Issuer carries out 
periodic reviews in order to take into account changes in the relevant period, it cannot be ruled out that 
new accounting standards and/or the amendment of the existing ones will have an adverse effect on the 
items subject to valuation and, ultimately, on the financial condition and results of operations of the 
Issuer. 
For further information please see the notes to the audited consolidated financial statements as at and 
for the year ended 31 December  2023 (Section 4 – Other Aspects - 1. New international accounting 
standards endorsed and applied in the preparation of the financial statements at 31 December 2023) and 
the notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated half-year financial statements as at and for the six 
months ended 30 June  2024 (Other aspects - New International Accounting Standards endorsed and 
applied in the preparation of the condensed consolidated half-year financial statements as at 30 June 
2024), incorporated by reference herein, which present an illustration of the new accounting standards 
or amendments to existing standards approved by the International Accounting Standard Board (IASB), 
as well as the new interpretations or amendments to existing ones published by the International 
Financial Reporting Interpretation Committee (IFRIC).  
The Issuer may be affected by changes in estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of its 
financial statements 
Under IFRS, for the purposes of preparing its financial statements, the Issuer uses estimates and 
assumptions that may have a significant effect on the values recorded on the balance sheet and income 
statement, as well as on the reporting of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates and 
assumptions are applied on a going concern basis and are strongly influenced by growing uncertainty 
of the economic environment and current market conditions, the degree of volatility of financial 
parameters and the presence of high indicators for credit quality deterioration. Parameters and 
information used for the determination of estimates and assumptions are particularly affected by factors 
which by their nature are unpredictable. As a result, those estimates and assumptions may vary from 
period to period and, accordingly, it cannot be ruled out that amounts recorded in the Issuer’s most 
recent financial statements and those recorded in the future will differ, even significantly, following 
changes to the valuation methods to be applied. 
The values recorded on the balance sheet and income statement, as well as on the reporting of contingent

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
assets and liabilities are significantly affected by the above factors and, accordingly, even if the 
estimates and assumptions adopted are subject to periodic review in order to take into account changes 
in the relevant period, it cannot be ruled out that a worsening performance will have an adverse effect 
on the items subject to valuation and, ultimately, on the financial condition and results of operations of 
the Issuer.  
Risks associated with pending legal proceedings  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the BPS Group companies are/were parties to civil 
and administrative judiciary proceedings associated with their ordinary operations; for some of these 
proceedings, the Issuer has allocated, as recognised in its consolidated financial statements, a specific 
provision for contingencies and liability, intended to cover potential liabilities resulting from the same 
proceedings. 
Even though the outcome of the many legal proceedings to which the BPS Group is a party is 
intrinsically difficult to forecast and, therefore, it cannot be ruled out that an unfavourable outcome of 
some of them might impact the BPS Group’s financial, income and equity situation, the Issuer believes 
that the allocated provision is adequate to meet any unfavourable outcomes. Moreover, the above 
proceedings are not significant when considered individually. 
For other information on the pending legal proceedings to which the BPS Group is a party, reference is 
made to section “The Issuer” of this Base Prospectus. 
Risk associated with inspections by regulatory authorities 
From October 2021 to February 2022, an on-site inspection related to the internal model was carried 
out. The Internal model investigation was on the subject matter of Credit risk with the purpose of 
assessing the institution’s application for approval of: 
− 
material change related to Credit risk (PD; LGD; LGD in default; CCF/EAD; ELBE) for the 
following exposure classes: Corporate - Other; Corporate - SME; Retail - Other non-SME; Retail 
- Other SME; Retail - Qualifying revolving; Retail - Secured by real estate non-SME; Retail - 
Secured by real estate SME; 
− 
internal model as part of an implementation plan (roll-outs) related to Credit risk (CCF/EAD) for 
the following exposure classes: Corporate - Other; Corporate-SME.  
Following the closing meeting with the ECB on 14 June 2022, the Bank received the assessment report 
on 2 August 2022. Based on the findings in the follow-up final letter received on 12 October 2023, the 
Bank prepared an action plan whose remedial actions have been completed by October 2024.  
From October 2022 to March 2023, a new ECB on-site inspection was launched to assess internal 
processes, credit policies and accounting practices related to the Non-Financial Corporate Portfolio, 
including specific deep-dives on selected individual credit positions (Credit File Review). The Bank 
received the draft report on 8 November 2023 and the Exit meeting was held on 14 November 2023. 
Based on the findings included in the final report received on 23 January 2024, the Bank has prepared 
a remedial action plan. 
From October 2023, a new ECB on-site inspection was launched on Business model and profitability 
to assess the Digital Transformation.  The Bank received the draft follow-up letter on 4 September 2024, 
and the closing meeting was held on 18 September 2024. Based on the findings in the final follow-up 
letter received on 30 October 2024, the Bank started preparing a remedial action plan, which was sent 
to the ECB on 27 November 2024.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
In October 2024, a new ECB on-site inspection was launched on risk data aggregation and risk 
reporting. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the inspection is still underway. 
The BPS Group is subject, in the course of its ordinary activities, to inspections and other supervisory 
actions carried out by the supervisory authority that could require organisational interventions or 
strengthening of internal functions aimed at addressing weaknesses identified during inspections which 
might, furthermore, result in sanction proceedings which may have negative effects on operations or 
may require adjustments to the financial and capital position and economic results of the Issuer. 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes and 
or systems, human resources and/or external events. This definition includes legal and conduct risks, 
but excludes strategic and reputational risks. Legal risk includes, but is not limited to, exposure to fines, 
penalties or punitive damages resulting from supervisory actions, as well as private settlements.  
The BPS Group, being fully aware of the considerable damage to its image and its reputation which 
could arise from the occurrence of loss events, adopts a management system suitable, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, to mitigate the operational risk effects. This system relies on procedures for the containment 
and mitigation of operational risks arising from transactions and for the prevention and/or limitation of 
the possible adverse effects resulting from them. However, the adoption of these measures may be 
inadequate to deal with the risks potentially arising, in part because of the unpredictability of the 
occurrence of risk events. 
The most frequently recurring operational risks and those having the greatest individual impact in terms 
of overall amount usually include errors in the execution of day-to-day payments and trading in 
securities, litigations and settlement agreements with customers as well as external events, normally 
subject to mitigation through the purchase of insurance policies. 
Risks related to Sanctioned Countries  
The Issuer has clients and partners who are located in various countries around the world and/or who 
are active players in markets on a global basis. Some of the countries or territories in which such 
customers and partners are located and/or otherwise operate are, or may become, subject to 
comprehensive sanctions adopted by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of 
the Treasury, the U.S. State Department, any other agency of the U.S. government, the United Nations, 
the European Union, the Swiss Seco, or His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom, generally 
prohibiting all direct or indirect dealings with such countries or territories (Sanctioned Countries).  
The Issuer has consistently adopted stringent sanctions compliance procedures to meet its obligations 
under the laws and regulations that apply to its operations and to ensure that violations of sanctions laws 
and regulations do not occur. Such procedures include enhanced due diligence on third parties as well 
as on goods which fall within the scope of import or export restrictions. Furthermore, since 2017 a 
quality certification UNI EN ISO 9001-2015 by DNV (Det Norske Veritas) is in place in relation to the 
Issuer’s compliance procedures.  
The revenues generated by the Issuer from business related to Sanctioned Countries currently represent 
a small portion (less than 1%) of the Issuer’s total revenues. The Issuer does not maintain any physical 
presence in the Sanctioned Countries.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has undertaken and continues to undertake commercial 
relationships with some counterparties located in the Sanctioned Countries or related to the same

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Sanctioned Countries. Such commercial transactions have all been, and are, carried out in full 
compliance with sanctions laws and regulations as applicable to the Issuer (e.g. comprehensive 
sanctions adopted by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the 
U.S. State Department, any other agency of the U.S. government, the United Nations, the European 
Union, or His Majesty’s Treasury of the United Kingdom) and are not believed to have caused any 
person or entity to violate any sanctions, nor they are expected to result in the Issuer or the BPS Group 
becoming the subject of sanctions. 
However, should the relevant sanctions be strengthened and/or should new sanctions be adopted, there 
may be prejudicial effects on these operations as well as on the reputation of the Issuer and/or the BPS 
Group. This, in turn, could result in negative effects on the capital, financial and economic situation of 
the Issuer and/or the BPS Group. Furthermore, it cannot be excluded that the Issuer and/or the BPS 
Group may become subject to boycotting or monitoring actions by non-governmental activist groups 
seeking to terminate BPS Group’s business relationships with its counterparties in, and its operations 
connected to, Sanctioned Countries. 
Cyber-risk and risks relating to information technology systems 
The BPS Group depends on its information technology (IT) and data processing systems to operate its 
business, as well as on its continuous maintenance and constant updates. The BPS Group is exposed to 
the risk that data could be damaged or lost, removed, disclosed or processed (data breach) for purposes 
other than those authorised by the customer, including by unauthorised parties. 
Among the risks that the Issuer faces relating to the management of IT systems are the possible 
violations of its systems due to unauthorised access to the BPS Group corporate network, or IT 
resources, the introduction of viruses into computers or any other form of abuse committed via the 
internet. Like attempted hacking, such violations have become more frequent over the years throughout 
the world. Both the aggregation of new services for members and clients and the exposure of online 
services are becoming increasingly complex and gradually extending to more and more areas and 
products. In addition, the authors of cyber-threats are using increasingly sophisticated methods and 
strategies for criminal purposes. 
Although the Issuer has adopted business continuity and disaster recovery plans, and implemented other 
IT risk policies, its IT systems may experience outages, delays or other failures or malfunctions due to 
design flaws, malicious attacks, hacking or other reasons. 
The possible destruction, damage or loss of customer, employee or third party data, as well as its 
removal, unauthorised processing or disclosure, would have a negative impact on the BPS Group’s 
business and reputation and could subject the BPS Group to fines, with consequent negative effects on 
the BPS Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
In addition, changes to relevant regulations could impose more stringent sanctions for violations and 
could have a negative impact on the BPS Group’s business insofar as they lead the BPS Group to incur 
additional compliance costs. 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer 
Risks associated with the general economic, financial and other business conditions 
The results of the BPS Group are affected by global economic and financial conditions. During 
recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the BPS 
Group’s customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have an 
impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. Fluctuations in interest rates in Italy and 
in the Euro-zone and in the other markets in which the Issuer operates may influence its performance.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
In February 2022, a military conflict erupted between Russia and Ukraine following the invasion of 
Ukraine by Russia. This military conflict was followed by tensions which also involved certain western 
countries. As a result, the United States, Canada, the European Union and other countries and 
multinational organizations have announced and implemented sanctions of various types against Russia, 
such as the designation of a number of persons and entities, including major Russian banks, in "blocked 
person" lists, the removal of certain Russian banks from the SWIFT system that facilitates the transfer 
of money between banks, a prohibition on providing certain types of financing and financial services to 
certain companies or banks that are under public control or publicly owned, a prohibition on transactions 
with certain Russian counterparties, and the imposition of restrictions on the export to Russia of certain 
goods and technologies. In response to the foregoing sanctions, Russia replied with countersanctions 
on so-called "unfriendly" states (which specifically include countries of the European Union). 
Countersanctions imposed by Russia have led to a reduction in supply volumes or even a suspension of 
gas and oil deliveries. Should economic sanctions escalate further, Russia could take further legal 
action, which could affect European businesses (with their domicile in an "unfriendly State" from a 
Russian perspective).  
The continuation of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine could negatively affect Italian, European 
and global macroeconomic conditions. 
With reference to the exit of the United Kingdom from the single market on 1 January 2021, changes 
in the relationship between the UK and the EU may affect the business of the Issuer. The Treaty on the 
European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the 
UK. The European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020) and secondary legislation made under it ensure there is a functioning statute 
book in the UK. The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement), which governs relations between the EU and UK following the end of the Brexit transition 
period and which had provisional application pending completion of ratification procedures, entered 
into force on 1 May 2021. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement does not create a detailed framework 
to govern the cross-border provision of regulated financial services from the UK into the EU and from 
the EU into the UK. 
In addition, the Israel-Palestine conflict and geopolitical tensions in the Middle East as well as the 
escalating Chinese-Taiwanese tension could potentially have significant adverse effects on the 
European economy, inflation and the stability of international financial markets. 
Furthermore, the BPS Group’s performance is affected by factors such as investor confidence, financial 
market liquidity, and the availability and cost of borrowing on the capital markets, all of which are by 
their very nature, connected to the general macroeconomic situation. The global economic recovery 
may be further impacted by potential new rounds of restrictions that might be introduced by countries 
across the world, with the risk of further slowing down any expected recovery. 
Adverse changes in the above factors, particularly at times of financial crisis, could increase the BPS 
Group’s cost of funding, with a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition and results 
of operations of the BPS Group. 
Risks related to a downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating 
A further downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade may 
occur would be likely to have a material effect in depressing consumer confidence, restricting the 
availability and increasing the cost of funding for individuals and companies, depressing economic 
activity, increasing unemployment, reducing asset prices and consequently increasing the risk of a 
recession.  
Any further downgrade of the Italian sovereign credit rating or the perception that such a downgrade

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
may occur may severely destabilise the markets and have a material adverse effect on the BPS Group’s 
operating results, financial condition and prospects as well as on the marketability of the Notes. This 
might also impact the BPS Group’s credit ratings, borrowing costs and access to liquidity. 
The Issuer’s financial performance is affected by borrower credit quality and general economic 
conditions, in particular in Italy and Europe 
The Issuer monitors credit quality and manages the specific risk of each counterparty and the overall 
risk of the respective loan portfolios, and the Issuer will continue to do so, but there can be no assurance 
that such monitoring and risk management will suffice to keep the Issuer’s exposure to credit risk at 
acceptable levels. Any deterioration of the creditworthiness of significant individual customers or 
counterparties, or of the performance of loans and other receivables, as well as wrong assessments of 
creditworthiness or country risks may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Interest rate rises may also have an impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. The 
risk arising from the impact of the economy and business climate on the credit quality of the BPS 
Group's debtors and counterparties can affect the overall credit quality and the recoverability of loans 
and amounts due from counterparties. 
As discussed above, these risks are exacerbated by concerns over the levels of the public debt of certain 
Euro-zone countries and their relative weaknesses. A rating downgrade in one of the countries in which 
the Issuer operates might restrict the availability of funding or increase its cost for individuals and 
companies at a local level. This might have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s operating results, 
financial conditions and business outlook. 
Governmental and central banks' actions intended to support liquidity may be insufficient or 
discontinued 
In response to the financial markets crisis, the reduced liquidity available to market operators in the 
industry, the increase of risk premiums and the capital requirements demanded by investors, 
intervention with respect to the level of capitalisation of banking institutions has had to be further 
increased. In many countries, this has been achieved through support measures for the financial system 
and direct intervention by governments in the share capital of the banks in different forms. In order to 
technically permit such government support, financial institutions were required to pledge securities 
deemed appropriate by different central financial institutions as collateral. 
The unavailability of liquidity through such measures or the decrease or discontinuation of such 
measures by governments and central authorities could result in increased difficulties in procuring 
liquidity in the market and/or result in higher costs for the procurement of such liquidity, thereby 
adversely affecting the BPS Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer’s financial performance is affected by “systemic risk” 
In recent years, the global credit environment has been adversely affected by significant instances of 
default, and there can be no certainty that such instances will not occur in the future. Concerns about, 
or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other 
institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as 
a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between institutions. This risk is sometimes 
referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing 
agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a 
daily basis and therefore could adversely affect the Issuer. 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events could have a negative impact on the business

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
and results of the Issuer 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events, as well as the responses thereto, may create 
economic and political uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on economic conditions in 
the regions in which the Issuer operates and, more specifically, on the business and results of the Issuer 
in ways that cannot be predicted. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
such features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which 
might occur in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes or there is an actual or perceived increase in the likelihood that the 
Issuer will be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
The Issuer may also, at its option, redeem Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes for tax reasons 
in the circumstances described in, and in accordance with, Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 5.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) or Condition 5.6 (Issuer Call due 
to MREL Disqualification Event) and Condition 5.7 (Clean-Up Redemption at the option of the Issuer).  
Any redemption of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with any conditions to such redemption prescribed by MREL Requirements at the relevant time 
(including any requirements applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of such Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements). See “Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes may be restricted” below for further information. 
In addition, the Issuer may also, at its option, redeem Subordinated Notes for tax reasons in the 
circumstances described in, and in accordance with, Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) or, if 
so specified in the form of Final Terms, following a change of the regulatory classification of the 
relevant Subordinated Notes in the circumstances described in, and in accordance with Condition 5.3 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)) or in accordance with Condition 5.4 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) and Condition 5.7 (Clean-Up Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer). Any redemption of the Subordinated Notes is subject to the prior approval of the

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
relevant Competent Authority and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including 
Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR. See “Regulatory classification of the Notes” below for further 
information. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes 
as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where 
the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing 
rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of 
such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities. 
Waiver of set-off 
As specified in Condition 2.1 (Status of the Senior Notes), each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally 
and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy 
which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Note. 
As specified in Condition 2.2 (Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes), each holder of a Non-
Preferred Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction, in respect of such Non-Preferred Senior Note. 
As specified in Condition 2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes), each holder of a Subordinated Note 
unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other 
similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such 
Subordinated Note. 
The Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of the Notes, being events upon which the Noteholders may declare 
the Notes to be immediately due and payable, are limited to circumstances in which the Issuer is 
liquidated (including when the Issuer becomes subject to Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as 
defined in the Italian Consolidated Banking Act) as set out in Condition 8 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). Accordingly, other than following the occurrence of an Event of Default, if the Issuer 
fails to meet any of its obligations under the Notes, including without limitation the payment of any 
interest, the Noteholders will not have the right of acceleration in respect of any amount due under the 
Notes and the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of 
the Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce the payment of any such amount. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings,

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
In the case of Notes which are issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, please 
also see Risk Factor "In respect of any Notes issued with a specified use of proceeds, such as a "Green 
Bond" or "Social Bond" or "Sustainability Bond", there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds 
will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor ". 
The Notes may be subject to loss absorption or any application of the general bail-in tool 
The BRRD contemplates that the Notes may be subject to non-viability loss absorption, in addition to 
the application of the general bail-in tool.  
For further information please see paragraph “Certain Regulatory Aspects Relating to the Issuer” under 
the section entitled “The Issuer”.  
No physical document of title issued in respect of the Notes issued in dematerialised form 
Notes issued under the Programme will be in dematerialised form and evidenced at any time through 
book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance with 
the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes). In no circumstance would physical documents of title be issued in respect of the Notes issued 
in dematerialised form. While the Notes are represented by book entries, investors will be able to trade 
their beneficial interests only through Monte Titoli and the authorised financial intermediaries holding 
accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli. As the Notes are held in dematerialised form 
with Monte Titoli, investors will have to rely on the procedures of Monte Titoli and the financial 
intermediaries authorised to hold accounts therewith, for transfer, payment and communication with the 
Issuer. 
Risks applicable to the Senior Notes and the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
The Issuer’s obligations under Non-Preferred Senior Notes rank junior to unsecured and 
unsubordinated preferred obligations of the Issuer 
The Issuer’s obligations under Non-Preferred Senior Notes will be unsecured, unsubordinated and non-
preferred obligations and will rank junior in priority of payment to Senior Liabilities and claims arising 
from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR. Senior Liabilities means 
any direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness or payment obligations (or 
indebtedness or obligations which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes) of BPS for money borrowed or raised or guaranteed by the Issuer, as the case 
may be, and any indebtedness or mandatory payment obligations preferred by the laws of the Republic 
of Italy. Although Non-Preferred Senior Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes 
which rank senior to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes, there is a real risk that an investor in Non-
Preferred Senior Notes will lose all or some of his investment should BPS become insolvent.  
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes could be subject to Issuer Call due to an MREL 
Disqualification Event 
If at any time an MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Series of 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, and the form of Final Terms for the Senior Notes or the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes of such Series specify that Issuer Call due to an MREL Disqualification 
Event is applicable, the Issuer may, subject to Condition 5.14 (Conditions to Early Redemption and 
Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes), elect to redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Senior Notes or the Non-Preferred Senior Notes of such Series. An MREL Disqualification Event 
means that, at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is or will be excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL Requirements, subject to as set out in Condition 5.6 (Issuer Call due to 
MREL Disqualification Event). The applicability of the minimum requirements for eligible liabilities is 
subject to the application, in the EU and in Italy, of the EU regulatory framework as laid down under 
the BRRD II, SRM II Regulation, CRD V Directive and CRR II (the EU Banking Framework). 
If the Senior Notes or the Non-Preferred Senior Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance 
that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as 
the interest rate on the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes being redeemed. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. In addition, an 
MREL Disqualification Event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. 
See also “If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value 
of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return” above. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes is subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by MREL 
Requirements at the relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or 
repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. 
In addition, under the EU Banking Framework, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes which qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet MREL Requirements 
is subject to the prior approval of the Competent Authority where applicable from time to time under 
the applicable laws and regulations. The EU Banking Framework states that the Competent Authority 
would approve an early redemption of the Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes where any of 
the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such early redemption or purchase of the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes, the Issuer replaces the Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes with own funds 
instruments or eligible liabilities of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for 
the income capacity of the Issuer;  
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its Own Funds 
and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or purchase, exceed the requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities set out in the CRD V Directive or the BRRD II (or, in either 
case, any relevant provisions of Italian law implementing the CRD V Directive or, as appropriate, 
the BRRD II) or the CRR II by a margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the CRR II and in the CRD V Directive 
for continuing authorisation. 
The Competent Authority shall consult with the Relevant Resolution Authority before granting that 
permission, as requested pursuant to the EU Banking Framework.  
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' 
consent 
If Variation is specified as being applicable in the circumstances described in paragraphs (i) and/or (ii)

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
below in the relevant Final Terms for any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes then 
(i) at any time an MREL Disqualification Event, a Tax Event or an Alignment Event occurs and/or as 
applicable (ii) in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days’ notice (or such other notice periods as may be specified in the form of Final Terms) to Monte 
Titoli, the Paying Agent and the holders of the Notes of that Series, at any time vary the terms of Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior 
Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable, provided that such variation does not 
itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as applicable, are securities issued 
by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably 
determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the relevant Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
as applicable. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes (including, 
without limitation, any changes to governing law and/or jurisdiction) will negatively affect any 
particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such varied notes 
could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for 
them of holding the notes prior to such variation. 
Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of 
the general bail-in-tool  
Investors should be aware that Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes may be subject to 
write-down or conversion into equity capital instruments on any application of the general bail-in 
tool, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment. The exercise of the 
general bail-in tool, or any other power under the BRRD or any suggestion or perceived suggestion 
of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely affect the rights of holders Senior Notes and 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, the price or value of their investment in any such Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Notes. Any shares issued to holders of 
Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital 
instruments may be of little value at the time of conversion and may also be subject to any future 
application of the BRRD. 
Risks applicable to the Subordinated Notes 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of insolvency of 
BPS 
BPS’ obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank 
junior in priority of payment to Senior Liabilities. Senior Liabilities means any direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness or payment obligations (including 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes or indebtedness or obligations which are subordinated but to a lesser 
degree than the obligations under the relevant Subordinated Notes) of BPS for money borrowed or 
raised or guaranteed by BPS and any indebtedness or mandatory payment obligations preferred by 
the laws of the Republic of Italy. Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest 
than comparable Notes which are not subordinated (including Non-Preferred Senior Notes), there 
may be a higher risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment 
should BPS become insolvent. 
In no event will holders of Subordinated Notes be able to accelerate the obligations of the Issuer

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
under Subordinated Notes held by them; such holders will have claims only for amounts then due 
and payable on their Subordinated Notes. After BPS has fully paid all deferred interest on any issue 
of Subordinated Notes and if that issue of Subordinated Notes remains outstanding, future interest 
payments on that issue of Subordinated Notes will be subject to further deferral. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in-
tool or at the point of non-viability of the Issuer and the BPS Group or may be the subject to the 
burden sharing requirements of the EU State aid framework and the BRRD 
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for 
resolution authorities to have the further power to write-down permanently/convert into equity 
capital instruments such as the Subordinated Notes at the point of non-viability and before any 
other resolution action is taken, with losses absorbed in accordance with the priority of claims 
under normal insolvency proceedings (Non-Viability Loss Absorption). Any shares issued to 
holders of Subordinated Notes upon any such conversion into equity capital instruments may also 
be subject to any future application of the BRRD. 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and 
applied the resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable 
whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support 
through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and 
temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in 
accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public 
support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to 
back liquidity facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a 
State guarantee of newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of 
precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary recapitalization EU state aid rules 
require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders of the Subordinated Notes) 
contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
As a result, Subordinated Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to 
Common Equity Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the BPS Group’s entities or another 
institution. Accordingly, trading behaviour may also be affected by the threat that Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption (or the general bail-in tool) may be applied to Subordinated Notes or the burden 
sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD may be applied and, as a result, 
Subordinated Notes are not necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour associated with 
other types of securities. Noteholders should consider the risk that they may lose all of their 
investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if the Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption (or the general bail-in tool) is applied to the Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing 
requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD are applied or that such Subordinated 
Notes may be converted into ordinary shares which ordinary shares may be of little value at the 
time of conversion. 
In addition, on 30 November 2021, Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the 193 
Decree) implementing the BRRD II was published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into force 
on 1 December 2021. The 193 Decree introduces point c-ter) under Article 91 paragraph 1-bis) of 
the Italian Consolidated Banking Act transposing Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. The amended 
Article 91 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act provides for the following ranking:  
• 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify (and no part thereof is recognized) as own 
funds items (elementi di fondi propri) shall rank senior to own funds items (including any 
instruments only partly recognized as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri)) and 
junior to senior non-preferred instruments (strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
livello);  
• 
if instruments which qualified in whole or in part as own funds items (elementi di fondi 
propri) cease, in their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own fund 
items (elementi di fondi propri) but junior to senior non-preferred instruments.  
In light of the above, if Subordinated Notes of the Issuer (which qualify or qualified at any time 
either in whole or in part as own fund items) were to be disqualified entirely as own funds items 
in the future, their ranking would improve compared to Subordinated Notes which at the relevant 
time qualify as own funds items (in whole or in part) and would rank pari passu with Subordinated 
Notes which at the relevant time are not qualified in whole or in part as own funds items. In the 
event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to pay 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer whose claims rank in priority to the Subordinated Notes, 
including those whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully or partially are recognized 
as an own funds instrument in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes 
which, at the relevant time, qualify as own funds items (in whole or in part). Furthermore, if the 
Subordinated Notes are fully disqualified as own funds items, such Notes would not be subject to 
a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-viability even though they 
would continue to be subject to bail-in, and, in the event the Issuer were to receive extraordinary 
financial support in accordance with the EU state aid framework and the BRRD, may be subject 
to the burden sharing requirements of such legislation. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes is subject to compliance with the then 
applicable Regulatory Capital Requirements, including for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the relevant Competent Authority and such Competent Authority 
granting prior permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each 
case subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements, 
including Articles 77 and 78 of CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time), where 
either: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having 
replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that its 
own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, 
exceed the minimum requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) 
required under the Regulatory Capital Requirements by a margin that the 
Competent Authority considers necessary at such time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of 
the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 
7 January 2014, as amended from time to time: 
(i) 
 in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that 
the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes is material and 
was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
(ii) 
 in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.3 (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)), if a Regulatory Event (as defined below) occurs; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having 
replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Competent 
Authority having permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it 
would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional 
circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be 
applicable from time to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements for the time being. 
There can be no assurance that the relevant Competent Authority will permit such redemption or 
purchase. In addition, the Issuer may elect not to exercise any option to redeem any Subordinated 
Notes early or at any time. Holders of Subordinated Notes should be aware that they may be 
required to bear the financial risks of an investment in such Notes for a period of time in excess of 
the minimum period. 
Regulatory classification of the Notes 
The intention of BPS is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as "Tier 2 capital" for regulatory 
capital purposes of both the Issuer and the BPS Group. 
Although it is BPS’ expectation that the Subordinated Notes qualify on issue as "Tier 2 capital" of 
both the Issuer and the BPS Group, there can be no representation that this is or will remain the 
case during the life of such Notes. If there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion from "Tier 2 capital" at 
individual or consolidated basis (in whole or in part), provided that, in case of exclusion in part, 
such exclusion is not as a result of amortisation or any limits on the amount of “Tier 2” capital 
applicable to the Issuer and, in respect of any redemption of the relevant Subordinated Notes 
proposed to be made prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date, both of the following 
conditions are met: (i) the Competent Authority (as defined in Condition 5.15 (Conditions to Early 
Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes)) considers such a change to be reasonably 
certain and (ii) BPS demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in 
the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by BPS as 
at the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, BPS will (if so specified in the form of 
Final Terms) have the right to redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 5.3 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call))  , subject to, inter alia, the prior approval of 
the relevant Competent Authority and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, 
including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR. There can be no assurance that holders of such 
Subordinated Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that 
will provide the same rate of return as their investments in the relevant Notes, as the case may be. 
In addition, the occurrence of such event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. 
Any redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes in accordance with 
Conditions 5.2, 5.4, 5.6, 5.7 or 5.10 or Condition 11 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
modification or variation in accordance with Condition 11)  is subject to compliance by the Issuer 
with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL Requirements at 
the relevant time (including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to 
the qualification of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at such time as eligible 
liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to modification without Noteholders' consent 
If Variation is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (i) at any time a Regulatory 
Event, a Tax Event and/or an Alignment Event occurs and/or, as applicable, (ii) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers) for any Series of 
Subordinated Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving any consent required from, the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant 
Resolution Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the 
Subordinated Notes of that Series), and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or 
such other notice periods as may be specified in the form of Final Terms) to Monte Titoli, the Paying 
Agent and the holders of the Notes of that Series, at any time vary the terms of Subordinated Notes so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, provided 
that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes are securities issued by the relevant Issuer that, other than in respect of 
the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), have terms 
not materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms 
of the relevant Subordinated Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these 
changes (including, without limitation, any changes to governing law and/or jurisdiction) will 
negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding 
such varied notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty 
consequences for them of holding the notes prior to such variation. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the 
interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of the Reset 
Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second 
Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be 
reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each 
such interest rate, a Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest). The Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for 
any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as Index 
Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest than 
expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount 
invested by it. 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in respect of the Notes being determined 
by reference to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements 
in currency exchange rates or other factors (each, a Relevant Factor). In addition, the Issuer may issue 
Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated. Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
the effect of any multiplier or leverage factor that is applied to the Relevant Factor is the impact 
of any changes in the Relevant Factor on the amounts of principal or interest payable will be 
magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the 
Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of 
the future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each 
potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an 
investment in any Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its 
particular circumstances. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment 
of the issue price could lose all of his investment 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any failure 
by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes could result 
in such investor losing all of his investment. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or 
other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include 
those features. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to 
consider and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing 
through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case 
may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in legislation or administrative 
practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on Italian law in effect as at the date of this Base

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
Italian law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes  
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result 
of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in 
his account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding 
without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as “Green Bonds” or “Social 
Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds”, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be 
suitable for the investment criteria of an investor  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme described 
as "green bonds" (Green Bonds), "social bonds" (Social Bonds) and/or "sustainability bonds" 
(Sustainability Bonds) in accordance with the Issuer’s Framework Agreement (as defined in the “Use 
of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus) and the principles set out by the International Capital 
Market Association (ICMA) (respectively, the Green Bond Principles (GBP), the Social Bond 
Principles (SBP) and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG)) for the purposes of financing or 
refinancing, in whole or in part, respectively new or existing Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social 
Projects and/or Eligible Sustainable Projects (each of such terms as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" 
section). 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information in the “Use of Proceeds” 
section of this Base Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and 
must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in 
such Notes together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary and must assess the 
suitability of that investment in light of their own circumstances. In particular no assurance is given by 
the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for the funding of any Eligible Green Project, 
Eligible Social Project or Eligible Sustainable Project, as the case may be, will satisfy, whether in whole 
or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria 
or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present 
or future applicable law or regulations (including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy Regulation) and 
the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts for climate change adaptation and 
mitigation objectives (the EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts) approved in principle by the 
EU Commission on 21 April 2021 and formally adopted on 4 June 2021 (the EU Taxonomy Regulation 
and the EU Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts, jointly, the EU Taxonomy Framework) or by its 
own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or 
related to, the relevant Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects). 
On 9 December 2021, a first delegated act on sustainable activities for climate change mitigation and 
adaptation objectives of the EU Taxonomy (Climate Delegated Act) was published in the Official 
Journal and is applicable from 1 January 2022. With respect to the remaining environmental objectives. 
A second delegated act setting out proposed technical screening criteria for economic activities that 
make a substantial contribution to the (non-climate) environmental objectives of the Taxonomy 
Regulation was adopted by the Commission on 27 June 2023. On 6 July 2021 the European Commission 
adopted the delegated act supplementing Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation which was then

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
published in the Official Journal on 10 December 2021 and is applicable since January 2022. This 
delegated act specifies the content, methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by 
financial and non-financial undertakings concerning the proportion of environmentally sustainable 
economic activities in their business, investments or lending activities. On 9 March 2022, the European 
Commission adopted a complementary climate delegated act including, under strict conditions, specific 
nuclear and gas energy activities in the list of economic activities covered by the EU taxonomy. It was 
published in the Official Journal on 15 July 2022 and is applicable since January 2023. The criteria for 
the specific gas and nuclear activities are in line with EU climate and environmental objectives and will 
help accelerate the shift from solid or liquid fossil fuels, including coal, towards a climate-neutral future. 
Furthermore, on 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance 
published its final report on a European standard for green bonds (the EU Green Bond Standard). In 
the context of the public consultation on the renewed sustainable finance strategy, the European 
Commission launched a targeted consultation on the establishment of an EU Green Bond Standard, that 
builds and consults on the work of the Commission Technical Expert Group and has run between 12 
June and 2 October 2020. On 19 October 2020, the European Commission published the Commission 
Work Programme 2021, in which the European Commission expressed the intention to deliver a 
legislative proposal by the end of the second quarter of 2021. On 6 July 2021, the European Commission 
officially adopted a legislative proposal for a EU Green Bond Standard setting out four main 
requirements: (i) allocation of the funds raised by the green bond should be made in compliance with 
the EU Taxonomy (as defined below); (ii) full transparency on the allocation of the green bond 
proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance activities to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) 
registration of external reviewers with the ESMA and subject to its supervision. In this respect, on 28 
February 2023 the European Parliament and the Council reached a political agreement on the 
Commission's proposal for a EU Green Bond Standard. In particular, issuers of a EU Green Bond 
Standard would need to ensure that at least 85% of the funds raised by the bond are allocated to 
economic activities that align with the Taxonomy Regulation. The proposal was approved by the 
European Parliament on 5 October 2023 and by the Council on 23 October 2023. Consequently, on 30 
November 2023, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 (the EU Green Bond Standard Regulation) was 
published in the Official Journal of the EU. The EU Green Bond Standard Regulation will be applicable 
from 21 December 2024. 
In addition, on 6 April 2022 the European Commission adopted the Regulatory Technical Standards 
(RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation) which apply 
from 1 January 2023. 
Moreover, on 25 July 2022 Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1288, supplementing the 
SFDR with regard to RTS specifying the details of the content and presentation of the information in 
relation to the principle of "do no significant harm", specifying the content, methodologies and 
presentation of information in relation to sustainability indicators and adverse sustainability impacts, 
and the content and presentation of the information in relation to the promotion of environmental or 
social characteristics and sustainable investment objectives in pre-contractual documents, on websites 
and in periodic reports (SFDR RTS), was published in the Official Journal. The new RTS apply from 
1 January 2023.  
On 31 October 2022 the European Commission adopted the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/363 
amending and correcting the standards laid down in the SFDR RTS to ensure investors receive 
information reflecting provisions set out in the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 
9 March 2022. The Delegated Regulation has been published in the Official Journal on 17 February 
2023 and has come into force on the third day after publication in the Official Journal. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory 
or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as a "green", "social" 
or "sustainable" or equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
particular project to be defined as "green" or "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label. 
The EU Taxonomy Framework is nevertheless subject to further developments. Even if a definition or 
market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, "social" or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or 
“sustainable” or such other equivalent label, should develop or be established, no assurance is or can be 
given to investors that any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects, 
Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such "green", "social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives 
(including those set out under the EU Taxonomy Framework) or that any adverse green, social, 
sustainable and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the 
subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects and/or Eligible Sustainable 
Projects, as the case may be, towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied. Moreover, in light 
of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, sustainable and 
positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal frameworks and/or definitions may (or may 
not) be modified to adapt any update that may be made to the GBP and/or the SBP and/or the SBG 
and/or the EU Taxonomy Framework. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on the liquidity 
and value of and return on any such Green Bond, Social Bond or Sustainability Bond.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of 
any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) (including the 
Second Party Opinion, as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the Base Prospectus) which may 
or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bond, Social Bond or 
Sustainability Bond and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or 
Eligible Sustainable Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For 
the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated 
in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification (including the Second 
Party Opinion) is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Any 
such opinion or certification (including the Second Party Opinion) is only current as of the date that 
opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any 
such opinion or certification (including the Second Party Opinion) and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Currently, the providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme will not be compliant with the EU Green Bond Standard 
Regulation and are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes in the Framework 
Agreement (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus). It is not clear if the 
establishment of the "European Green Bond" or "EuGB" label and the optional disclosures regime for 
bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" under the EU Green Bond Standard Regulation could 
have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not comply 
with the requirements of the EuGB label or the optional disclosures regime, such as the Green Bonds 
issued under this Programme. It could result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise 
affect the market price of any Green Bonds issued under this Programme that do not comply with the 
standards under the EU Green Bond Standard Regulation. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are listed or admitted to 
trading on any dedicated "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any 
stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given 
by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole 
or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria 
or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present 
or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or 
social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible 
Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects (as the case may be). Furthermore, it should be noted 
that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or 
securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of 
any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds (as the case may be). 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable 
Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, 
any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects (either resulting 
from the original application of the proceeds of the Notes or a subsequent reallocation of such proceeds), 
as the case may be, will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be totally or partially disbursed for the specified Eligible 
Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects. Nor can there be any assurance 
that (i) such Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects will be 
completed within any specified period or at all, (ii) with the results or outcome as originally expected 
or anticipated by the Issuer or (iii) the originally designated green project or social project or sustainable 
project (or any project(s) resulting from any subsequent reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of 
the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) will not be the potentially or actual 
disqualified as such. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer (including to comply with its reporting obligations, or failure to 
obtain any opinion or certification of any third party (including the Second Party Opinion) in relation 
to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds), any actual or potential maturity mismatch 
between the green, social or sustainable asset(s) towards which proceeds of the Notes may have been 
applied and the relevant Notes or if any other risk(s) set out or contemplated by this risk factor with 
respect to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are realised, such occurrence will not, 
with respect to any Notes (including for the avoidance of doubt, any Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes), (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate or redeem the Notes or take any other enforcement 
action against the Issuer); (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the Notes or a breach or violation of 
any term of the relevant Notes or constitute a default by the Issuer for any other purpose; (iii) lead to a 
right or an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in 
determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes and/or 
give a right to a Noteholder to request early redemption; (iv) affect the qualification of such Notes as 
Senior Notes, Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Subordinated Notes, or strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello, Tier 2 capital or as eligible liabilities instruments or impact any of the features of such 
Notes, including (without limitation, as applicable) features relating to ranking, permanence, loss 
absorption and/or flexibility of payments (as applicable); or (v) have any impact on the status of the 
Notes as indicated in Conditions 2.1 (Status of the Senior Notes), 2.2 (Status of the Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes) and 2.3 (Status of the Subordinated Notes), or (vi) prevent the applicability of the General Bail-
In Tool (or any other provision of the Regulatory Capital Requirements) (vi) result in any step-up or 
increased payments of interest, principal or any other amounts, as applicable in respect of any Notes, or 
(vii) have any impact on the status of the Notes. Neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds or asset financed with such proceeds 
will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets. There is no direct contractual link 
between any Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds and any green, social or sustainability 
targets of the Issuer. Therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest and the

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
operation of any other features (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant Eligible Green Project, 
Eligible Social Project or Eligible Sustainable Project (as the case may be) nor have any preferred or 
any other right against the green, social or sustainable assets towards which proceeds of the relevant 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are to be applied.  
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds for any Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable 
Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which 
such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities 
market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance 
Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
In addition, Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may also qualify as own funds or 
eligible liabilities and, as any other Notes, may be fully subject to the application of CRR eligibility 
criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, an 
amount equal to the proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds qualifying as 
own funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of 
their "green", "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label. The fact that Notes which qualify 
as own funds or eligible liabilities (which may include, for the avoidance of doubt, Senior Notes, Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, and Subordinated Notes) are also Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds shall not impact (i) any of the features of such Notes, including (without limitation, as applicable) 
features relating to ranking, permanence, loss absorption and/or flexibility of payments or enhance the 
performance of the relevant Notes in any way, (ii) the availability of the Notes (or the proceeds thereof) 
to absorb all losses (whether or not related to any green, social or sustainable assets towards which 
proceeds of the relevant Notes may have been applied or, if relevant, reallocated) in accordance with 
their terms (if applicable) or the Regulatory Capital Requirements, (iii) the relevant CRR eligibility 
criteria applicable to the qualification of the relevant Notes as own funds or eligible liabilities (as 
appropriate) or applicability of the relevant BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
or (iv) the risks related to the qualification of such Notes as own funds or eligible liabilities (as 
appropriate). Among the risks applicable to the Issuer’s Notes, the Issuer’s Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity in the event a 
resolution procedure is initiated in respect of the BPS Group (including the Issuer) and, with respect 
to Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds qualifying as Tier 2 Capital, even before 
the commencement of any such procedure if certain conditions are met, in which cases the fact that 
such Notes are designated as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds does not provide 
their holders with any priority compared to other Notes, nor is their level of subordination affected 
by such designation; any such Notes will be subject to the same risks relating to their level of 
subordination and the enforcement rights of the holders of the Notes will be equally extremely 
limited.  
No gross up on withholding tax  
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make 
gross up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than expected and could 
significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Notes

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are governed by Italian law and Condition 13 (Governing Law 
and Submission to Jurisdiction) provides that contractual and non-contractual obligations arising out or 
in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law, 
pursuant to EU and Italian private international law provisions as applicable from time to time. Article 
59 of Law No. 218 of 31 May 1995 (the Italian Private International Law) provides that “other debt 
securities” (titoli di credito) are governed by the law of the State in which the security was issued.  
The Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the laws applicable to their transfer and circulation for any 
prospective investors in the Notes and any disputes which may arise in relation to, inter alia, the transfer 
of ownership in the Notes on the basis of the above-mentioned provisions of Italian Private International 
Law and the relevant applicable European legislation.  
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (EURIBOR)) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals 
for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These 
reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
"benchmarks", the contribution of input data to a "benchmark" and the use of a "benchmark" within the 
EU and it, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, 
if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) 
prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of administrators 
that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use 
of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, 
if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a rate or index deemed to be a benchmark, 
including, without limitation, any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing EURIBOR or any Reset 
Notes referencing the relevant swap rate for swap transactions in the Specified Currency (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement with respect to the relevant Reset Notes), in 
particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. 
Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has also published a set of guiding 
principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, 
among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and 
fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the group issued its final statement, announcing completion of its 
mandate. 
Furthermore, in order to address systemic risk, on 2 February 2021 the Council of the European Union 
approved the final text of the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 amending the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as 
regards the exemption of certain third-country spot foreign exchange benchmarks and the designation 
of replacements for certain benchmarks in cessation, and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012. The 
new framework delegates the Commission to designate a replacement for benchmarks qualified as 
critical under the Regulation 2016/2011, where the cessation or wind-down of such a benchmark might 
significantly disrupt the functioning of financial markets within the European Union. In particular, the 
designation of a replacement for a benchmark should apply to any contract and any financial instrument 
as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU that is subject to the law of a Member State. In addition, with respect 
to supervised entities, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 extends the transitional period for the use of third-
country benchmarks until 2023 and the Commission may further extend this period until 2025 by a 
delegated act to be passed before 15 July 2023. On 10 February 2021 the Council of the European Union 
adopted the Regulation (EU) 2021/168 that was published in the Official Journal on 12 February 2021 
and entered into force on the following day.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark, (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks, and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
benchmark.  
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes which reference such EURIBOR will be determined for 
the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in 
which the relevant EURIBOR rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
this may result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous 
period when the relevant EURIBOR was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect 
on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes which reference the 
relevant EURIBOR. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any 
successor service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set 
by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in 
consultation with the Issuer or failing that, by the Issuer, and that such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a 
particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which 
was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. If the Independent 
Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes are necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Adjustment Spread or to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks 
or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be 
made without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, as provided by Condition 
3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation). 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the 
amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Investors should consider these matters 
with their own independent advisers when making their investment decision with respect to any Floating 
Rate Notes or Reset Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Tax changes may affect the tax treatment of the Notes 
Italian Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023, as amended (Law 111), delegates power to the Italian 
government to enact, within twenty-four months from its publication, one or more legislative decrees 
implementing the reform of the Italian tax system (the Tax Reform). 
According to Law 111, the Tax Reform will significantly change the taxation of financial incomes and 
capital gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise 
nature, extent, and impact of these amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this 
stage. 
The information provided in this Base Prospectus may not reflect the future tax landscape accurately. 
Investors should be aware that the amendments that may be introduced to the tax regime of financial 
incomes and capital gains could increase the taxation on interest, similar income and/or capital gains 
accrued or realised under the Notes and could result in a lower return of their investment. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences described 
above. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for 
the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single investor or a limited number 
of investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price 
volatility than conventional debt securities. In addition, should the Issuer be in financial distress, this is 
likely to have a further significant impact on the secondary market for the Notes and investors may have 
to sell their Notes at a substantial discount to their principal amount. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in 
respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal at all. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes.  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The expected ratings of the 
Notes are set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes. Whether or not a rating in 
relation to any Notes will be (1) treated as having been issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation and/or (2) treated as having been issued or endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit 
rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Any rating agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of the rating 
agency, the credit quality of the Notes has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned to the Notes 
is suspended, lowered or withdrawn for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any 
additional support or credit enhancement with respect to the Notes. As a result, the market value of the 
Notes may reduce.  
Any ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency 
or the relevant third country registered rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence 
of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated 
ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed 
by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the 
relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn 
or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory 
treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain 
information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Risk related to inflation 
The repayment of the nominal amount of the Notes at maturity does not protect investors from the risk 
of inflation, i.e. it does not guarantee that the purchasing power of the invested capital will not be 
affected by the increase in the general price level of consumer products. Consequently, the real return 
of the Notes, which is the adjusted return taking into account the inflation rate measured during the life 
of the Notes themselves, could be negative.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated by reference in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the English translation of the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Half-Year Financial 
Statements of the Issuer and the English translation of the relevant independent auditor’s review 
report as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2024 including the information set out at the 
following pages in particular:  
Interim management report as at 30 June 2024 
Pages 
12-48 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Pages 
50-51 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 
52 
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income 
Page 
53 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 
54-55 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 
56-57 
Consolidated Notes 
Pages 
58-171 
Review report on the interim condensed consolidated financial 
statements   
Pages  175-176 
The document is available at the following link: 
 
https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/Relazione%20Semestrale_30
.06.2024_ENG%5B36%5D.pdf  
(b) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2023 of the Issuer and the relevant independent auditor’s report including 
the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Pages 476-477 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 478 
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income 
Page 479 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 480-481 
Consolidated Cash Flows Statement 
Page 482 
Consolidated Notes 
Pages 484-686 
Report of the Independent Auditors of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 689-697 
The document is available at the following link: 
https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/Annual%20Report%202023_0.pdf  
(c) 
the English translation of the consolidated non-financial statements as at and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2023 of the Issuer and the relevant auditor’s report including the 
information set out at the following pages in particular:

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Introduction, context and drafting methodology 
Pages 1-111 
Environment: the commitment to the climate and the 
environment 
Pages 113-118 and 120-
199 
Social: the commitment to a social and inclusive 
economy 
Page 201-265 
Governance: a sustainable administration 
Pages 267-313 
Glossary 
Pages 314-317 
GRI Content Index 
Pages 318-325 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
Pages 326-328 
The document is available at the following link:  
https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/ENG-BPSondrio-DNF2023-05.pdf  
(d) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022 of the Issuer and the relevant auditor’s report including the 
information set out at the following pages in particular: 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Pages 468-469 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Page 470 
Consolidated Statement of Other Comprehensive Income 
Page 471 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 472-473 
Consolidated Cash Flows Statement 
Pages 474-475 
Consolidated Notes 
Pages 477-666 
Report of the Independent Auditor of the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
Pages 669-6751 
The document is available at the following link:  
https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/Bil.%20Definitivo%20BPS%20-
%20Es.%202022_ING%2023-6%5B7%5D.pdf   
  
(e) 
Press release headed “Capital ratios of Banca Popolare di Sondrio far exceeding the SREP 
requirements assigned for 2025” dated 11 December 2024 
Entire Document 
The document is available at the following link:  
http://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/202412_PRESS%20RELEASE%20
SREP%202024_ENG.pdf  
(f) 
Press release headed “Banca Popolare di Sondrio largely exceeds new MREL requirement” 
dated 6 November 2024 
Entire Document 
 
1 Please note that these pages refer to the PDF pages of the document.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
The document is available at the following link:  
https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/CS_BPS_MREL%202024.11.06%2
0EN.pdf  
(g) 
Press release headed “Board of Directors of 5 November 2024: consolidated Interim 
Management Statements as at 30 September 2024 approved” dated 5 November 2024 
Entire Document 
The document is available at the following link: 
http://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/20241105%20RISULTATI%20FIN
ANZIARI%209M%202024%20COMUNICATO%20STAMPA%20ENG.pdf   
(h) 
Press release headed “Morningstar DBRS improves the rating of Banca Popolare di Sondrio. 
The Bank’s issuer rating is at investment grade “BBB” with “Stable” trend” dated 23 October 
2024 
Entire Document 
The document is available at the following link:  
https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/BPS_CS_DBRS_RATING_UPGR
ADE_23.10.2024%20eng.pdf  
(i) 
Press release headed “Fitch ratings improves the rating of Banca Popolare di Sondrio. The 
Bank’s issuer rating is at investment grade “BBB-” with “Stable” outlook” dated 24 April 2024 
Entire Document 
The document is available at the following link:  
http://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/20240424_PR_Fitch%20rating%202
024%20ENG.pdf    
(j) 
Press release headed “Scope Ratings confirms Banca Popolare di Sondrio’s rating at 
investment grade “BBB”, with stable outlook” dated 17 April 2024 
Entire Document 
The document is available at the following link:  
http://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/20240417_Scope%20Ratings%2020
24.pdf   
(k) 
Press release headed “S&P Global Ratings assigns the rating to Banca Popolare di Sondrio. 
Long-term creditworthiness is rated investment grade at “BBB-”, with stable outlook” dated 
26 February 2024 
Entire Document 
The document is available at the following link:

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/20240226_RATING_SP_PRESS_R
ELEASE_%20BPS.pdf   
(l) 
Press release headed “Banca Popolare di Sondrio sells € 173.7 million of bad loans through 
the multi-originator securitisation “Luzzatti Pop Npls 2023” dated 28 December 2023 
Entire Document 
The document is available at the following link:  
http://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/documents/COMUNICATO%20STAMPA%20
CESSIONE%20SOFFERENZE%202023%20ENG.pdf       
(m) 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out under the base prospectus approved on 19 
December 2023 
The following table shows, inter alia, the information that can be found in the above-mentioned 
documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Base Prospectus approved on 19 December 2023 
 
Terms and Conditions for 
the Notes in Global Form 
and Annex 1 (Provisions 
for 
the 
Meetings 
of 
Noteholders) 
Pages 103 – 155 
Terms and Conditions for 
the Dematerialised Notes 
and Annex 1 (Provisions 
for 
the 
Meetings 
of 
Noteholders) 
Pages 156 – 205 
The terms and conditions set out under the base prospectus approved on 19 December 2023 are 
available at the following link: https://istituzionale.popso.it/sites/default/files/files/Base-
Prospectus-_2023-12-19.pdf  
The information contained in the documents that is not included in the cross-reference are either not 
relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in the Prospectus. 
The documents incorporated by reference listed above have been published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and 
approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) 
shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base 
Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Any websites save for those listed as documents incorporated by reference above, included in the Base 
Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of the Base Prospectus, except where 
that information has been incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. Other than the information

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
incorporated by reference, the content of these websites has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
competent authority. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to "Form of Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"Applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
The Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The expression Monte Titoli Account 
Holders means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of 
their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book 
entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance with the 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation. The Noteholders of Notes may not require physical 
delivery of the Notes. However, the Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification 
pursuant to Articles 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of the Financial Services Act. 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according to the instructions 
of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account Holders whose 
accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Notes and thereafter credited by such Monte Titoli 
Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the 
beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE, OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme which have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
or more. 
[PRIIPs Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets 
in financial instruments (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
PRIIPs Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 2 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Tranche of Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA and UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to 
be “Applicable”.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 OF SINGAPORE (AS AMENDED OR MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME, THE SFA) - 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined the 
classification of the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] to be (a) capital markets products other 
than: prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and (b) Specified 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]8  
[Date] 
BANCA POPOLARE DI SONDRIO S.P.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): J48C8PCSJVUBR8KCW529 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2024 [and in any 
supplement to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto have been published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).]  
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.)  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the prospectus dated 19 December 2023, which are 
incorporated by reference in the prospectus dated 20 December 2024. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
 
8 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein): (a) do not constitute 
prescribed capital markets products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018 and (b) will be offered in Singapore.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2024 and in any supplement to the 
Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[    ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [ Provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/insert date][Not Applicable]  
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[    ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[    ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[    ] 
 
(N.B. Senior Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent). In the 
case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Notes must 
have a minimum denomination of €150,000 (or 
equivalent). In the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€200,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof.")  
(Note – where multiple denominations above

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
[€150,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
"[€150,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof.") 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€200,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
"[€200,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof.") 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[    ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year] 
(Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, directives and/or requirements 
applicable to the issue of Notes by the Issuer, 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes must have a 
maturity of not less than twelve months and 
Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
maturity of five years). 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate] [subject to interest rate 
step-up as specified in subparagraph 13(g) 
below][ subject to interest rate step-down as 
specified in subparagraph 13(g) below] 
 
[[ ] per cent. to be reset on [ ] [and [ ]] and every 
[ ] anniversary thereafter] 
 
[[[    ] month EURIBOR] +/- [    ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] [subject to interest rate step-up as 
specified in subparagraph 15(m) below][ subject 
to interest rate step-down as specified in 
subparagraph 15(m) below] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15]/[16]below)

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
9. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [    ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount3 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
or vice versa change occurs or cross refer to 
paragraphs 13 and 15 below and identify there] 
[Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call]  
 
[Regulatory Call]  
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes) 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
 
[Investor Put] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
[Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
 
[(see paragraph [19]/[20]/[21]/[22]/[23] below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
12. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/Non-Preferred Senior/Subordinated] 
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[    ] [and [    ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
[For interest step-up/step-down Notes: [ ]% per 
annum commencing on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date until (but not including) 
[date] 
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) [date] 
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) the Maturity Date] ] 
 
3 Redemption shall occur at least 100% of the par value

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount[, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[    ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon) 
(g) 
[Interest 
Rate 
Step-up/Step-
down: 
[Applicable for further details see paragraph 
13(a) above /Not Applicable] 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [  ]] 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] 
(j) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Maturity 
[ ] 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
(n) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
(o) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis: 
(p) 
Determination Dates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
[ ] in each year 
(q) 
Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(r) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Paying Agent/[ ]] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[    ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) 
below/, not subject to adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (b) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Paying 
Agent): 
[[    ] (the Calculation Agent)]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•] month [EURIBOR] 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
(Second day on which the T2 is open prior to the 
start of each Interest Period)

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ]  
(If not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page 
which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)]  
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum 
[For interest step-up/step-down Notes: [ ]% per 
annum commencing on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date until (but not 
including) [date] 
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) [date] 
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) the Maturity Date] 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)  
(k) 
Interest 
Rate 
Step-up/Step-
down: 
[Applicable for further details see paragraph 15 
(i) above /Not Applicable] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[    ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
17. 
Change of Interest Basis Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13 
and 15 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or 
fixed reset rate change occurs) 
− 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods 
to which the change(s) in Interest Basis 
applies]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 10 (Notices) on or prior to the relevant 
Switch Option Expiry Date) 
− 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[       ] 
− 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[       ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 5.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount][Make-whole 
Amount] 
 
[Set out appropriate variable details in this pro 
forma, for example reference obligation]  
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected 
Bond] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time] 
(e) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
− 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
− 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Paying Agent.) 
20. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes) 
(a) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable on redemption for 
regulatory reasons (in the case 
of Subordinated Notes only and 
subject to the prior approval of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, as applicable, and in 
accordance with applicable laws 
and 
regulations, 
including 
Articles 77(b) and 78 of the 
CRR) 
as 
contemplated 
by 
Condition 5.3 (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory 
Call)) and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required 
or if different from that set out in 
Condition 
5.8 
(Early 
Redemption Amounts):  
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
Condition 5.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)] 
21. 
Issuer 
Call 
due 
to 
MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
Condition 5.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)] 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount  
 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount,

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Paying Agent.) 
23. 
Clean-Up Redemption Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Clean-Up Percentage 
[75 per cent. / [   ] per cent.] 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount 
[   ] per Note / [   ] 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
 
[See also paragraph 20 (Regulatory Call:)] 
(Delete this cross-reference unless the Notes are 
Subordinated Notes and the Regulatory Call is 
applicable) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
27. 
Variation:  
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] / [Applicable 
[only] [in relation to a MREL Disqualification 
Event a Tax Event or an Alignment Event (Only 
relevant in the case of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes)/a Regulatory Event, a

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Tax Event or an Alignment Event (Only relevant 
in the case of Subordinated Notes)][and]/[in 
order 
to 
ensure 
the 
effectiveness 
and 
enforceability of Condition 14 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers)] 
(a) 
Notice Period: 
[    ] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION RELATING TO THE NOTES 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
 
By:  .......................................................... 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [specify (i) relevant regulated market 
(for example the Bourse de Luxembourg or the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin) and also 
any third country market, SME growth market 
or MTF, and (ii) if relevant, listing on an 
official list (for example, the official list of 
Euronext Dublin)] with effect from [         ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [specify (i) relevant 
regulated market (for example the Bourse de 
Luxembourg or the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin) and also any third country 
market, SME growth market or MTF, and (ii) if 
relevant, listing on an official list (for example, 
the official list of Euronext Dublin)] with effect 
from [         ].]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses in 
relation 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[         ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected]] to be rated]/[The following ratings 
assigned to the Notes of this type issued under 
the Programme generally:][Not applicable] 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
 
[] (Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider) 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
[Each of [defined terms] / [●] is established in 
the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended 
from time to time, the CRA Regulation) as set 
out in the list of credit rating agencies registered 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the website of the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
the CRA Regulation (for more information 
please visit the European Securities and 
Markets Authority webpage) on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) 
/ 
[●] 
is 
established in the UK and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended from time 
to time, the UK CRA Regulation)] / [have not 
been issued or endorsed by any credit rating 
agency which is established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended from time to time, the 
CRA Regulation) / have not been issued or 
endorsed by any credit rating agency which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended from time 
to time, the UK CRA Regulation)]. 
(Include the relevant wording as applicable 
depending on the relevant rating agency 
assigning a rating to the Notes issued). 
3. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) Use of Proceeds: 
 
[General funding purposes of the BPS Group] /  
[The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes 
will be used to finance or refinance, in whole or 
in part, new or existing Green Eligible Green 
Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible 
Sustainable Projects (as defined in the “Use of 
Proceeds” section)] / []. 
(If the Notes are denominated “Green Bonds”, 
“Social Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds” 
describe the relevant Eligible Green Projects, 
Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable 
Projects to which the net proceeds of the Notes 
will be applied or make reference to the 
relevant bond framework to which the net

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
proceeds of the Notes will be applied.) 
(Applicable only in the case of securities to be 
classified as “Green Bonds”. If not applicable, 
delete this paragraph.)  
[Further 
details 
on 
[Eligible 
Green 
Projects]/[Eligible Social Projects]/[Eligible 
Sustainable Projects] are included in the 
[Framework Agreement], that will be made 
available, [together with the Second Party 
Opinion,] on the Issuer’s website in the investor 
relations 
section 
at 
https://istituzionale.popso.it/en/investor-
relations/financial-operations] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus)” 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[    ] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the 
[Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Notes has an interest 
material 
to 
the 
offer. 
The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the 
Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business - Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]  
 
[(When adding any other description, 
consideration should be given as to 
whether 
such 
matters 
described 
constitute "significant new factors" and 
consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.)] 
 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[    ] / [Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[    ]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]  
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Monte Titoli and the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
[(viii) Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes/No] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
settled through Monte Titoli and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria]  
/ 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria could be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA not 
applicable 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the 
UK, "Applicable" should be specified.). 
 
(viii) 
[Singapore 
Sales 
to 
Institutional 
Investors 
and 
Accredited Investors only:] 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]4 
 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
(x) 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes 
 
4 Delete this line item where Notes are not offered into Singapore Include this line item where Notes are offered into Singapore. Indicate 
“Applicable” if Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore only. Indicate “Not Applicable” if Notes are 
also offered to investors other than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
are calculated by reference to [insert name(s) of 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by 
[insert name(s) of the administrator(s) – if more 
than one, specify in relation to each relevant 
benchmark] 
(xi) 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
Article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
name(s) of the administrator(s)] [is/are] [not] 
included in the register of administrators of 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authorities 
[(ESMA)] pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011) [(the BMR)]. [As far as the Issuer 
is aware, [insert name of the benchmark] does 
not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue 
of Article 2 of the BMR such that [insert name 
of the benchmark] is not currently required to 
obtain 
authorization 
or 
registration]/[the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR 
apply, such that [insert name of the benchmark] 
is not currently required to obtain recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence]. (repeat as 
necessary)] 
(if Not Applicable, delete this sub-paragraph)

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
[PRIIPs Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets 
in financial instruments (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
PRIIPs Regulation / PROHIBITION OF SALES UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 5” 
[MIFID II/UK MIFIR product governance / target market - [appropriate target market legend to 
be included]] 
 
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 OF SINGAPORE (AS AMENDED OR MODIFIED FROM TIME TO TIME, THE SFA) - 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined the 
classification of the Notes [(and beneficial interests therein)] to be (a) capital markets products other 
than: prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and (b) Specified 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]8 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
 
5 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Tranche of Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be 
prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA and UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
“Applicable”.  
8 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes (and, if applicable, beneficial interests therein): (a) do not onstitute prescribed capital markets 
products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018 and (b) will be offered in Singapore.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 [Date] 
BANCA POPOLARE DI SONDRIO S.P.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): J48C8PCSJVUBR8KCW529 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €5,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to either of 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the FSMA or to supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to either of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation [or Article 25 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation], in each case, in relation to such offer.]6 
[This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must 
be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 20 December 2024 and any supplement[s] dated 
[date[s]]] thereto (the Base Prospectus). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is 
only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. 
Copies of the Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus 20 December 2024 [and the supplement 
dated [date]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus].] 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.)  
[This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must 
be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 20 December 2024 and any supplement thereto 
(the Base Prospectus). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base 
Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the prospectus dated 19 December 2023, which are 
incorporated by reference in the prospectus dated 20 December 2024].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination [must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[    ] 
 
6  
Do not include if the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” legend is included (because the Notes potentially constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared) and the related selling restriction is specified to be 
“Applicable”.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[    ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date/insert date][Not Applicable]  
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[    ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[    ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[    ] 
(N.B. Senior Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent). In the 
case of Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Notes must 
have a minimum denomination of €150,000 (or 
equivalent). In the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€200,000 (or equivalent)) 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[    ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.)  
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not 
be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for  
 
Floating Rate Notes - Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
 
(Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, directives and/or requirements 
applicable to the issue of Notes by the Issuer, 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes must have a 
maturity of not less than twelve months and 
Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
maturity of five years).

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate] [Subject to interest 
rate step-up as specified in subparagraph 13(g) 
below] [Subject to interest rate step-down as 
specified in subparagraph 13(g) below] 
 
[[ ] per cent. to be reset on [ ] [and [ ] and every [ 
] anniversary thereafter] 
 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [    ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] [Subject to interest rate step-up as 
specified in subparagraph 15(m) below] [Subject 
to interest rate step-down as specified in 
subparagraph 15(m) below] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
 
[specify other] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[specify other] 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 
and 15 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call]  
 
[Regulatory Call] 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes)  
 
[Investor Put] 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes 
or Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
[Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior/ Non-Preferred Senior/Subordinated] 
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[    ] [and [    ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
Interest Payment Date 
 
[For interest step-up/step-down Notes: [ ]% per 
annum commencing on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date until (but not 
including) [date] 
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) [date] 
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) the Maturity 
Date]] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[    ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount[, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[    ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon] 
(g) 
[Rate of Interest Step-up/Step-
down: 
[Applicable for further details see paragraph 
13(a)/Not Applicable] 
 
 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(b) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
(c) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [  ]] 
(e) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to 
(but excluding) the First Reset 
Date: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable]

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
(f) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(g) 
First Reset Date: 
[ ] 
(h) 
Second Reset Date: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] 
(j) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
 [●]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(l) 
Mid-Swap Maturity 
[ ] 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
(n) 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Conversion: 
(o) 
Original Reset Reference Rate 
Payment Basis:  
(p) 
Determination Dates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
[ ] in each year 
(q) 
Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
(r) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Paying Agent/[  ]] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates 
[    ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (b) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business 
Day Convention/[specify other]] [Not 
Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Paying 
Agent): 
[[    ] (the Calculation Agent)]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
 
 [] month [EURIBOR] 
[•]-(Second day on which the T2 is open prior to 
the start of each Interest Period) 
[]] 
(If not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page 
which shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)]  
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum 
[For interest step-up/step-down Notes: [ ]% per 
annum commencing on (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date until (but not 
including) [date] 
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) [date] 
[ ]% per annum commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) the Maturity 
Date]] 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
[Other] 
(k) 
[Interest 
Rate 
Step-up/Step-
down: 
[Applicable for further details see paragraph 15 
(i) above /Not Applicable] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[    ] 
(c) 
Any other formula/basis of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[    ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
17. 
Index Linked Interest Note 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent 
[Paying Agent]/[give name] 
(c) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference 
to 
Index 
and/or 
Formula 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions] 
(d) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[    ] 
(e) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/specify other] 
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[    ] 
(g) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[    ] 
18. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
[[    ] (the Calculation Agent)]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
interest due (if not the Paying 
Agent): 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of Exchange impossible or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions] 
(d) 
Person 
at 
whose 
option 
Specified Currency(ies) is/are 
payable: 
[    ] 
19. 
Change of Interest Basis Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13 
and 15 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or 
fixed reset rate change occurs) 
− 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods 
to which the change(s) in Interest Basis 
applies]/[Not Applicable] 
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 10 (Notices)   on or prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date) 
− 
Switch Option Expiry 
Date: 
[       ] 
− 
Switch Option Effective 
Date: 
[       ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Notice periods for [Condition 5.2 
(Redemption for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
21. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
and 
method, 
if 
any, 
of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/[Make-whole 
Amount/] specify other/see Appendix]  
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/FA Selected 
Bond]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[11.00 a.m. [London/specify other] time] 
(e) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[ ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
− 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
− 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[    ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Paying Agent.) 
22. 
Regulatory Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(N.B. Only relevant in the case of Subordinated 
Notes) 
(a) 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable on redemption for 
regulatory reasons (in the case 
of Subordinated Notes only and 
subject to the prior approval of 
the 
relevant 
Competent 
Authority, as applicable, and in 
accordance with applicable laws 
and 
regulations, 
including 
Articles 77(b) and 78 of the 
CRR) 
as 
contemplated 
by 
Condition 5.3 (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory 
Call)) and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required 
or if different from that set out in 
Condition 
5.8 
(Early 
Redemption Amounts): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
Condition 5.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)] 
23. 
Issuer 
Call 
due 
to 
MREL [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Disqualification Event: 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
24. 
Investor Put: 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Notes or 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount/as set out in 
Condition 5.8 (Early Redemption Amounts)] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[    ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount  
 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Paying Agent.) 
25. 
Clean-Up Redemption Option 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Clean-Up Percentage 
[75 per cent. / [   ] per cent.] 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount 
[   ] per Note / [   ] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
26. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default and/or the method of 
calculating the same (if required): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what 
the Early Redemption Amount should be.)

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
[See also paragraph 22 (Regulatory Call:)] 
(Delete this cross-reference unless the Notes are 
Subordinated Notes and the Regulatory Call is 
applicable) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of 
interest, to which sub-paragraphs 15(c) and 17(f) 
relate) 
29. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and consequences 
(if any) of failure to pay, including any 
right of the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and 
interest due on late payment. 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
30. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
31. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
32. 
Variation of Notes: 
 
[Not Applicable] / [Applicable] / [Applicable 
[only] [in relation to a MREL Disqualification 
Event, a Tax Event or an Alignment Event (Only 
relevant in the case of Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes)/a Regulatory Event, a 
Tax Event or an Alignment Event (Only relevant 
in the case of Subordinated Notes)][and]/[in 
order 
to 
ensure 
the 
effectiveness 
and 
enforceability of Condition 14 (Statutory Loss 
Absorption Powers)] 
(a) 
Notice Period:  
[   ] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [Relevant 
third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
 
By:  .......................................................... 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be listed on [specify market – note this 
must not be an EEA regulated market] with 
effect from [    ].] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)].  
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the 
ratings of the Notes are different to those stated 
in the Base Prospectus)  
3. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
[General funding purposes of the BPS Group] 
/ [The net proceeds from the issue of the Notes 
will be used to finance or refinance, in whole 
or in part, new or existing Green Eligible Green 
Projects or Eligible Social Projects or Eligible 
Sustainable Projects (as defined in the “Use of 
Proceeds” section)] / [].  
(If the Notes are denominated “Green Bonds”, 
“Social Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds” 
describe the relevant Eligible Green Projects, 
Eligible 
Social 
Projects 
or 
Eligible 
Sustainable Projects to which the net proceeds 
of the Notes will be applied or make reference 
to the relevant bond framework to which the 
net proceeds of the Notes will be applied.) 
(Applicable only in the case of securities to be 
classified as “Green Bonds”. If not applicable, 
delete this paragraph.)  
 Further 
details 
on 
[Eligible 
Green 
Projects]/[Eligible Social Projects]/[Eligible 
Sustainable Projects] are included in the 
Framework Agreement], that will be available, 
[together with the Second Party Opinion,] on 
the Issuer’s website in the investor relations 
section 
at 
https://istituzionale.popso.it/en/investor-
relations/financial-operations (See “Use of 
Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus)”

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers named below/Dealers], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business 
– Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]  
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[    ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[    ] /[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Monte Titoli and the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[    ]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes/No] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
settled through Monte Titoli and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria]  
/ 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria could be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA not 
applicable] 
(vi) 
Additional 
selling 
restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely 
to be relevant for certain structured Notes, 
such as commodity-linked Notes) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products and no 
key information document will be prepared in 
the EEA, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian Consumers: 
“packaged” products, or the Notes do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the 
UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
[Singapore 
Sales 
to 
Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only:] 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]7 
 
 
7 Delete this line item where Notes are not offered into Singapore Include this line item where Notes are offered into Singapore. Indicate 
“Applicable” if Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore only. Indicate “Not Applicable” if Notes are 
also offered to investors other than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series of the Notes (the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, the Terms and Conditions or the Conditions or the Notes). The applicable 
Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions 
which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and 
Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such notes. The 
form of final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will complete these Terms and Conditions. 
Reference should be made to "Form of Final Terms" for a description of the content of final terms which 
will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to “Noteholders” or “holders” in relation to any Notes 
shall mean the beneficial owners of the Notes and evidenced in book entry form with Euronext Securities 
Milan (former Monte Titoli S.p.A.) with registered office and principal place of business at Piazza degli 
Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy (Monte Titoli) pursuant to the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree 
No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and in accordance with the 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented from time to time (the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation). No physical 
document of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) are intermediaries authorised to operate 
through Monte Titoli. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A. 
(the Issuer). The Issuer will also act as initial paying agent for the Notes (the Paying Agent), save that 
the Issuer is entitled to appoint a different Paying Agent in accordance with Condition 9 (Agents). 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according to the instructions 
of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account Holders whose 
accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Notes and thereafter credited by such Monte Titoli 
Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the 
beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
In these Terms and Conditions, the expression Monte Titoli Account Holder means any authorised 
financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte 
Titoli and includes any depositary banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
which complete these Terms and Conditions or, if this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to 
trading (i) on a regulated market in the European Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (i) the European Economic Area or (ii) the UK in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be (an Exempt Note), the final terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms 
and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, 
replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References to the form of Final Terms 
are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof). Any 
reference in the Conditions to form of Final Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to applicable 
Pricing Supplement where relevant. The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount 
and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
the form of Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be 
obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
The rights and powers of the Noteholders may only be exercised in accordance with relevant provisions 
for meetings of Noteholders attached to and deemed to form part of these Conditions (the Provisions 
for Meetings of Noteholders). The Noteholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and 
shall have the benefit of, inter alia, the terms of the Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes will be in bearer form and will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the 
beneficial owners by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders 
as of their respective date of issue. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Notes will at all times be evidenced by, and title to the Notes will be established or 
transferred by way of, book-entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services 
Act and in accordance with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Jointed Regulation. No physical 
document of title will be issued in respect of the Notes.  
The Notes are issued in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the 
Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the form of Final Terms, provided that (i) the 
minimum Specified Denomination of each Note which is specified in the form of Final Terms 
as being a Senior Note shall be Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the relevant Notes), (ii) the minimum Specified Denomination of each Note 
which is specified in the form of Final Terms as being a Non-Preferred Senior Note shall be 
Euro 150,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes), and (iii) the minimum Specified Denomination of each Note which is specified in the 
form of Final Terms as being a Subordinated Note shall be Euro 200,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a 
Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
upon the Interest Basis shown in the form of Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Reset Note, a Floating 
Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note 
or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of 
any of the foregoing, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
This Note may also be a Senior Note, a Non-Preferred Senior Note or a Subordinated Note, as 
indicated in the form of Final Terms. 
Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being 
of Monte Titoli. References to the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall 
be to the records for which Monte Titoli acts as depository. References to Monte Titoli, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a 
reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the form of Final 
Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND SUBORDINATION 
The form of Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes, Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, the applicable 
subordination provisions. 
2.1 
Status of the Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer, ranking (subject to any obligations preferred by any applicable law) pari passu with 
all other unsecured obligations (other than obligations ranking junior to the Senior Notes from 
time to time (including Non-Preferred Senior Notes and any further obligations permitted by 
law to rank, or expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Notes, on or following the Issue Date), if 
any) of the Issuer, present and future and pari passu and rateably without any preference among 
themselves.  
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under 
the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note.  
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
2.2 
Status of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
(a) 
The Non-Preferred Senior Notes (being Notes intended to qualify as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the 
Italian Consolidated Banking Act) constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, 
and unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
(ii) 
pari passu without any preference among themselves, with all other present or 
future obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their 
terms to rank junior or senior to the relevant Non-Preferred Senior Notes; and

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(iii) 
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders 
of the Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
(b) 
Each holder of a Non-Preferred Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives 
any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it 
might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Non-
Preferred Senior Note. 
(c) 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
2.3 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
Subject as set out below, the Subordinated Notes (being Notes intended to qualify as 
Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of 
the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza Prudenziale per le Banche, as set out in 
the Bank of Italy Regulations, including any successor regulations, and Article 63 of 
CRR) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and rank:  
(i) 
after all unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders 
of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer and after all 
creditors of the Issuer holding instruments that are or are expressed by their 
terms to be less subordinated than the relevant Subordinated Notes;  
(ii) 
at least pari passu without any preference among themselves and with all other 
present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are not expressed 
by their terms to rank or which do not rank junior or senior to the relevant 
Subordinated Notes, save for those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law; and  
(iii) 
in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to all other present 
and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed 
by their terms to rank junior to the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
In the event the Subordinated Notes of any Series do not qualify or cease to qualify, in 
their entirety, as own funds in the form of Tier 2 capital, such Subordinated Notes shall 
rank subordinated and junior to unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including 
depositors and holders of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) of the Issuer, 
pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer’s obligations in respect of any other 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify or have ceased to qualify, in their 
entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other present and 
future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by 
their terms and/or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank junior or 
senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes (which do not qualify or have so ceased to 
qualify, in their entirety, as own funds in the form of Tier 2 capital) and senior to 
instruments which qualify (in whole or in part) as own fund items (elementi di fondi 
propri). 
(b) 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes all Subordinated Notes of such Series 
will be treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and 
interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
(c) 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right 
of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might 
otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated 
Note. 
(d) 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these Conditions. 
3. 
INTEREST 
3.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 3.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The form 
of Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and 
must be read in conjunction with this Condition 3.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) for full 
information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, 
the form of Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, 
the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable 
Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable 
Determination Date.  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. The Rate of 
Interest may be specified in the form of Final Terms either (i) as the same Rate of Interest for 
all Fixed Interest Periods or (ii) as a different Rate of Interest in respect of one or more Fixed 
Interest Periods. 
Except as provided in the form of Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, 
if so specified in the form of Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or 
first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is 
specified in the form of Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes (or, if they are 
Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up)  
(b) 
and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 3.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the form of Final Terms:

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the form of Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
Fixed Rate Notes (other than Subordinated Notes) may also include interest step-up or step-
down provisions whereby the Rate of Interest payable increases or decreases, respectively, at 
pre-determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per annum (as specified in the form of 
Final Terms for such Notes). 
3.2 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(a) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Reset Note bears interest:  
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest;

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date 
or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the form of Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that 
does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as 
soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to 
Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in 
accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 3.1 (Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes). Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Rate of Interest 
(inclusive of the First or Subsequent Margin) shall not be deemed to be less than zero. 
(b) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion 
This Condition 3.2(b) is only applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will 
be converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement to a basis which 
matches the frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Calculation Agent means the Paying Agent or such other entity designated for such purpose 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
First Margin means the margin specified as such in the form of Final Terms; 
First Reset Date means the date specified in the form of Final Terms; 
First Reset Period means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the form of 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
First Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3.2(c), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin, subject to 
Condition 3.2(b); 
Initial Rate of Interest has the meaning specified in the form of Final Terms; 
Mid-Market Swap Rate means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment 
Basis (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant 
Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the form 
of Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate means EURIBOR and the Specified Currency is 
euro; 
Mid-Swap Rate means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
3.2(c), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the form of Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the form of Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and  
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of 
Notes other than Exempt Notes, the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be 
annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly; 
Rate of Interest means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
Relevant Margin means, in respect of a Reset Period, whichever of the First Margin or the 
Subsequent Margin is applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest in respect 
of such Reset Period; 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant 
Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information 
service or such other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the person

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or 
prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
Reset Date means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date 
(as applicable); 
Reset Determination Date means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
Reset Period means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
Second Reset Date means the date specified in the form of Final Terms; 
Subsequent Margin means the margin specified as such in the form of Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Date means the date or dates specified in the form of Final Terms; 
Subsequent Reset Period means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date; and 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3.2(c) the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin, subject to Condition 3.2(b). 
(c) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the 
Issuer) shall, subject as provided in Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation), request each 
of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be equal to the sum of (A) the last observable 
rate for swaps in the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Margin. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.2(c) Reference Banks means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money,

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected 
by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
3.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
This Condition 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The 
form of Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest 
and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) for 
full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In 
particular, the form of Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any 
Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any 
Additional Business Centres, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not 
the Paying Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count 
Fraction. The form of Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest 
Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page.  
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the form of Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the form of Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the form of Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the 
relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the form of Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3.3 (a) 
(Interest Payment Dates), the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
(a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case 
of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls in the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the 
form of Final Terms;  
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the form of Final Terms, a day 
on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
Floating Rate Notes (other than Subordinated Notes) may also include interest step-up or step-
down provisions whereby the Margin increases or decreases, respectively, at pre-determined 
periods to a pre-determined percentage per annum (as specified in the form of Final Terms for 
such Notes). 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified below. 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject 
to Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation), be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being EURIBOR, as 
specified in the form of Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) 
at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
in the form of Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only 
of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of paragraph (A) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (B) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Paying Agent shall request each 
of the Reference Banks to provide the Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Paying Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Paying Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Paying Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Paying Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Paying Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Paying 
Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) 
informs the Paying Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place 
of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In the case of Exempt Notes, if the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR, the Rate 
of Interest in respect of the Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Unless otherwise stated in the form of Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
Specified Time means 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, for the determination of EURIBOR).

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.3(b) Reference Banks means the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Issuer. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the form of Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the form of Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period.  
The Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest 
(the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes (or, if 
they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up) and multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes): 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the form of Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the form of Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the form 
of Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent (as applicable), the Issuer and any stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first 
day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 10 
(Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Milan 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
10 (Notices). For the purposes of this Condition 3.3(f), the expression Milan Business Day 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for general business in Milan. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3.3(g) by the Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the 
absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent (as 
applicable), all Noteholders and (in the absence of wilful misconduct, gross negligence or fraud) 
no liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders shall attach to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
3.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation  
This Condition 3.4 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Reset 
Note Provisions are specified in the form of Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in Condition 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes) or Condition 3.2 (Interest on Reset Notes), if a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, 
as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3.4(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 
3.4(c) (Adjustment Spread) and whether any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 3.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments)) are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 3.4(a) shall act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with 
the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes (being the Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, or such other party specified in the form of Final Terms) any Paying 
Agent, the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 
3.4. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 3.4(a) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the Issuer (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, provided however that if the Issuer is unable 
or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 3.4(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date 
or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest 
Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in 
respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Rate of Interest or in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) 
shall be determined to be equal to the sum of (A) the last observable rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page and (B) the Relevant Margin. If there has not been a first 
Interest Payment Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
shall be the initial Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for Reset Notes shall be the 
Initial Rate of Interest (as applicable). Where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate 
of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 3.4(a) 
shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 3.4(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) 
(Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as the case may be) acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 3.4(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3.4); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 3.4(c) 
(Adjustment Spread) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 3.4). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 3.4(a) 
(Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset 
Determination Date, as the case may be) acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum 
of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 3.4 and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by 
it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with Condition 3.4(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or 
Reset Determination Date, as the case may be) acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
(and any agency agreement entered into by the Issuer to appoint a different Paying 
Agent in accordance with Condition 9 (Agents), as applicable), including but not 
limited to Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or necessary or 
appropriate to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of 
benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory authority 
(such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 3.4(e) (Notices) and subject (to the extent required) to 
giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or 
non-objection from, the Competent Authority, without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions (and any agency agreement entered 
into by the Issuer to appoint a different Paying Agent in accordance with Condition 9 
(Agents), as applicable) to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 3.4(d), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3.4, no Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any other amendment 
to the terms and conditions of any Series of Notes be made to effect the Benchmark 
Amendments, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of 
Subordinated Notes as “Tier 2” capital at individual or consolidated basis and/or (i) 
result in the exclusion of the relevant Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements or (ii) (in 
the case of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes only) result in the Competent 
Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority treating the Interest Payment Date 
or Reset Date, as the case may be, as the effective maturity date of the Notes, rather 
than the relevant maturity date. In such cases (i) the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, the 
Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Initial Rate of Interest or (iii) in the case of the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect 
of the immediately preceding Reset Period or if the immediately preceding Reset 
Period is the First Reset Period, the First Reset Rate of Interest. If there has not been a 
first Interest Payment Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Notes shall be the initial Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for Reset Notes shall 
be the Initial Rate of Interest (as applicable). 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 3.4 will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 10 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 3.4(a) (Independent 
Adviser) to 3.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 3.2(c) (Fallbacks) and Condition 3.3(b) 
(Rate of Interest) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
(g) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.4: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or 
in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged); or 
(c) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is customarily applied to

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital market transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) in accordance with Condition 3.4(b) (Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate) is customary in market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4(d) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
will, by a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication 
of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each 
case within the following six months; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of its relevant underlying market, within the following six 
months; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful for, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Original Reference Rate. 
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, the Benchmark 
Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference 
Rate, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of 
the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public 
statement; 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Issuer under Condition 3.4(a) (Independent Adviser);

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on 
the Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
is a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
3.5 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, the interest 
payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3.1 (Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes) or Condition 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) above each applicable 
only for the relevant periods specified in the form of Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, and Issuer's 
Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one 
or more occasions, as specified in the form of Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a 
Switch Option), having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10 
(Notices) on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of 
the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise 
specified in the form of Final Terms with effect from (and including) the Switch Option 
Effective Date specified in the form of Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, 
where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the form of Final Terms, up 
to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch 
Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a 
Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective form (and including) the relevant 
Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option 
Effective Date is specified as applicable in the form of Final Terms, up to and excluding the 
next following Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is 
exercised), and (C) where a Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch 
Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and 
the Interest Basis shall not change. 
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified as 
such in the form of Final Terms provided that any date specified in the form of Final Terms as 
a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
Switch Option having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in accordance 
with Condition 10 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date.  
3.6 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes, if the Reference Rate from 
time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR, 
the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed 
Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the 
provisions of Condition 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) shall, save to the extent amended 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate Notes 
and to the Paying Agent were references to Index Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation 
Agent, respectively, and provided further that the Calculation Agent will notify the Paying 
Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after 
calculating the same. 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 3.1 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) or Condition 3.3 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) above each 
applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, and 
Issuer's Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, the 
Issuer may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, at its 
option (any such option, a Switch Option), having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 10 (Notices) on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the 
Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or 
as otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement with effect from (and including) 
the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, up to and excluding the next following Switch 
Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect 
of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change 
will be effective form (and including) the relevant Switch Option Effective Date until the 
Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option 
Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch 
Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall 
no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified as 
such in the applicable Pricing Supplement provided that any date specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the 
exercise of the relevant Switch Option having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Condition and in accordance with Condition 10 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option 
Expiry Date. 
3.7 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) 
will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal 
is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until the date 
on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
4.1 
Payments to Noteholders 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according to the 
instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account 
Holders whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Notes and thereafter credited 
by such Monte Titoli Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes 
or through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
4.2 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by Monte Titoli crediting the euro accounts of the 
relevant intermediaries, on behalf of the Noteholders, as evidenced in Monte Titoli’s 
records. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 
(Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.  
4.3 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits):

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
(i) 
in Milan; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre specified in the form of Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the T2 is open. 
4.4 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 6 (Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 6 (Taxation). 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
5.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer (i) at least at par in case of Fixed Rate Notes, Reset Notes, Floating 
Rate Notes and Zero Coupon Notes, as specified in the form of Final Terms in the relevant 
Specified Currency and on the Maturity Date specified in the form of Final Terms (ii) in the 
case of Exempt Notes, at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
5.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 5.7, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but subject, in 
the case of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, to the provisions of Condition 5.14 
and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the provisions of Condition 5.15) in whole, but not 
in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
than the maximum period of notice specified in the form of Final Terms to Monte Titoli, the 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 10 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if a Tax Event occurs, provided that no such notice of redemption shall 
be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to 
pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.2, the Issuer 
shall make available to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of 
the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading thereto and 
(ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment and the Paying Agent shall be entitled to accept such documents as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5.2, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5.2. Notes redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 5.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 
5.8 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption.  
A Tax Event is deemed to have occurred if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes (in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, in respect of payments of interest only), the Issuer has or will become obliged to 
pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 6 as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of, or applicable in, a Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 6), or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective after the date on 
which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, provided that in the 
case of any redemption of Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date, under the relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements (as 
defined in Condition 5.14) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the relevant 
Competent Authority that such change or amendment is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer as at the date of the issue of the first tranche of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes; and (ii) in the case of any redemption of Senior Notes and Non-
Preferred Senior Notes, the Issuer is compliant with any conditions to such redemption 
prescribed by the MREL Requirements at the relevant times (including any requirements 
applicable to such redemption due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements); and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it. 
5.3 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) 
This Condition 5.3 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being 
Subordinated Notes. 
If Regulatory Call is specified in the form of Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer (subject to the provisions of Condition 5.15), in whole, but not in part, at 
any time (if the Note is neither a Floating Rate Note, an Index Linked Interest Note nor a Dual 
Currency Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating Rate

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
Note, an Index Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note), on giving not less than 
15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 10 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if a Regulatory 
Event occurs. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 5.3, the Issuer 
shall make available to the Noteholders a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the 
Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading thereto and the 
Paying Agent shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction 
of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Noteholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5.3, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5.3. Notes redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 5.3 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 
5.8 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
A Regulatory Event is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion 
from “Tier 2” capital at individual or consolidated basis (in whole or in part), provided 
that, in case of exclusion in part, such exclusion is not as a result of amortisation or any 
limits on the amount of “Tier 2” capital applicable to the Issuer and, in respect of any 
redemption of the relevant Subordinated Notes proposed to be made prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Competent 
Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates 
to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that the change in the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at 
the date of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
5.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 5.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date 
at the option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons or for regulatory reasons), such option 
being referred to as an Issuer Call. The form of Final Terms contains provisions applicable to 
any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 5.4 for full information on 
any Issuer Call. In particular, the form of Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption 
Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which 
can be redeemed and the applicable notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, the Issuer may (subject 
to, in the case of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes, Condition 5.14 and, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, the provisions of Condition 5.15), having given not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the form of Final 
Terms to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 10 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and 
at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the form of Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the form of Final Terms.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal 
amount of the Notes stated in the form of Final Terms or, if a Make-whole Amount is specified 
in the form of Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Issuer (or by an agent appointed 
by the Issuer to calculate the amount on its behalf) equal to the higher of: 
(a) 
100 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or 
(b) 
the sum of the present values of the nominal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and 
the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the 
Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Optional Redemption Date on an annual 
basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 or (in the case of a 
leap year) 366) at the Reference Bond Rate (as defined below), plus the specified 
Redemption Margin, 
plus in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but 
excluding, the Optional Redemption Date. 
In these Conditions: 
FA Selected Bond means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes 
that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency 
as the Notes and of a comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
Financial Adviser means an independent and internationally recognised financial adviser 
selected by the Issuer; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the form of Final Terms; 
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the form of Final Terms or the FA Selected Bond; 
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, (a) the arithmetic 
average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, 
after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or 
(b) if the Paying Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to the Optional Redemption Date, the rate per 
annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated 
yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for 
the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference 
Bond Price for such Optional Redemption Date; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of the five banks selected by the Issuer, or 
their affiliates, which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (b) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the Optional Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Paying Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified 
in the form of Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Paying Agent by 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note determined on the 
basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certifications, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5.4 by the Issuer (or by 
an agent appointed by the Issuer to calculate the amount on its behalf), shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent and all Noteholders. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed pursuant to this Condition 
5.4 will be redeemed in compliance with applicable law and the rules of Monte Titoli, and the 
Optional Redemption Amount will be divided among all the Noteholders of the relevant Series 
pro rata to the principal amount outstanding of the Notes then held by the individual 
Noteholders. 
5.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)  
This Condition 5.5 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes. 
This Condition 5.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date 
at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an Investor Put. The form of 
Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 5.5 for full information on any Investor Put. In particular, the form of Final 
Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and 
the applicable notice periods. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 10 (Notices) not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the form of Final 
Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the 
notice period, deliver to the Issuer and the Paying Agent a duly completed and signed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any 
Paying Agent. At least 5 Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption Date, the Issuer and 
the Paying Agent shall notify Monte Titoli of the amount of Notes to be redeemed on the 
Optional Redemption Date and the aggregate Optional Redemption Amount. 
Any notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 5.5 shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice 
given pursuant to this Condition 5.5 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 8. 
5.6 
Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 5.6 applies only to Notes specified in the form of Final Terms as being Senior 
Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
In respect of any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes where Issuer Call due 
to MREL Disqualification Event is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, 
then the Issuer may (subject to the provisions of Condition 5.14) on any Interest Payment Date 
(if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), or at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the form of Final Terms to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
10 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), the Noteholders, redeem all (but not some 
only) of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount as described in 
Condition 5.8 below (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption, if the Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification Event has occurred and is 
continuing. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Paying Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the 
facts leading thereto and the Paying Agent shall be entitled to accept such certificate as 
sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event 
it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 5.6, the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 5.6. Notes redeemed pursuant to 
this Condition 5.6 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 
5.7 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
5.7 
Clean-up redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If Clean-Up Redemption Option is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, 
and if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the relevant form of Final Terms (the 
Clean-Up Percentage) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes any additional Notes issued subsequently and 
forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been 
redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, then the Issuer may at any 
time, at its option, and having given to the Paying Agent and the Noteholders not less than 5 
nor more than 30 calendar days' notice (the Clean-Up Redemption Notice), in accordance with 
Condition 10 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their clean-up 
redemption amount (the Clean-Up Redemption Amount) together, if appropriate, with 
accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption 
identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice. 
5.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 5.2, Condition 5.3, Condition 5.6 above and Condition 8:  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where:

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the form of Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and 
the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be 
equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365).  
5.9 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes 
may be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. For the purposes of Condition 5.2, Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency 
Interest Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date.  
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early 
Redemption Amount of Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
5.10 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 5.14 in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes and 
Condition 5.15 in respect of Subordinated Notes, the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may 
purchase Notes at any price in the open market or otherwise. If purchases are made by tender, 
tenders must be available to all Noteholders alike. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, 
at the option of the purchaser, cancelled. 
Subordinated Notes may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries, provided 
that and to the extent permitted by the relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements (as defined in 
Condition 5.15) at the relevant time the Notes to be purchased (a) do not exceed the lower of 
(i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Competent 
Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Series of the 
Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required 
by the Competent Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes qualified on issue as "Tier 2 capital" for regulatory capital purposes of the 
Issuer from time to time outstanding and (b) are not purchased in order to be surrendered to any 
Paying Agent for cancellation.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
5.11 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Notes so cancelled and any Notes 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5.10 above cannot be reissued or resold. 
5.12 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.4 or 5.5 above or upon its becoming due 
and repayable as provided in Condition 8 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due 
and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided 
in Condition 5.8(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption 
or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by 
references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Paying Agent and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10 (Notices). 
5.13 
Italian Civil Code 
The Notes are not subject to Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code nor, to the extent applicable, 
to Article 1819 of the Italian Civil Code. 
5.14 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes 
Any redemption or purchase of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes in accordance 
with Conditions 5.2, 5.4, 5.6, 5.7 or 5.10 or Condition 11 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any modification or variation in accordance with Condition 11) is subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the MREL 
Requirements at the relevant time (including any requirements applicable to such redemption 
or repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes at 
such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements) and, including, as 
relevant, the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant 
Resolution Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following 
conditions is met: 
(a) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the relevant Notes with own funds instruments or eligible liabilities 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
laid down in the Regulatory Capital Requirements by a margin that the Relevant 
Resolution Authority, in agreement with the Competent Authority, considers 
necessary; or

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Resolution Authority 
that the partial or full replacement of the relevant Notes with own funds instruments is 
necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the 
Regulatory Capital Requirements for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time 
to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements. 
The Relevant Resolution Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period 
which shall not exceed one year, which may be renewed up to one year per time, to redeem or 
purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, 
in the limit of a predetermined amount, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption 
or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the 
preceding paragraph. 
5.15 
Conditions to Early Redemption and Purchase of Subordinated Notes 
Any redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 5.2, 5.3, 5.4, 
5.7 or 5.10 or Condition 11 (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation 
in accordance with Condition 11) is subject to compliance with the then applicable Regulatory 
Capital Requirements, including, as relevant, for the avoidance of doubt: 
(a) 
the Issuer giving notice to the relevant Competent Authority and such Competent 
Authority granting prior permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated 
Notes (in each case subject to, and in accordance with, the manner required by the 
relevant Regulatory Capital Requirements, including Articles 77 and 78 of CRR, as 
amended or replaced from time to time), where either: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer having 
replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent Authority that 
its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or 
purchase, exceed the minimum requirements (including any capital buffer 
requirements) required under the Regulatory Capital Requirements by a 
margin that the Competent Authority considers necessary at such time; and 
(b) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 
of 7 January 2014, as amended from time to time: 
(i) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.2 (Redemption for tax 
reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Competent 
Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated 
Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.3 (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)), if a Regulatory Event occurs; or 
(iii) 
on or before such redemption or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer having 
replaced the Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Competent Authority having permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and 
justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(iv) 
the Notes being repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may 
be applicable from time to time under the Regulatory Capital Requirements for the time 
being. 
The Competent Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which 
shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower 
of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Competent 
Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Series of the 
Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required 
by the Competent Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount 
of the Tier 2 instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that 
any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters (i) 
or (ii) of sub-paragraph (a) of the preceding paragraph. 
In these Conditions: 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including by the BRRD II); 
BRRD II means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
Competent Authority means the Bank of Italy and/or, to the extent applicable in any relevant 
situation, the European Central Bank or any successor or replacement entity to either, or other 
authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the 
Issuer. 
CRD IV Package means, taken together (i) the CRD IV Directive, (ii) the CRR and (iii) the 
Future Capital Instruments Regulations; 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing 
Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by CRD V Directive); 
CRD V Directive means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, 
financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory 
measures and powers and capital conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to 
time; 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No. 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
amending Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time (including 
by CRR II); 
CRR II means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net 
stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time 
to time; 
Future Capital Instruments Regulations means any regulatory capital rules or regulations 
introduced after the Issue Date by the Competent Authority or which are otherwise applicable 
to the Issuer (on a solo or, if relevant, consolidated basis), which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds of the Issuer (on a consolidated basis) to the 
extent required by (i) the CRR or (ii) the CRD IV Directive; 
Group Entity means the Issuer or any legal person that is part of the BPS Group; 
Loss Absorption Power means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing 
from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements, whether relating to the 
resolution or independent of any resolution action, of credit institutions, investment firms 
and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State in effect and applicable in the 
relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group Entities , including (but not limited to) any 
such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within 
the context of any European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of 
the Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms and/or within the context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or 
otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or Group 
Entities can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or 
any other person;  
MREL Disqualification Event means that at any time, all or part of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of such Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes is or will be 
excluded fully or partially from eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements, 
provided that: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Senior Notes or of Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
from the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Senior Notes or Non-
Preferred Senior Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder, does not constitute an 
MREL Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Notes from 
the MREL Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Senior Notes within 
a prescribed exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for eligible liabilities 
does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion of all or some of a 
Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes from MREL Requirements as a result of 
such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is 
funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not constitute an MREL Disqualification Event; 
MREL Requirements means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards 
and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss-
absorbing capacity instruments applicable to the Issuer and/or the BPS Group, from time to 
time, (including any applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy, a

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
relevant Competent Authority, a Relevant Resolution Authority or the European Banking 
Authority from time to time (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the BPS Group), as any of the preceding 
laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, policies or interpretations may be 
amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
Regulatory Capital Requirements means any requirements contained in the regulations, 
rules, guidelines and policies of the Competent Authority, or of the European Parliament and 
Council then in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to capital adequacy and applicable to 
the Issuer and/or the BPS Group from time to time (including, any applicable transitional 
provisions), including, but not limited to, as at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, 
the rules contained in, or implementing, the CRD IV Package and the BRRD, delegated or 
implementing acts adopted by the European Commission and guidelines issued by the European 
Banking Authority; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution 
Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation and/or any other authority entitled to 
exercise or participate in the exercise of any Resolution Power or Loss Absorption Power from 
time to time; 
Resolution Power means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing 
from time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution 
of the Issuer, including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation;  
SRM Regulation means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution 
of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a SRM and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from 
time to time (including by SRM II Regulation); and 
SRM II Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalisation capacity of credit institution capacity of credit institutions and investment 
firms. 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.  
In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that 
the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes after such withholding or deduction shall 
equal the respective amounts of principal and interest, in the case of Senior Notes or Non 
Preferred Senior Notes (if permitted by the MREL Requirements), or interest only, in the case 
of Subordinated Notes which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes in 
the absence of such withholding or deduction, except that no such additional amounts shall be 
payable:  
(a) 
with respect to any Notes for or on account of imposta sostitutiva (at the then applicable 
rate of tax) pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 and in all 
circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Legislative Decree No. 239 have not

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
been met or complied with except where such procedures have not been met or 
complied with due to the actions of omissions of the Issuer or its agents; 
(b) 
with respect to any Note presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer; or 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of 
such Note by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction 
other than the mere holding of such Note; or  
(iii) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Note by making or procuring a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption; or  
(iv) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount 
on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4.6); or 
(v) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian 
resident individual, to the extent that interest or any other amount is paid to a 
non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is 
resident in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with the Italian authorities; or 
(c) 
in respect of any Note where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to 
Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time; or 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed on a payment pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder or any official interpretations thereof or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein:  
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy (Italy) or any political subdivision of any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax; and  
(ii) 
Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, 
if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Paying 
Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 10 (Notices). 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within 
a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6) therefor.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
8. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
With respect to any Senior Note, Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Subordinated Note, if the 
Issuer shall be liquidated (including becoming subject to Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa 
as defined in the Italian Consolidated Banking Act), then any holder of a Senior Note, Non-
Preferred Senior Note or Subordinated Note may, by written notice to the Issuer and at the 
specified office of the Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Paying 
Agent, declare any Senior Note, Non-Preferred Senior Note or Subordinated Note held by the 
holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and 
payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the non-payment by the Issuer of any amount due and payable under these Notes, or 
the taking of any crisis prevention measure or crisis management measure in relation to the 
Issuer in accordance with the BRRD, is not an event of default. 
No Event of Default for the Notes shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency 
proceeding in respect of the Issuer (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) 
or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute an 
Event of Default for the Notes for any purpose). 
9. 
AGENTS 
The Issuer will act as initial paying agent for the Notes and the name of the Issuer will be 
included in the applicable Final Terms as Paying Agent. 
The Issuer is entitled to terminate its role as Paying Agent and appoint an additional or other 
Paying Agent, in each case under the terms of an agency agreement in a customary form, 
provided that there will at all times be a Paying Agent. 
10. 
NOTICES 
For so long as the Notes are held through Monte Titoli, all notices regarding the Notes will be 
deemed to be validly given if published through the systems of Monte Titoli, and if and for so 
long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's website (www.luxse.com). It is expected that any such publication in a 
newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger Wort or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The Issuer 
shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will 
be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers.  
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with 
the Paying Agent. 
11. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The provisions for the meetings of Noteholders (including by way of conference call or by use 
of videoconference platform) attached as Annex 1 (Provisions for the Meetings of Noteholders) 
to these Conditions (the Provisions for the Meetings of Noteholders) contains provisions for 
convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests,

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes or these 
Conditions. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by the Issuer 
if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution is two or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of 
which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or these Conditions 
(including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect 
of the Notes, or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or amending in certain respects), 
the quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders 
will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting, and 
whether or not they voted on the resolution. 
The Provisions for the Meetings of Noteholders provide that a resolution in writing signed by 
or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may 
be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on 
behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
The Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders to: 
(i) 
any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach 
of, any of the provisions of the Notes that is in the sole opinion of the Issuer not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest 
error including without limitation where required in order to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of the Conditions (and any agency agreement entered 
into by the Issuer to appoint a different Paying Agent in accordance with Condition 9 (Agents), 
as applicable) to give effect to any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as 
otherwise set out in Condition 3.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall not require the consent 
of the Noteholders, subject (to the extent required) to the Issuer giving any notice required to 
be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the Competent 
Authority. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 10 (Notices) as 
soon as practicable thereafter. 
In addition, with respect to (i) any Series of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, if at 
any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs, and if Variation is specified as being 
applicable in the form of Final Terms, or (ii) any Series of Subordinated Notes, if at any time a 
Regulatory Event occurs, and if Variation is specified as being applicable in the form of Final 
Terms, or (iii) all Notes, if at any time a Tax Event and/or an Alignment Event occurs, and if 
Variation is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, or (iv) all Notes, if 
Variation is specified as being applicable in the form of Final Terms, in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers), then the

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving consent required 
from the Competent Authority and/or as appropriate the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
(without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Notes of 
that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to Monte Titoli, 
the Paying Agent and the holders of the Notes of that Series (or such other notice periods as 
may be specified in the Form of Final Terms), at any time vary the terms of such Notes so that 
they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, provided that Qualifying Senior 
Notes, Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes or Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as 
applicable, shall not, immediately following such variation, be subject to a MREL 
Disqualification Event, a Regulatory Event and/or a Tax Event, as applicable.  
In these Conditions: 
An Alignment Event will be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a change in or 
amendment to the Regulatory Capital Requirements or interpretation thereof, at any time after 
the Issue Date, the Issuer would be able to issue a capital instrument qualifying (i) in the case 
of Senior Notes or Non-Preferred Senior Notes, as eligible liabilities under the then applicable 
MREL Requirements, or (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, as Tier 2 Capital, which, in 
each case, contains one or more provisions that are, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, 
different in any material respect from those contained in these Conditions. 
 
Qualifying Non-Preferred Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Non-Preferred Senior Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of 
the Non-Preferred Senior Notes and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such 
time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s 
and/or the BPS Group’s (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) have a ranking 
at least equal to that of the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (C) have at least the same 
interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying 
to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Non-
Preferred Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued 
but unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the event the Notes carry 
a rating immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or maintain) the same or 
higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Non-Preferred Senior Notes 
immediately prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers); 
and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Non-Preferred Senior Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation. 
Qualifying Senior Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Senior Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the Senior 
Notes and they shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s and/or the BPS Group’s (as 
applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the then 
applicable MREL Requirements; (B) have a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior 
Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as 
those from time to time applying to the Senior Notes; (D) have the same redemption 
rights as the Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the event the 
Notes carry a rating immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or maintain) the 
same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Notes immediately 
prior to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 14 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 (Statutory 
Loss Absorption Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes and they shall also (A) comply with the then-current requirements 
of the Regulatory Capital Requirements in relation to Tier 2 capital, (B) have a ranking 
at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have at least the same interest rate 
and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the 
Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; 
(E) preserve any existing rights under the Notes to any accrued interest but unpaid 
interest in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the date of variation; and (F) in the event the Notes carry a 
rating immediately prior to such variation, are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher 
solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior 
to such variation, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 14 (Statutory Loss Absorption Powers); and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation. 
Provision for the Meetings of Noteholders are attached to, and form an integral part of, these 
Conditions. References in these Conditions to the Provisions for the meetings of Noteholders 
include such provisions as from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions 
contained therein and any agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
For avoidance of doubt, any modification or variation pursuant to this Condition 11 is subject 
to the provisions of Condition 5.14 (in respect of Senior Notes and Non-Preferred Senior Notes) 
and Condition 5.15 (in respect of Subordinated Notes). 
12. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create 
and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from 
which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
13. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
13.1 
Governing law 
The Terms and Conditions, the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with any of the above are governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian 
law.  
13.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating 
to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes (a Dispute) 
and accordingly each of the Issuer and any Noteholders in relation to any Dispute submits to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Milan. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 13.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the courts of Milan 
on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
13.3 
Other documents  
The Issuer has submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Milan. 
14. 
STATUTORY LOSS ABSORPTION POWERS 
By the acquisition of the Notes, each Noteholder acknowledges and agrees to be bound by the 
exercise of any Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority that may result 
in the write-down or cancellation of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions 
on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, or distributions 
on, the Notes into ordinary shares or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including 
by means of a variation to the terms of the Notes to give effect to the exercise by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority of such Loss Absorption Power. Each Noteholder further agrees that the 
rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if necessary so as to give effect to, 
the exercise of any Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Upon the Issuer being informed and notified by the Relevant Resolution Authority of the actual 
exercise of the date from which the Loss Absorption Power is effective with respect to the 
Notes, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders without delay. Any delay or failure by the Issuer 
to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Loss Absorption Power nor 
the effects on the Notes described in this Condition nor constitute an Event of Default under 
the Notes. 
The exercise of the Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect 
to the Notes shall not constitute an Event of Default and these Terms and Conditions shall 
continue to apply in relation to the residual principal amount of, or outstanding amount payable 
with respect to, the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of distributions payable to 
reflect the reduction of the principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the 
Relevant Resolution Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations 
relating to the resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities 
incorporated in the relevant Member State.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
relating to the application of any Loss Absorption Power to the Notes.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
ANNEX 1 TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
PROVISIONS FOR THE MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
In the Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
Blocked Notes means the Notes which have been blocked in an account with the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holder not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting for 
the purpose of obtaining from the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder a Voting Certificate 
on the terms that any such Notes will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder of the relevant Voting 
Certificate; 
Chairman means, in relation to any Meeting, the individual who takes the chair in accordance 
with paragraph 6 (Chairman); 
Extraordinary Resolution means a resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with this Provisions for the Meetings of Noteholders by the majority specified under 
paragraph 7 (Quorum); 
Meeting means a meeting of Noteholders (whether originally convened or resumed following 
an adjournment); 
Proxy means, in relation to any Meeting, the certificate issued by the Noteholder (through the 
relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder), delivered to the Issuer, which authorises a designated 
duly authorised physical person to vote on its behalf in respect of the relevant Blocked Notes; 
certifying that the votes attributable to such Blocked Notes are to be cast in a particular way on 
each resolution to be put to the Meeting and that during the period of 48 hours before the time 
fixed for the Meeting such instructions may not be amended or revoked. So long as a Proxy is 
valid, the named therein as Proxy Holder, shall be considered to be the holder of the Notes to 
which such Proxy refers for all purposes in connection with the Meeting; 
Proxy Holder means, in relation to a Meeting, an individual who has the right to vote in relation 
to a Blocked Note pursuant to a Proxy, in any case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holder, the Paying Agent or the Chairman has been notified in 
writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for such 
Meeting; and 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a 
quorum and who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
Relevant Fraction means: 
(a) 
for all business other than voting on an Extraordinary Resolution, one tenth or at any 
adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing the majority of the 
Noteholders attending at the relevant meeting whatever the nominal amount of the 
Notes so held or represented;

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
(b) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution other than one relating to a Reserved 
Matter, is two or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
meeting two or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal 
amount of the Notes so held or represented; and 
(c) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, two or more 
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting such meeting two Voters 
representing or holding not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding. 
Reserved Matter means any proposal: 
(a) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to 
reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes 
or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes 
on redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment; 
(b) 
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes 
into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person 
or body corporate formed or to be formed; 
(c) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(d) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(e) 
to amend this definition; 
Voter means, in relation to any Meeting, the bearer of a Voting Certificate or a Proxy; 
Voting Certificate means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate requested by any Noteholder 
and issued by the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the CONSOB and 
Bank of Italy Joined Regulation in which it is stated: 
(a) 
that the Blocked Notes will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of such certificate to relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder; and 
(b) 
the number of the Blocked Notes; and 
(c) 
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote, also by way of Proxy, 
at the Meeting in respect of the Blocked Notes; 
So long as a Voting Certificate is valid, the bearer thereof or the named therein as holder of the 
Blocked Notes shall be considered to be the holder of the Notes to which such Voting 
Certificate refers for all purposes in connection with the Meeting; 
Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders of not less 
than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding who for the time being are entitled 
to receive notice of a Meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Provisions for the

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
Meetings of Noteholders, whether contained in one document or several documents in the same 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more such holders of the Notes; 
24 hours means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day upon which banks are open 
for business in both the places where the relevant Meeting is to be held and in each of the places 
where the Paying Agent(s) have their specified offices (disregarding for this purpose the day 
upon which such Meeting is to be held) and such period shall be extended by one period or, to 
the extent necessary, more periods of 24 hours until there is included as aforesaid all or part of 
a day upon which banks are open for business as aforesaid; and 
48 hours means 2 consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
2. 
DEPOSIT OF VOTING CERTIFICATES 
In order to be admitted to participate in a Meeting, Noteholders must deposit their Voting 
Certificates with the Paying Agent not later than 48 hours before the relevant Meeting. If a 
Voting Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid unless the 
Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeding to discuss the items on the agenda. 
A Proxy shall be valid only if it is deposited, along with the related Voting Certificate(s) at the 
office of the Paying Agent, or at any other place approved by the Paying Agent, not later than 
48 hours before the relevant Meeting. If a Proxy is not deposited before such deadline, it shall 
not be valid unless the Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeding to discuss 
the items on the agenda. 
References to the blocking or release of the Notes shall be construed in accordance with the 
usual practices (including blocking the relevant account) of the relevant clearing system. 
3. 
VALIDITY OF VOTING CERTIFICATES AND PROXIES 
The Voting Certificates and Proxies shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Notes to 
which they relate.  
4. 
CONVENING OF MEETING 
The Issuer may convene a Meeting at any time, and shall be obliged to do so upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than 10 (ten) per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. 
5. 
NOTICE 
At least 21 days notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on 
which the relevant Meeting is to be held) specifying the date, time and place of the Meeting 
shall be given to the Noteholders and the Paying Agent (with a copy to the Issuer). The notice 
shall set out the full text of any resolutions to be proposed and shall state that the Notes may be 
deposited with the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder for the purposes of obtaining the 
Voting Certificates from such relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder or appointing Proxies not 
later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting.  
6. 
CHAIRMAN 
An individual (who may, but need not, be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer may 
take the chair at any Meeting but, if no such nomination is made or if the individual nominated 
is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the Meeting, those present shall elect

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
one of themselves to take the chair failing which, the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The 
Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the same person as was the Chairman of the 
original Meeting. 
7. 
QUORUM 
The quorum at any Meeting shall be at least two Voters representing or holding not less than 
the Relevant Fraction of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes.  
8. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
If within 15 minutes after the time fixed for any Meeting a quorum is not present, then: 
(a) 
in the case of a Meeting requested by Noteholders, it shall be dissolved; and 
(b) 
in the case of any other Meeting, it shall be adjourned for such period (which shall be 
not less than 14 days and not more than 42 days) and to such place as the Chairman 
determines; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer so decides; and 
(ii) 
no Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum. 
9. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
The Chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any Meeting, adjourn such 
Meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any 
adjourned Meeting except business which might lawfully have been transacted at the Meeting 
from which the adjournment took place. 
10. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
Paragraph 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for 
want of a quorum save that: 
(a) 
10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on 
which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
(b) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the 
Meeting resumes. 
It shall not be necessary to give notice of the resumption of a Meeting which has been adjourned 
for any other reason. 
11. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) 
Voters; 
(b) 
representatives of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the financial advisers of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the legal counsel to the Issuer;

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
(e) 
the Paying Agent; and 
(f) 
any other person approved by the Meeting. 
12. 
SHOW OF HANDS 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be considered as a resolution and decided in the 
first instance by a show of hands. Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that 
the result is declared, the Chairman's declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been 
passed, passed by a particular majority, rejected or rejected by a particular majority shall be 
conclusive, without proof of the number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution. 
13. 
POLL 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer or one or more 
Voters representing or holding not less than one fiftieth of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes. The poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as the 
Chairman directs, but any poll demanded on the election of the Chairman or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the Meeting without adjournment. A valid demand for a poll shall 
not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business as the Chairman 
directs. 
14. 
VOTES 
Every Voter shall have: 
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
(b) 
on a poll, the number of votes obtained by dividing that fraction of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Note(s) represented or held by it by the lowest 
denomination of the Notes. 
In the case of a voting tie the Chairman shall have a casting vote. 
Unless the terms of any Proxy or a Voting Certificate state otherwise, a Voter shall not be 
obliged to exercise all the votes to which it is entitled or to cast all the votes which it exercises 
in the same way. 
15. 
VOTING BY PROXY OR VOTING CERTIFICATE 
Revocation of the appointment under a Proxy or a Voting Certificate shall be valid only if the 
Monte Titoli Account Holder or the Paying Agent or the Chairman is notified in writing of such 
revocation not later than 24 hours prior to the time set for the Meeting. Unless revoked, the 
appointment to vote contained in a Proxy or a Voting Certificate for a Meeting shall remain 
valid also in relation to a Meeting resumed following an adjournment, unless such Meeting was 
adjourned pursuant to Article 9 above. If a Meeting is adjourned pursuant to paragraph 8 
(Adjournment for Want of Quorum) above, each person appointed to vote in such Meeting shall 
have to be appointed again by virtue of another Proxy or Voting Certificate. 
The Proxy shall be signed by the person granting the Proxy, shall not be granted in blank, and 
shall bear the date, the name of the person appointed to vote, and the related Proxies. If, in 
relation to any given resolution, there is no indication of how the right to vote is to be exercised, 
then such vote shall be deemed to be an abstention from voting on such proposed resolution.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
16. 
POWERS 
A Meeting shall have power (exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution), without prejudice to 
any other powers conferred on it or any other person: 
(a) 
to approve any Reserved Matter; 
(b) 
to approve any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of any of the Conditions or any arrangement in respect of the obligations 
of the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes; 
(c) 
to approve the substitution of any person for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as 
principal obligor under the Notes; 
(d) 
to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes or any act or omission which might otherwise constitute 
an event of default under the Notes; 
(e) 
to authorise the Paying Agent or any other person to execute all documents and do all 
things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; 
(f) 
to give any other authorisation or approval which is required to be given by 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(g) 
to appoint any persons as a committee to represent the interests of the Noteholders and 
to confer upon such committee any powers which the Noteholders could themselves 
exercise by Extraordinary Resolution. 
17. 
EXTRAORDINARY RESOLUTION BINDS ALL HOLDERS 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding upon all Noteholders whether or not present at 
such Meeting and each of the Noteholders shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. Notice 
of the result of every vote on an Extraordinary Resolution shall be given to the Noteholders and 
the Paying Agent within 14 days of the conclusion of the Meeting. 
18. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at each Meeting. The Chairman shall 
sign the minutes, which shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings recorded therein. 
Unless and until the contrary is proved, every such Meeting in respect of the proceedings of 
which minutes have been summarised and signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened 
and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at it to have been duly passed and 
transacted. 
19. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the sale of each Tranche of Notes will be used by the 
Issuer, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement relating to the relevant Tranche 
of Notes, either: 
(a) for general funding purposes of the BPS Group; or 
(b) as otherwise indicated in the relevant Final Terms or in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
relating to the issuance, including to be applied in whole or in part, towards new or existing 
Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects and/or Eligible Sustainable Projects 
(each as defined below) or a financing or re-financing, in whole or in part, of any combination 
of each of the new or existing Eligible Green Projects and/or Eligible Social Projects and/or 
Eligible Sustainable Projects (each as defined below).  
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) 
Green Bond Principles (GBP), only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects 
(as above mentioned at (b)) will be denominated Green Bonds. 
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Social Bond Principles (SBP), only Tranches of 
Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Social Projects (as above mentioned at (b)) will be denominated 
Social Bonds.  
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG), only 
Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Sustainable Projects (as above mentioned at (b)) 
will be denominated Sustainability Bonds. 
In relation to any Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainable Projects the 
Issuer 
will 
make 
available 
under 
section 
“EMTN 
Programme” 
on 
its 
website 
(https://istituzionale.popso.it/en/investor-relations/financial-operations) prior to the relevant Issue Date 
(i) a framework agreement (the Framework Agreement), as amended and supplemented from time to 
time which sets out the categories of Eligible Green Projects or Eligible Social Projects or Eligible 
Sustainable Projects (the Eligible Projects and Assets) and (ii) a second party opinion from an external 
environmental, social and corporate governance research and analysis provider assessing (i) the 
alignment of the Framework Agreement with the GBP and/or the SBP and/or the SBG, (ii) the 
credibility and anticipated positive impacts of the use of proceeds; and (iii) the alignment of the Issuer’s 
sustainability strategy and performance and sustainability risk management in relation to the use of 
proceeds (the Second Party Opinion). For the avoidance of doubt, any such Framework Agreement or 
Second Party Opinion is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
In accordance with the Framework Agreement: 
- decisions relating to the choice and financing of Eligible Projects and Assets will be made by a 
sustainability committee, comprising members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer as well 
as Issuer’s top managers; 
- the allocation of proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be 
managed by the Issuer’s finance department; 
- any proceeds of Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds that are not yet allocated 
to Eligible Projects and Assets, will be invested by the Issuer, at its own discretion, in cash 
and/or cash equivalents and/or other liquid marketable instruments, consistent with the Issuer’s 
liquidity management activities and, to the extent possible, invested in green, social and 
sustainability bonds; 
- on annual basis, the use of proceeds associated with the selected eligible categories will be 
verified by the Issuer’s external auditor.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
The Issuer will publish a yearly report which will describe the allocation of proceeds and the 
environmental impact metrics as set out in the Framework Agreement. The report will include details 
of the Eligible Projects and Assets including information on certain key environmental indicators and 
will be generally available – together with any relevant post-issuance information – at the Issuer’s 
website (https://istituzionale.popso.it/en/investor-relations/financial-operations) for so long as the 
Issuer has Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds outstanding. 
Definitions: 
Eligible Green Projects means loans or financing for activities, enterprises or projects that meet the 
following eligibility criteria: green buildings, renewable energy, clean transportation, energy efficiency, 
environmentally sustainable management of natural living resources and land use, prevention and 
control of pollution, sustainable water and wastewater management, circular economy and assets which 
meet a set of environmental criteria identified as such as set out in the Framework Agreement (as may 
be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes) or as 
from time to time otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
Eligible Social Projects means loans or financing for activities, enterprises or projects that meet the 
following eligibility criteria: access to essential services and social cohesion, support in disadvantaged 
areas, female and youth entrepreneurship, basic infrastructure, affordable housing as set out in the 
framework agreement (as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue Date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes) or as from time to time otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement. 
Eligible Sustainable Projects means loans or financing of a combination of both Eligible Green 
Projects and Eligible Social Projects as set out in the Framework Agreement (as may be amended, 
supplemented or replaced before the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes) or as from time to 
time otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
THE ISSUER 
1.
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE ISSUER
BPS is the parent company (the Parent Company) of the BPS Group and, inspired by principles of 
small-scale retail lending, provides savings deposit and lending services in various forms, as well as 
private and investment banking, asset management, leasing, bancassurance and consumer credit 
services to its customers. BPS focuses on the territories where its subsidiaries have historically been 
established, with a special focus on providing services to families and small and medium-sized 
businesses and cooperatives. 
Within the BPS Group, the Issuer, which is an operating Parent Company performing guidance, 
governance and control functions for the BPS Group, essentially engages in the following business 
operations: 
−
guidance, coordination and control, via its setting of the BPS Group's guidelines, of business and
financial planning, organisational structure, strategic objectives, administration and accounting,
credit management policies and human resources management policies. The Issuer also performs
activities the purpose of which is the management and control of risks deriving from the business
operations of the BPS Group's companies;
−
acting as a hub for the coordination and oversight of policies for the management of the structural
items comprising assets and liabilities, both its own and those of the other companies belonging
to the BPS Group, with the objectives of optimising available capital, identifying transactions
and funding structures for the BPS Group, through initiatives on the domestic and international
markets, as well as oversight of liquidity requirements and related trends; and
−
providing support, control functions and guidance services for the BPS Group's business
operations, with a view to facilitating business development and allowing for effective services
to be provided to customers.
In Italy, the BPS Group, as of 30 June 2024, has a market share of 2.42% based on the number of 
branches, 1.56% in terms of lending and 1.65% in terms of deposits. 
As of 30 June 2024, the BPS Group had 3,674 employees. 
Company name 
The Issuer's legal and commercial name is “Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A.”, the commercial name 
in short “Popso”. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is J48C8PCSJVUBR8KCW529. 
Place of registration of the Issuer and its registration number  
The Issuer is on the Companies Register of Sondrio, Italy, at No. 00053810149. The Issuer is also on 
the Register of Banks held by the Bank of Italy at No. 842. 
Date of incorporation and length of life of the Issuer 
The Issuer, Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A., results from the transformation of the company Banca 
Popolare di Sondrio - cooperative joint-stock company, which in turn was originally established under 
the name of “Banca Mutua Popolare della Provincia di Sondrio" incorporated by deed of Giambattista

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Caimi, public notary, registered in Sondrio on 6 March 1871 with No. 315. 
The duration of the Issuer is set, pursuant to Article 3 of its Articles of Association, up to 31 December 
2050 and may be extended. 
Domicile and legal form of the Issuer, legislation under which the Issuer operates, its country of 
incorporation, website address and address and telephone number of its registered office 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio is a joint-stock company (società per azioni) incorporated in Sondrio, Italy 
and operating under Italian law. The address of the Issuer's registered office is Piazza Garibaldi, 16, 
23100 Sondrio, Italy, phone +39 (0342)528.111. The website of the Issuer is www.popso.it.   
Credit ratings 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer has been rated “BBB-” (long-term issuer default rating) 
and “F3” (short-term issuer default rating) by Fitch, “BBB” (long-term issuer rating) and “R-2 (high)” 
(short-term issuer rating) by Morningstar DBRS, “BBB-” (long-term Issuer credit rating) and “A-3” 
(short-term issuer credit rating) by S&P and “BBB” (long-term issuer default rating) by Scope.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Sustainability rating  
On 4 April 2024, at the end of the annual rating review process, the corporate rating of Banca Popolare 
di Sondrio was improved from “EE” to “EE+”. 
The sustainability rating assigned by the independent agency Standard Ethics is a summary assessment 
of the level of compliance achieved with respect to international sustainability indications set by some 
of the main international institutions (e.g. European Union, United Nations, OECD). 
2. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
A brief description of the Issuer's principal activities and principal categories of products sold 
and/or services provided 
BPS engages in traditional retail banking services in the territories covered and offers related financial 
services to private individuals, businesses and institutions. As regards private individuals and 
businesses, the bank offers products and services in the following areas: 
− 
products and services for families: in particular, bank accounts, mortgages, consumer credit, 
loans, payment instruments (credit and debit cards), insurance and pension products and online 
services; 
− 
savings/investment products and insurance: such as the offer of bonds, managed savings, life 
insurance and other investment instruments;  
− 
products and services for internationalisation: the bank supports companies which operate with 
foreign counterparties, offering a broad range of support services, both for its traditional 
commercial banking segment, and for more value-added products and services, such as products 
and services related to commercial exchanges with foreign counterparties or derivative products 
for the hedging of corporate risks; and 
− 
home banking, remote banking, POS, and mobile products and services. 
Asset management

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
In the context of asset management, the bank offers both traditional and innovative investment solutions 
to private individuals, businesses and institutional investors. The range of services includes, among 
other things, portfolio advisory services, wealth management services, which are provided by a 
qualified and experienced team of specialised professionals within the bank (Certified ESG Analysts), 
derivatives trading and trading of structured products. 
For asset management through mutual investment funds, the BPS Group has been party to trade 
agreements with Arca Fondi SGR S.p.A. since 1983. The BPS Group has also entered into trade 
agreements with Etica SGR S.p.A., which establishes and promotes exclusively socially responsible 
mutual investments in which the selection of assets is carried out on the basis of criteria of social and 
environmental responsibility. From 30 November 2023 distribution agreements are also in place with 
two leading asset managers, J.P. Morgan Asset Management and Pictet Asset Management. 
In addition to the above, in 1999 the Swiss subsidiary Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) founded 
Popso (Suisse) Investment Fund SICAV, a mutual investment fund organised under Luxembourg law 
with multiple sub-funds. Each sub-fund has its own pool of assets and liabilities and follows its own 
distinct investment strategy. Each sub-fund is therefore represented by one or more separate share 
classes. Investors currently have a choice of 13 sub-funds. 
Bancassurance and supplementary pensions schemes  
In the context of bancassurance, the bank operates in the life insurance segment via a partnership with 
Arca Vita and the Irish company Arca Vita International. In particular, among the various products, the 
bank offers Insurance-based Investment Products (IBIPs) with the aim to increase the capital and 
protect the savings of the clients. In the non-life segment, Arca Assicurazioni's products are offered; 
about health insurance products, the bank has a partnership with UniSalute. The insurance solutions 
offered are aimed principally at private individuals and small/medium-sized businesses to meet such 
clients' insurance requirements as regards protecting their health, family and home. The bank offers a 
private pension scheme for those who intend to benefit from a complementary pension through the 
open-end pension fund Arca Previdenza of Arca Fondi SGR. 
Factoring 
The bank offers its customers factoring products through its subsidiary Factorit S.p.A., which provides 
a complete range of solutions for the factoring of trade receivables: pro solvendo (with recourse) 
factoring, pro soluto (non-recourse) financial factoring without notification, pro soluto (non-recourse) 
factoring with notification, pro soluto (non-recourse) non-financial factoring without notification, 
maturity factoring and payment on a certain date, export factoring, import factoring, as well as financing 
products, transfers of future receivables and “indirect factoring”. 
Leasing 
The bank’s leasing operations are mostly conducted on the basis of trade agreements with Alba Leasing 
S.p.A., which offers real estate leasing and asset leasing, including auto, aircraft, ship and railway 
leasing services. Alba Leasing also operates in the renewables energy, nautical and public 
administration sectors. 
Corporate Banking 
BPS offers corporate clients a range of high value-added financial products and services in the following 
macro-areas: corporate lending, structured finance and related services (such as certifications of 
economic-financial plans for project financing, acquisition financing and hedging), corporate finance 
(advisory services for extraordinary financial transactions and for corporate restructurings for 
succession planning purposes and private equity searches for companies interested in risk capital 
opportunities) and capital markets (only with respect to the structuring of mini-bond issues).

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Other Services 
The bank offers its customers salary and pension backed loan products (specific loans which are 
reimbursable by the assignment of one fifth of the customer’s salary or pension and delegation of 
payment) through its subsidiary BNT Banca S.p.A.. 
The bank offers its retail and business customers long-term renting products through its subsidiary 
Rent2go, a car renting company able to make offers on every brand and model of vehicles, including 
commercial ones up to 35 quintals.  
Complementing the range of directly offered services, BPS has entered into distribution agreements 
with Compass Banca S.p.A. (Gruppo Mediobanca) for the offering of personal loans.   
3. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE  
Brief description of the BPS Group of which the Issuer is part and of the Issuer's position within 
the BPS Group  
Disclosure in respect of business segments  
The disclosure in respect of business segments is prepared in accordance with the provisions of IFRS8 
and the following segments are identified: 
− 
enterprises: this segment includes “non-financial companies” and “family businesses”; this 
relates to credit and loans, endorsement loans, deposits, leasing and payment services. Revenues 
from currency transactions with resident and non-resident customers are also significant; 
− 
private parties and other customers: this segment includes "consumer families", "public 
administrations", "financial companies" and "non-profit institutions"; the BPS Group includes 
results deriving from standard business transactions with this category of customers which are 
attributable to savings, medium/long-term loans and consumer loans, collections and payments, 
issuance of debit and credit cards and collateral residual functions;  
− 
securities: this segment includes results from transactions with customers related to the trading 
of securities as a direct counterparty, the acceptance of orders, the placement of financial 
instruments and insurance and pension products, and management of securities portfolios; and 
− 
central structure: for this segment, the BPS Group presents the results derived from the 
management of its portfolio of owned securities and shareholdings, exchange transactions 
entered into on its own account, and the exercise of treasury functions. In addition, it includes 
certain residual activities not classified elsewhere since the revenues earned are not significant. 
As of 30 June 2024, the BPS Group had a total of 379 branches. 
In Italy, the BPS Group operates through the Parent Company's distribution network. 
The principal territories where the BPS Group operates are Lombardia, Piemonte, Val d'Aosta, Liguria, 
Veneto, Trentino Alto Adige, Friuli Venezia Giulia ed Emilia Romagna and in the area of Rome, as 
well as online internet banking within the same territories. 
Distribution of the BPS Group's branches as of 30 June 2024:

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
No. of branches 
% 
BPS 
358 
94.46 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) 21 
5.54 
Total 
379 
100 
As regards the Issuer, the branches are organised into 15 territorial areas on the basis of criteria of 
geographical consistency. Each branch has operating autonomy and, as a rule, accounting autonomy. 
The coordination of the business operations of the branches within each area is entrusted to a 
coordinator, to whom the managers of the area branches report. In order to better serve high-level 
customers, the bank has established its own network of financial brokers, who support the branches, 
coordinated by the financial promotion office of the central headquarters. The network of financial 
consultants comprises 91 professionals who, for all intents and purposes, are included within the bank's 
organisational structure as employees. In the context of the offer of electronic multi-channel products 
and services aimed at private individuals, businesses and institutions, BPS also operates through the 
following channels: home banking, online trading, mobile, remote banking and ATM. The structure 
includes the “Virtual Unit”, an operating structure that manages relationships with customers who are 
resident in areas not served by traditional branches through online channels. The customers of the 
Virtual Unit are mainly professionals to whom dedicated products are offered. 
At the international level, the BPS Group is represented by branches in Switzerland and in the 
Principality of Monaco (BPS (Suisse)) and with a representative office in Shanghai (Sintesi 2000 S.r.l.).  
Brief description of the BPS Group of which the Issuer is the Parent Company 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the structure of the BPS Group comprises the companies listed 
below. 
The amounts of the share capital of the Group companies reported below are based on the information 
included in the condensed consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 30 June 2024. The fully 
consolidated shareholdings are: 
Name  
Head Office 
Share capital (in 
thousands) 
% held 
Banca 
Popolare 
di 
Sondrio 
(SUISSE) SA 
Lugano 
(CHF) 180,000 
100 
Factorit S.p.A. 
Milan 
(EUR) 85,000 
100 
Sinergia Seconda S.r.l. 
Milan 
(EUR) 60,000 
100 
Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. 
Sondrio 
(EUR) 31,315 
100

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
PrestiNuova AAF Srl 
Roma 
(EUR) 100*** 
100 
Pirovano Stelvio S.p.A.* 
Sondrio 
(EUR) 2,064 
100 
Servizi Internazionali e Strutture 
Integrate 2000 S.r.l. * 
Milan 
(EUR) 75 
100 
Immobiliare San Paolo S.r.l.* 
Tirano 
(EUR) 10** 
100 
Immobiliare Borgo Palazzo S.r.l.* 
Milano 
(EUR) 10** 
100 
Rent2Go S.r.l * 
Monza 
(EUR) 12,050 
100 
Popso Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Conegliano 
(EUR) 10 
60 
* equity investments not included in the banking group 
** held by Sinergia Seconda S.r.l. 
*** held by Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. 
Control, as defined by IFRS 10, is the power over the investee entity (i.e. holding valid rights that 
give the current capacity to direct the activities of the investee entity) and exists when the investor is 
exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to 
affect those returns through its power over the investee. 
According to this definition of control, the following entities are also included in the scope of the fully 
consolidated companies:  
Name  
Head Office 
Share 
capital 
(in 
Euro thousands) 
%held 
Centro delle Alpi Real 
Estate 
Milan 
69,072 
100 
Centro delle Alpi SME 
S.r.l. 
Conegliano V. 
10 
- 
Other companies included in the scope of consolidation:  
 
Name  
Head Office 
Share capital (in %held

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
Euro thousands) 
Alba Leasing S.p.A. 
Milan 
357,953 
19.264 
Arca Vita S.p.A. 
Verona 
208,279 
14.837 
Arca Holding S.p.A. 
Milan 
50,000 
34.715 
Unione Fiduciaria S.p.A. 
Milan 
5,940 
24.000 
Polis Fondi Sgrpa 
Milan 
5,200 
19.600 
Bormio Golf S.p.A. 
Bormio 
317 
25.237 
Lago di Como gal Scrl 
Canzo 
22 
14.606 
Acquedotto dello Stelvio Srl * 
Bormio 
21 
27.000 
Sifas S.p.A. * 
Bolzano 
1,209 
21.614 
Rajna Immobiliare S.r.l. 
Sondrio 
20 
50.000 
Liquid Factory Sbrl 
Sondrio 
84 
4.559 
* held by Pirovano Stelvio S.p.A.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
BANCA POPOLARE DI SONDRIO GROUP  
 
 
Liquid Factory SBRL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
S.p.A. 
Banca Popolare 
di Sondrio (SUISSE) 
SA 
Bormio Golf 
S.p.A. 
Poli
s 
Fon
di 
Immobil
Polis Fondi 
Immobiliari 
Di Banche 
Popolari 
S.G.R.p.A. 
Lago di Como 
GAL S.P.S. 
Alba Leasing 
S.p.A. 
PrestiNuova 
S.r.l. 
Agenzia in 
Attività 
Finanziaria 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
S.p.A. 
Unione 
Fiduciaria 
S.p.A. 
Arca Holding 
S.p.A. 
Rajna 
Immobiliare 
S.r.l. 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
25,2% 
19,6% 
19,3% 
14,6% 
14,8% 
4,6% 
24,0% 
50,0% 
34,7% 
27,0% 
21,6% 
60% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
Sinergia 
Seconda S.r.l. 
Factorit 
S.p.A. 
POPSO   
Covered Bond 
S.r.l. 
BNT Banca 
S.p.A. 
PIROVANO 
Stelvio        
S.p.A. 
Rent2Go 
S.r.l. 
Servizio 
Internazionali e 
Strutture Integrate 
Arca Vita 
S.p.A. 
LiquidFactor
y SBRL 
Immobiliare 
San Paolo S.r.l 
Immobiliare 
Borgo Palazzo 
S.r.l 
Acquedotto 
dello Stelvio 
S.r.l. 
Sifas 
S.p.A. 
Subsidiaries not in the 
banking group 
Banking group 
Related companies 
Related/Indirectly 
subsidiaries 
Note: Company’s data as of 
30/09/2024

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
 
4. 
DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGERS AND MEMBERS OF THE SUPERVISORY 
BODIES 
BPS has adopted a traditional governance system consisting of a Board of Directors comprising 15 
Directors and a Board of Auditors comprising three Auditors and two Alternate Auditors. 
The Board of Directors has established among its members the Executive Committee (“Comitato 
esecutivo”), the Related Parties Committee (“Comitato operazioni con parti correlate e soggetti 
correlati”), the Remuneration Committee (“Comitato remunerazione”), the Audit and Risk Committee 
(“Comitato controllo e rischi”), the Appointments Committee (“Comitato nomine”) and the 
Sustainability Committee (“Comitato sostenibilità”). 
Members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies  
The list of members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Issuer as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus and the offices held in other companies are set out below. 
Board of Directors  
 
NAME 
AND 
SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN 
BPS 
PRINCIPAL OFFICES HELD IN OTHER 
COMPANIES 
Francesco Venosta *  Chairperson  
− 
Unione 
Fiduciaria 
S.p.A. 
(Deputy 
Chairperson); 
− 
Banca 
della 
Nuova 
Terra 
S.p.A. 
(Chairperson of the Board of Directors); 
− 
Istituto della Enciclopedia Italiana Fondata 
da Giovanni Treccani S.p.A. (Director); 
− 
Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi 
(Director). 
Lino 
Enrico 
Stoppani ** 
Deputy 
Chairperson  
− 
Factorit S.p.A. (Director); 
− 
Immobiliare Borgo Palazzo S.r.l. (Sole 
Director); 
− 
Immobiliare 
San 
Paolo 
S.r.l. 
(Sole 
Director);  
− 
Pirovano Stelvio S.p.A. (Chairperson); 
− 
Sinergia Seconda S.r.l. (Sole Director); 
− 
FIPE Federazione Italiana Pubblici Esercizi 
(Chairperson of the Board of Directors);

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
 
− 
Confcommercio 
Imprese 
per 
l’Italia 
(Deputy Chairperson); 
− 
EPAM Associazione Pubblici Esercizi di 
Milano e Provincia (Chairperson of the 
Board of Directors ). 
Mario 
Alberto 
Pedranzini ** 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
and 
Managing Director 
− 
Factorit S.p.A. (Deputy Chairperson); 
− 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio (SUISSE) SA 
(Chairperson of the Board of Directors); 
− 
IEO 
Istituto 
Europeo 
di 
Oncologia 
(Director); 
− 
Associazione Bancaria Italiana (Deputy 
Chairperson); 
− 
Associazione Nazionale fra le Banche 
Popolari (Deputy Chairperson). 
Nicola Cordone * 
Director 
− 
N/A 
Loretta Credaro *** 
Director 
− 
Vela Assicurazioni S.r.l. (Chairperson of 
the Board of Directors); 
− 
Confcommercio 
Nazionale 
(Deputy 
Chairperson); 
− 
Istituto Nazionale Ricerche Turistiche scpa 
(Chairperson); 
− 
Unione Commercio, Turismo e Servizi 
della provincia di Sondrio (Chairperson of 
the Board of Directors); 
− 
C.C.I.A.A. Sondrio (Chairperson of the 
Board of Directors). 
Anna Doro * 
Director 
− 
Tim spa (Member of the Board of 
Auditors). 
Federico Falck* 
Director 
− 
Falck S.p.A. (Deputy Chairperson); 
− 
AFL srl (Chairperson). 
Roberto Giay *** 
Director 
− 
Gruppo Una S.p.A. (Deputy Chairperson);

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
 
− 
Unipol Finance S.r.l. (Chairperson); 
− 
Unipol Investment S.p.A. (Chairperson); 
− 
Unipolpart I S.p.A. (Chairperson); 
− 
Unipolsai Finance S.p.A. (Chairperson); 
− 
Società 
e 
Salute 
S.p.A. 
(Deputy 
Chairperson); 
− 
Tenute del Cerro (Deputy Chairperson); 
− 
Nomisma S.p.A. (Director). 
Malaguti 
Maria 
Chiara ** 
Director 
− 
N/A 
Molla Pierluigi *** 
Director 
− 
Vector WM SA (Director); 
− 
Fassi Holding (Director). 
Severine 
Melissa 
Harmine 
Neervoort*** 
Director 
− 
N/A 
Recchi Giuseppe *** 
Director 
− 
Stretto Di Messina S.p.A. (Chairperson); 
− 
Liquid Factory Sbrl (Director). 
Rossi Serenella * 
Director 
− 
Edison S.p.A. (Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors). 
Stefini Silvia ** 
Director 
− 
Leonardo S.p.A. (Director). 
Zambelli Rossana ** 
Director 
− 
Factorit S.p.A. (Director). 
*These Directors shall be in office until the approval of the Annual Report for the year 2024. 
**These Directors shall be in office until the approval of the Annual Report for the year 2025. 
***These Directors shall be in office until the approval of the Annual Report for the year 2026. 
Board of Auditors*

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
 
NAME AND 
SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN BPS 
PRINCIPAL OFFICES HELD IN OTHER 
COMPANIES 
Vago Carlo Maria 
Chairperson of the Board of 
Auditors 
− 
N/A 
Laura Vitali 
Auditor 
− 
Factorit S.p.A. (Chairperson of the 
Board of Auditors); 
− 
Club Acceleratori S.p.A. (Auditor). 
Massimo De Buglio 
Auditor 
− 
Autotorino S.p.A. (Chairperson of the 
Board of Auditors); 
− 
Autotorino Roma S.p.A. (Chairperson 
of the Board of Auditors); 
− 
Immobiliare Diana S.p.A. (Chairperson of 
the Board of Auditors). 
Paolo Vido 
Alternate Auditor 
− 
Pirovano Stelvio S.p.A. (Auditor); 
− 
Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. (Auditor). 
Capitanio Marco 
Fabio 
Alternate Auditor 
− 
Dropmi srl in liquidation (Chairperson 
Of The Board Of Auditors); 
− 
Aquantia 
srl 
in 
liquidation 
(Chairperson 
Of 
The 
Board 
Of 
Auditors); 
− 
Aqua.Iot srl (Auditor); 
− 
Suez Italy spa (Auditor); 
− 
Intesa Aretina scarl (Chairperson Of 
The Board Of Auditors); 
− 
Eklexia Advisory stp srl (CEO). 
All members of the Board of Directors and of the Board of Auditors meet the integrity and 
professional requirements provided for by the legislation and regulations currently in force.  
All members of the Board of Auditors are on the Register of Auditors. 
General Management

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
 
NAME AND 
SURNAME 
OFFICE HELD IN 
BPS 
PRINCIPAL OFFICES HELD IN OTHER 
COMPANIES 
Mario Erba 
Deputy General 
Manager and CCO 
− 
Arca Vita S.p.A. (Deputy Chairperson); 
− 
Arca Holding S.p.A. (Deputy Chairperson); 
− 
Servizi Internazionali e Strutture Integrate 
2000 S.r.l. (Chairperson of the Board of 
Directors); 
− 
Luigi Luzzatti Scpa (Director); 
− 
CBE-GEIE (Chairperson). 
Milo Gusmeroli 
Deputy General 
Manager and CIOO 
− 
N/A  
Cesare Poletti 
Deputy General 
Manager and CRO 
− 
N/A  
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors, Board of Auditors and General 
Management is Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A., Piazza Garibaldi, 16, 23100 Sondrio, Italy. 
Conflicts of interests of the administration, management and control bodies 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, and to the Parent Company's knowledge – including upon 
examination as required under article 36 of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, as converted into 
Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011 – no member of the Board of Auditors, the Board of Directors or 
the general management of the Parent Company is subject to potential conflicts of interest between their 
obligations arising out of their office or employment with the Parent Company or the BPS Group and 
any personal or other interests, except for those that may concern transactions put before the competent 
bodies of the Parent Company and or/entities belonging to the BPS Group, such transactions having 
been undertaken in compliance with the relevant regulations in force. Also in the latter case, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus there are no conflicts of interests. 
The members of the administrative, management and control bodies of the Parent Company are required 
to implement the following provisions governing circumstances in which there exists a specific interest 
concerning the implementation of a transaction: 
− 
Article 53 (Supervisory regulations) of the Consolidated Banking Act and the relevant 
implementing regulations issued by the Bank of Italy, with particular reference to the supervisory 
regulations relating to transactions with related parties; 
− 
Article 136 (Duties of banking officers) of the Consolidated Banking Act which requires the 
adoption of a particular authorisation procedure where an officer, directly or indirectly, assumes 
obligations towards the bank in which such officer has an administrative, management or control 
function; 
− 
Article 2391 ('Directors' interests) of the Italian Civil Code; and 
− 
Article 2391-bis (Transactions with related parties) of the Italian Civil Code and the relevant 
implementing regulations issued by CONSOB.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
 
The Issuer and its corporate bodies have adopted internal measures and procedures to guarantee 
compliance with the above-mentioned provisions. 
5. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Entities controlling the Issuer 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, according to the public information currently available to the 
Issuer, the following entities hold directly or indirectly significant stakes in the capital of Banca 
Popolare di Sondrio S.p.A.:  
- 
Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. 19.724%; 
- 
Unipol Gruppo SPA 10.212%; 
- 
UnipolSai Assicurazioni SPA 9.512%; 
- 
Private Wealth Management Global Sif Dynamic Strategy 4.908%; and 
- 
Blackrock INC 3.024% 
Funded in 1871 as a cooperative company, the bank operates as a joint-stock company since the 
approval of the corporate transformation resolved by the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of 29 
December 2021; no person or entity directly or indirectly controls the Issuer. No arrangements, the 
operation of which may at a subsequent time result in a change in control of the Issuer, are known to 
the same Issuer. 
6. 
TLTRO FUNDING 
As of 30 June 2024, the Issuer had an operation outstanding with the ECB (TLTRO III) performed in 
September 2021 for Euro 3.7 billion, which expired and was repaid on or about 25 September 2024.  
7. 
REGULATORY CAPITAL 
As at 30 September 2024, the BPS Group’s capital ratios were as follows: Common Equity Tier 1 ratio 
of 16.48 per cent. (phased-in), Tier 1 ratio of 16.48 per cent (phased-in) and Total Capital ratio of 19.41 
per cent. (phased-in).  
On a fully loaded basis as of 30 September 2024, BPS Group’s capital ratios were as follows: Common 
Equity Tier 1 ratio of 16.34 per cent., Tier 1 ratio of 16.34 per cent and Total Capital ratio of 19.27 per 
cent.. 
Capital ratios above are shown taking into account the portion of the profit for the period that can be 
allocated to self-financing, the inclusion of which in own funds is subject to approval by the Supervisor. 
By means of a press release of 11 December 2024, BPS’ Group informs that the ECB has updated - 
with effect from 1 January 2025 – the decision on prudential requirements to be met on a consolidated 
basis. Taking into consideration the combined buffer requirement and the systemic risk buffer (phased-
in), the minimum CET1 ratio requirement is 8.93 per cent. and is determined as the sum of the minimum 
Pillar 1 regulatory requirement (4.5 per cent.), the additional Pillar 2 requirement (1.55 per cent.) and 
the combined buffer requirement (2.89 per cent.). The minimum Total Capital ratio is 13.64 per cent.. 
8. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
BPS and the companies belonging to the BPS Group are subject to a number of court, legal and 
administrative proceedings related to the conduct of their core business operations. Set forth below is a 
brief description of the legal proceedings pending against the Issuer and the other companies belonging 
to the BPS Group which are considered the most important in the Issuer's opinion.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
 
Legal proceedings initiated against the Issuer 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the legal proceedings pending against the Issuer and the 
companies belonging to the BPS Group are, in the Issuer's opinion, to be considered ordinary in nature 
when taking into account the business operations involved, the size of the BPS Group and the risks 
inherent in the provision of banking and investment services. In any case, there remains the risk that the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries may incur losses in connection with the proceedings currently pending, 
including those concerning the matter of compound interest/usury, as described in further detail below.  
In line with the likelihood of losses of this type and with applicable accounting standards in force, as of 
30 June 2024 the Issuer has set aside a prudential reserve which it considers adequate to cover risks 
related to pending lawsuits, including the tax proceedings, of Euro 49.95 million. 
Litigation on the matter of compound interest/usury 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the total number of lawsuits pending against the BPS Group on 
the matter of compound interest remains at levels considered ordinary by the Issuer and the related risk 
is, in any case, covered by the prudential reserves set aside for risks and costs. As of 30 June 2024, the 
Issuer set aside prudential reserves covering risks related to compound interest and usury of Euro 1 
million, to cover a small number of disputes. For some of these claims, the claimants did not define the 
petitum (amount of the claims), asking the court to determine it. The petitum (amount of the claims) 
already identified and requested for the two types (usury and compound interest), amounts to Euro 7.56 
million.  
9. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the BPS Group companies have not implemented, 
signed and/or planned material contracts other than those entered into in the normal course of their 
typical activities that could affect the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders. 
10. 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
On 6 November 2024, BPS announced that it received from the Single Resolution Board and the Bank 
of Italy the notification of the new decision on the Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible 
Liabilities (MREL). BPS has to comply on a consolidated basis with a MREL-TREA requirement, 
excluding the combined buffer requirement component, of 22.76% of risk-weighted assets and a 
MREL-LRE requirement of 5.9% of leverage exposure. No additional subordination requirements were 
imposed by the authorities. On the basis of preliminary data as of 30 September 2024, and in particular 
the value of Own Funds determined taking into account the portion of net profit for the year that can be 
allocated to self-financing, subject to approval by the Supervisor, the Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
Group's ratios are well above the aforementioned thresholds: the MREL-TREA is equal to 32.5%, while 
the MRELLRE is equal to 12.2%. 
On 25 September 2024, the bank repaid on maturity one open market operation with the Central Bank 
that started in September 2021 (TLTRO III.9), amounting to Euro 3.7 billion.   
On 28 May 2024, BPS successfully placed a Euro 500 million Senior Preferred Green issue for 
institutional investors. 
On 27 March 2024, the bank repaid on maturity one open market operation with the Central Bank that 
started in March 2021 (TLTRO III.7), amounting to Euro 0.8 billion. 
On 5 March 2024, in the context of a liability management transaction, BPS successfully placed with 
institutional investors a new Tier 2 subordinated bond issue for an amount of Euro 300 million, 
receiving requests for around Euro 1.8 billion. Subsequently, on 12 March 2024, BPS announced that 
the acceptance amount of the tender offer launched on 4 March 2024 for holders of its Euro 200 million 
fixed rate reset subordinated notes due 30 July 2029 was equal to Euro 108,719,000. Upon the

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
 
completion of such liability management transaction, on 12 July 2024 BPS announced that it had 
exercised the early redemption option in whole of the relevant securities. 
On 15 January 2024, BPS placed on the market a new covered bonds (Covered Bonds) reserved for 
institutional investors for Euro 500 million. 
 
11. 
CERTAIN REGULATORY ASPECTS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
Banking Resolution under the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (BRRD) 
The Issuer, as a bank, is subject to Directive 2014/59/EU (BRRD), as implemented in the Italian legal 
framework. 
In particular, the BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees 
by the Italian Government, namely, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015 (together, the 
BRRD Decrees), both of which were published in the Italian Official Gazette on 16 November 2015. 
According to these provisions of law and in summary, in the event that the following conditions are 
met, the relevant bank shall be put under resolution: (i) the resolution Authority (in Italy, the Bank of 
Italy, acting in accordance with decisions taken by the EU resolution authority, the Single Resolution 
Board) has determined, after consultation with the competent authority and vice versa, as applicable, 
that the bank is failing or is likely to fail; (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private 
sector measures would prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe; and (iii) a 
resolution action is necessary in the public interest (that is, it is necessary for the achievement of and is 
proportionate to one or more of the resolution objectives referred to in Article 31 of the BRRD and 
winding up of the bank under normal insolvency proceedings would not meet those resolution 
objectives to the same extent). In this context, an institution is considered as failing or likely to fail, 
alternatively, when: (a) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of requirements necessary to 
maintain its authorisation to carry out banking activities, including but not limited to because the 
institution has incurred or is likely to incur losses that will deplete all or a significant amount of its own 
funds; (b) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (c) it is, or is likely 
in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; or (d) it requires 
extraordinary public financial support in order to recover (except in limited circumstances). 
Upon the opening of a resolution procedure, the resolution authorities are entrusted with the power to 
apply, on a stand-alone basis or in combination, the following tools:  
• 
the sale of business, through which the resolution authority may transfer to a purchaser, on 
commercial terms (except for the case in which the application of commercial terms may affect 
the effectiveness of the sale or other instruments of ownership issued by the business tool or 
impose a material threat to financial stability): (a) the shares of the bank under resolution; and 
(b) all or any assets, rights and liabilities of the latter;  
• 
incorporation of a so-called “bridge institution”, through which the resolution authority may 
transfer to the bridge institution (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly owned by one 
or more public authorities and is controlled by the resolution authority): (a) the shares or other 
instruments of ownership issued by the bank under resolution and (b) all or any assets, rights 
and liabilities of the latter;  
• 
the asset separation, through which the resolution authority may transfer assets, rights or 
liabilities of a bank or of a bridge institution (e.g., impaired assets, such as non-performing 
exposures) to one or more asset management vehicles (an entity created for this purpose that is 
wholly or partially owned by one or more public authorities and is controlled by the resolution 
authority) with a view to maximising their value through the sale or orderly winding down; and 
• 
bail-in, through which the resolution Authority may, jointly or severally, (a) write-down the 
bank’s Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1), Additional Tier 1 (AT1) and Tier 2 (T2) instruments; 
(b) write-down the eligible liabilities, including bonds (with certain exceptions); and (c) convert 
eligible liabilities into equity (shares or other instrument of ownership).

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
 
As to the application of bail-in, the resolution Authority must take into account the ranking of the bank’s 
creditors according to the ordinary insolvency procedures, as the BRRD (and the corresponding Italian 
implementing rules) stipulates that, under resolution, no creditor may incur losses greater than they 
would have incurred under normal insolvency proceedings (the so-called “no creditor worse off” 
principle). 
Thus, in general terms, the ranking of the persons which may be subject to bail-in – from the lowest to 
the highest – is the following:  
• 
holders of Common Equity Tier 1 instruments; 
• 
holders of Additional Tier 1 instruments;  
• 
holders of Tier 2 instruments, including subordinated notes; 
• 
holders of senior non-preferred notes;  
• 
holders of senior notes;  
• 
depositors qualifying as large firms; and 
• 
depositors qualifying as natural persons or SMEs.  
 
Deposits less than Euro 100,000 are protected by the Italian Deposit Guarantee Schemes. 
The non-preferred senior notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12-bis of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act) 
are a category of instrument introduced in Italy by Italian Law No. 205/2017, implementing Directive 
(EU) 2017/2399. They constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non-preferred obligations, 
ranking junior to senior notes (or equivalent instruments), pari passu without any preferences among 
themselves, and in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of the 
Issuer, pursuant to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act. 
Without prejudice to the above, the resolution authority may, in specified exceptional circumstances, 
partially or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the bail-in tool (the General 
Bail-In Tool).  
Article 44, paragraph 2 of the BRRD excludes secured liabilities (including covered bonds and liabilities 
in the form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the cover 
pool and which, according to national law, are secured in a way similar to covered bonds) from the 
application of the General Bail-In Tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
above resolution tools (including the General Bail-In Tool) to the maximum extent practicable while 
maintaining financial stability and subject to certain other conditions, to be able to provide extraordinary 
public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public 
equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must 
be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the 
BRRD. 
As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public support 
to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity 
facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks’ conditions; 2) a State guarantee of 
newly issued liabilities; or 3) an injection of own funds in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In 
the case of precautionary recapitalisation EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond 
holders contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
In addition to the General Bail-In Tool and other resolution tools, the BRRD provides for resolution 
authorities to have the further power to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital 
instruments at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution action is taken with losses taken 
in accordance with the priority of claims under normal insolvency proceedings (BRRD Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption).  
For the purposes of the application of any BRRD Non-Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point of 
non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which (i) the relevant authority determines that the relevant

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
 
entity meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the relevant 
authority or authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that a relevant entity or, in certain 
circumstances, its group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-
down or converted or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity other 
than, where the entity is an institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the 
economy of an EEA member state and to preserve financial stability. 
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet at all times a sufficient aggregate amount of own funds 
and “eligible liabilities” expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution 
(Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities or MREL). The aim is that the 
minimum amount should be proportionate and adapted for each category of bank on the basis of their 
risk or the composition of their sources of funding and to ensure adequate capitalisation to continue 
exercising critical functions post resolution. The Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 set out the 
assessment criteria that resolution authorities should use to determine the MREL for individual firms. 
The BRRD does not foresee an absolute minimum, but attributes the competence to set a minimum 
amount for each bank to national resolution authorities (for banks not subject to supervision by the 
ECB) or to the Single Resolution Board (the SRB) for banks subject to direct supervision by the ECB. 
The determination that securities issued by the BPS Group will be subject to write-down, conversion or 
bail-in is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which may be 
outside of the BPS Group’s control. This determination will also be made by the Single Resolution 
Board and there may be many factors, including factors not directly related to the bank or the BPS 
Group, which could result in such a determination. Because of this inherent uncertainty, it will be 
difficult to predict when, if at all, the exercise of a bail-in power may occur which would result in a 
principal write-off or conversion to other securities, including equity. Moreover, as the criteria that the 
Single Resolution Board will be obliged to consider in exercising any bail-in power provide it with 
considerable discretion, holders of the securities issued by the BPS Group may not be able to refer to 
publicly available criteria in order to anticipate a potential exercise of any such power and consequently 
its potential effect on the BPS Group and the securities issued by the BPS Group. Potential investors in 
the securities issued by the BPS Group should consider the risk that a holder may lose all or part of its 
investment, including the principal amount plus any accrued interest, if such statutory loss absorption 
measures are acted upon. 
Furthermore, on 1 June 2016, Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 of 4 February 2016 
(Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860) specifying further the circumstances where exclusion from the 
application of write-down or conversion powers is necessary under Article 44(3) of BRRD was 
published on the Official Journal of the European Union. In particular this regulation lays down rules 
specifying further the exceptional circumstances provided for in Article 44(3) of BRRD, where the 
resolution authority may exclude, or partially exclude, certain liabilities from the application of the 
write down or conversion powers where the bail-in tool is applied. Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/860 
entered into force on 21 June 2016. 
Furthermore, under resolution, the resolution authorities have relevant ancillary power aimed at 
ensuring a smooth resolution of the bank. In particular, they are entitled to amend or alter the maturity 
of certain debt instruments (such as senior notes, non-preferred senior notes and subordinated notes) 
issued by the bank under resolution or to amend the amount of interest payable under such instruments, 
or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary 
period. 
In general terms, the resolution authority is also entitled to cancel or modify the terms of any contract 
to which the bank under resolution is a party, to suspend the bank’s contractual obligations or to 
substitute a recipient as a party. 
On the other hand, the application of a resolution measure shall not, per se (i.e., provided that the bank 
continues to perform its obligations under the relevant agreements), make it possible to: (i) exercise any 
termination, suspension, modification, netting or set-off rights; (ii) obtain possession, exercise control 
or enforce any security over any property of the bank in relation to an agreement which includes cross-
default provisions; or (iii) affect any contractual rights of the bank in relation to an agreement which

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
 
includes cross-default provisions. 
In this regard, it should be noted that, in any case, the BRRD Decrees introduced strict limitations on 
the possibility to exercise the rights of set-off normally available under Italian insolvency laws, in case 
of resolution.  
As to the financing of the resolution action, the resources may be provided by the national Resolution 
Funds and the Single Resolution Fund in which the national Resolution Funds had been pooled together 
gradually. However, in accordance with the burden-sharing principle, the intervention of such funds is 
only admitted where a contribution to loss absorption and recapitalisation equal to an amount not less 
than 8% of the total liabilities (including own funds) of the bank under resolution, measured at the time 
of the resolution action, has been made by the shareholders and the holders of other instruments of 
ownership, the holders of relevant capital instruments and other eligible liabilities through write down, 
conversion or otherwise. In any case, the contribution of the resolution funds shall not exceed 5% of 
the total liabilities including own funds of the bank under resolution, measured at the time of the 
resolution action. 
On 23 November 2016, the European Commission proposed a comprehensive package of reforms to 
further strengthen the resilience of EU banks and investment firms (the EU Banking Reform Package). 
The EU Banking Reform Package amended many existing provisions set out in the CRD IV Package, 
the BRRD and the Single Resolution Mechanism (the SRM Regulation). These proposals were 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 entering into force 20 days 
later, even though most of the provisions applied only from 28 June 2021. The proposal included an 
amendment to Article 108 of the BRRD aimed at further harmonising the creditor hierarchy as regards 
the priority ranking of holders of bank senior unsecured debt in resolution and insolvency. A new class 
of so-called “senior non-preferred debt” was proposed to be added that would be eligible to meet the 
TLAC and MREL requirements. This new class of debt will be senior to all subordinated debt, but 
junior to ordinary unsecured senior claims. 
The proposal of the European Commission resulted in the adoption of Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of 12 
December 2017 amending the BRRD with regard to the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in 
insolvency hierarchy which was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 
December 2017 and had to be transposed into national law by the Member States by 29 December 2018. 
In this regard, Italian Law No. 205/2017, approved by the Italian Parliament on 27 December 2017, 
contains the implementing provisions pertaining to “non-preferred" senior debt instruments. 
The amendments to the BRRD do not affect the existing stocks of bank debt and their statutory ranking 
in insolvency pursuant to the relevant laws of the Member State in which the bank is incorporated. 
In addition, the EBA has issued its final draft regulatory technical standards which further define the 
way in which national resolution authorities/the SRB shall calculate MREL. According to the SRB 
work programme for 2024, the number of resolution plans expected for 2024 RPC is 101, 17 of which 
with resolution colleges. 
The EU Banking Reform Package, including Directive (EU) 2019/879, which provides for a number of 
significant revisions to the BRRD (known as BRRD2), entered into force on 27 June 2019. The EU 
Banking Reform Package includes, among other things: 
(a) 
full implementation of the FSB’s TLAC standard in the EU and revisions to the existing MREL 
regime. Additional changes to the MREL framework include changes to the calculation 
methodology for MREL, criteria for the eligible liabilities which can be considered as MREL, 
the introduction of internal MREL and additional reporting and disclosure requirements on 
institutions; 
(b) 
introduction of a new category of "top-tier" banks, being banks which are resolution entities that 
are not G-SIIs but are part of a resolution group whose total assets exceed EUR 100 billion; 
(c) 
the introduction of a new moratorium power for resolution authorities and requirements on the 
contractual stays in resolution; and

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
 
(d) 
amendments to the article 55 regime in respect of the contractual recognition of bail-in. Changes 
to the BRRD under BRRD2 impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as 
well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors 
In order to ensure compliance with MREL requirements, and in line with the FSB standard on TLAC, 
the BRRD2 provides that, in case a bank does not have sufficient eligible liabilities to comply with its 
MREL, the resultant shortfall is automatically filled up with CET1 Capital that would otherwise be 
counted towards meeting the combined capital buffer requirement. However, under certain 
circumstances, the BRRD2 envisages a nine-month grace period before restrictions to discretionary 
payments to the holders of regulatory capital instruments and employees take effect due to a breach of 
the combined capital buffer requirement. 
On 20 May 2020, the Single Resolution Board published a non-binding policy named “Minimum 
Requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities (MREL) Policy under the Banking Package”, 
aiming at helping to ensure that MREL is set in the context of fully feasible and credible resolution 
plans for all types of banks, as well as promoting a level playing field across banks including 
subsidiaries of non-banking Union (EU) banks. The policy, whose last update has been issued on 15 
May 2024, addresses the following topics: 
• 
calibration: the policy provides for modifications and extensions of the SRB’s approach to MREL 
calibration in accordance with the framework set out by the EU Banking Reform Package; 
• 
subordination for resolution entities: the policy sets the following subordination requirements: (i) 
Pillar 1 Banks are subject to subordination requirements composed of a non-adjustable Pillar 1 
MREL requirement that must be met with own funds instruments and eligible liabilities that are 
subordinated to all claims arising from excluded liabilities; (ii) Pillar 1 Banks’ resolution 
authorities shall ensure that the subordinated MREL resources of Pillar 1 Banks are equal to at 
least 8% of total liabilities and own funds (TLOF); and (iii) non Pillar 1 Banks will be subject to 
a subordination requirement only upon the decision of the resolution authority to avoid a breach 
of the No Creditor Worse Off principle, following a bank-specific assessment carried out as part 
of resolution planning; 
• 
internal MREL for non-resolution entities: the policy states that the SRB will progressively 
expand the scope of non-resolution entities for which it will adopt internal MREL decisions, and 
it may waive subsidiary institutions qualifying as non-resolution entities from internal MREL at 
certain conditions. In addition, the policy defines criteria for the SRB’s possibility to permit the 
use of guarantees to meet the internal MREL within the Member State of the resolution entity; 
• 
MREL for cooperative groups: the policy sets out minimum conditions to authorise certain types 
of cooperative networks to use eligible liabilities of associated entities other than the resolution 
entity to comply with the external MREL, as well as minimum conditions to waive the internal 
MREL of the legal entities that are part of the cooperative network; 
• 
eligibility of liabilities issued under the law of a third country: the SRB has developed a checklist 
to assist banks in establishing if liabilities are eligible. The policy also provides more details on 
eligibility characteristics for specific types of liabilities and expands on how liabilities issued 
under the law of third countries can be considered eligible through contractual recognition;  
• 
transitional arrangements: the policy explains the operationalisation of transitional periods up to 
the 2024 deadline, including binding intermediate targets in 2022 and informative targets in 2023, 
also stating that transitional arrangements must be bank-specific (since they depend on the MREL 
tailored to that bank and its resolution plan, and the bank’s progress to date in raising MREL-
eligible liabilities); and 
• 
M-MDA: The SRB may set restrictions for banks that do not comply with the Combined Buffer 
Requirement (CBR), preventing them from distributing more than the Maximum Distributable 
Amount related to MREL (M-MDA). The M-MDA may also be imposed in cases of breaches of 
the MREL. The Policy describes the two-stage assessment and the expectations for the banks as 
regards the notification.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
 
The MREL Policy under the Banking Package is periodically reviewed and updated.  
 
In September 2020, the European Commission issued a notice aimed at interpreting certain legal 
provisions of the revised bank resolution framework (i.e. BRRD, SRMR, CRR and CRD IV) in reply 
to questions raised by NCAs, addressing the following issues: (i) the power to prohibit certain 
distributions; (ii) powers to suspend payment or delivery obligations; (iii) selling of subordinated 
eligible liabilities to retail clients; (iv) minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities; (v) 
bail-in tool; (vi) contractual recognition of bail-in; (vii) write down or conversion of capital instruments 
and eligible liabilities; (viii) exclusion of certain contractual terms in early intervention and resolution; 
and (ix) contractual recognition of resolution stay powers. As pinpointed by the same Commission, the 
notice merely clarifies the provisions already contained in the applicable legislation, while it does not 
extend in any way the rights and obligations deriving from such legislation nor introduce any additional 
requirements of the concerned operators and competent authorities. 
In April 2021, Implementing Regulation (EU) 2021/763 on disclosure reporting on MREL and TLAC 
was published, providing for: (i) draft uniform disclosure formats for MREL and TLAC disclosure 
according – respectively – to Articles 45i(6) of the BRRD and 434a of the CRR; (ii) draft uniform 
reporting templates, instructions and methodology for MREL and TLAC reporting according – 
respectively – to Articles 45i(5) of the BRRD and 430(7) of the CRR. Title I of the Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2021/763 shall apply from 28 June 2021, while Title II shall apply as of 1 June 2021 
as regards the disclosures in accordance with Article 437a and point (h) of Article 447 of the CRR, and 
as of the date of application of the disclosure requirements in accordance with the third subparagraph 
of Article 3(1) of Directive (EU) 2019/879, as regards the disclosures in accordance with Article 45i(3) 
of the BRRD. 
On 1 December 2021, Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the Decree No. 193), 
implementing BRRD II into the Italian jurisdiction, entered into force, amending Legislative Decree 
No. 180/2015 and the Consolidated Banking Act. 
The amendments introduced to Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 aligned the Italian regulatory 
framework regulating MREL, and the criteria according to which it is determined, to the provisions set 
forth in BRRD II. 
In particular, the amended version of Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 clearly envisages that MREL 
shall be determined by the Bank of Italy on the basis of the following criteria:  
(i) 
the need to ensure that the application of the resolution tools to the resolution entity is adequate 
to meet the resolution's objectives; 
(ii) 
the need to ensure that the resolution entity and its subsidiaries belonging to the same corporate 
group subject to resolution have sufficient own funds and eligible assets to ensure that, if the bail-
in tool or write-down or conversion powers, respectively, were to be applied to them, losses could 
be absorbed and that it is possible to restore the total capital ratio and, as applicable, the leverage 
ratio to a level necessary to enable them to continue to comply with the conditions for 
authorisation, according to the regulatory framework currently in force, even if the resolution 
plan envisages the possibility for certain classes of eligible liabilities to be excluded from bail-in 
or to be transferred in full to a recipient under a partial transfer; 
(iii) 
the size, the business model, the funding model and the risk profile of the entity; and 
(iv) 
the extent to which the failure of the entity would have an adverse effect on financial stability, 
due to the interconnectedness of the entity with other institutions or entities or with the rest of the 
financial system. 
In such context, it is worth mentioning that on 18 April 2023, the European Commission published a 
legislative proposal on the Crisis Management and Deposits Insurance (the CMDI Reform) 
framework. The package consists of four legislative proposals that would amend existing EU 
legislation: the BRRD, the Deposit Guarantee Scheme Directive (Directive 2014/49/EU, the DGSD)

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
 
and the SRMR (Regulation (EU) 806/2014). On 19 June 2024, the Council announced that it had 
agreed a negotiating mandate on the review of the CMDI framework. With this agreement, the Council 
is ready to engage in negotiations with the European Parliament on the final shape of this piece of 
legislation. 
As part of the CMDI, Directive (EU) 2024/1174 was adopted – published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 22 April 2024 – introducing certain amendments to the BRRD and the SRMR aimed 
at outlining the conditions for the treatment of internal MREL.   
 
Amendments to CRD V and CRR II 
As already anticipated above, on 27 June 2019 CRD V and CRR II were issued as Directive 
2019/878/EU and Regulation 2019/876/EU respectively. CRD V applies from 29 June 2020 and CRR 
II largely applies from 28 June 2021. On 29 November 2021, the Legislative Decree No. 182, of 8 
November 2021, implementing CRD V and CRR II was published in the Official Gazette. It delegates 
the Bank of Italy to adopt the secondary implementing provisions within 180 days of its entry into force.  
On 22 February 2022 Bank of Italy issued the 38th amendment to Circular No. 285 introducing the 
possibility for the Bank of Italy to impose a systematic risk buffer (SyRB), pursuant to Article 133 of 
the CRD V, consisting of CET1, with the aim of preventing and mitigating macro-prudential or systemic 
risks not otherwise covered by the macro-prudential tools provided by the CRR, the countercyclical 
capital buffer and the capital buffers for G-SIIs or O-SIIs.  
The amendment adapts the rules concerning capital buffers and capital conservation measures with 
CRD V and implements the EBA's guidance on the appropriate subsets of sectoral exposures for the 
application of the SyRB in accordance with Article 133(5)(f) of CRD V.  
In addition to the above, the 38th amendment also granted the power to the Bank of Italy of adopting 
one or more prudential measures based on customer and loan characteristics (so-called borrower-based 
measures), requiring banks to apply them when granting new financing in any form. 
Those measures can be applied to all loans or differentiated on the basis of the characteristics of 
customers and loans. More specifically, in the presence of high vulnerabilities of the financial system, 
which may give rise to systemic risks, the Bank of Italy may adopt one or more borrower-based 
measures that are – in line with the ESRB guidelines – appropriate and sufficient to prevent or mitigate 
the identified risks, considering, if possible, also any cross-border effect arising from their application 
and paying due attention to the principle of proportionality. 
The amendments seek to implement some of the remaining aspects of Basel III and reforms which 
reflect EC findings on the impact of CRD IV on bank financing of the EU economy. Certain of the 
changes such as new market risk rules, standardised approach to counterparty risk, details on the 
leverage ratio and net stable funding requirements and the tightening of the large exposures limit will 
particularly impact capital requirements. The amendments also seek to require financial holding 
companies in the European Union to become authorised and subject to direct supervision under CRD 
IV. This will place formal direct responsibility on holding companies for compliance with consolidated 
prudential requirements for financial groups. The amendments also require third-country groups above 
a certain threshold with two or more credit institutions or investment firms in the European Union to 
establish an intermediate EU holding company. The minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities provisions in the CRR are also amended to bring the requirement in line with the Financial 
Stability Board’s final total loss absorbing capacity term sheet standards for globally significant 
institutions. 
Following a public consultation procedure, on 26 April 2024, the Bank of Italy decided to apply a SyRB 
of 1.0 per cent, of exposures towards Italian residents weighted for credit and counterparty credit risk. 
The SyRB applies to all banks authorised in Italy. The buffer rate target would be reached gradually: 
0.5 per cent would need to be set aside by 31 December 2024 and the remaining 0.5 per cent by 30 June 
2025. The SyRB is to be applied at the individual and consolidated level.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
 
The final capital framework to be established in the European Union under CRD V / CRR II differs 
from Basel III in certain areas. In December 2017, the Basel Committee finalised further changes to the 
Basel III framework which include amendments to the standardised approaches to credit risk and 
operational risk and the introduction of a capital floor. In January 2019, the Basel Committee published 
revised final standards on minimum capital requirements for market risk. These proposals will need to 
be transposed into EU law before coming into force. The Basel Committee has recommended 
implementation commencing in 2022, however timing of implementation in the European Union is 
uncertain. 
Among other measures taken by prudential regulators in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 
Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision (GHOS) decided on 2 April 2020 to delay 
the implementation of these final Basel III standards by one year to 1 January 2023. 
On 29 September 2022, the EBA amended, with Guidelines EBA/GL/2022/12, its 2014 Guidelines on 
the specification and disclosure of systemic importance, updating indicators data used for the 
identification of global systemically important institutions (G-SIIs), increasing the transparency in the 
G-SIIs identification process and ensuring a continued level playing field with respect to disclosure 
requirements between G-SIIs and other large institutions with an overall leverage ratio exposure 
measure of more than EUR 200 billion at the end of each year. EBA/GL/2022/12 applies from 16 
January 2023. 
On 21 December 2022, the Bank of Italy issued the 41st amendment to Circular No. 285, implementing 
said Guidelines EBA/GL/2022/12. With the same amendment, the Bank of Italy also implemented the 
EBA Guidelines of 12 October 2022 (EBA/GL/2022/13), amending the EBA Guidelines on disclosure 
of non-performing and foreborne exposures (EBA/GL/2018/10). 
On 27 October 2021, the Commission’s proposal was published, which transposes into the CRR (CRR 
III) and CRD (CRD VI and jointly with the CRR III the Banking Reform Package) the standards 
approved by the Basel Committee at the end of 2017, with specific reference to the treatment of the 
main risks (credit, market and operational) and the so-called “output floor”. 
The Banking Reform Package has been adopted with the publication of EU Regulation 2024/1623 
(CRR III) and EU Directive 2024/1619 (CRD VI) which entered into force on 9 July 2024.  
CRD VI aims at the harmonisation of minimum requirements applicable to the authorisation of 
branches of third-country banks and the supervision of their activities in the EU and at enhancing 
banks' management of Environmental, Social and Governance risks. Member States shall adopt and 
publish, by 10 January 2026, the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply 
with CRD VI and shall apply those measures from 11 January 2026 (with some exceptions).  
CRR III (entering fully into force on 1 January 2025) has introduced a lower limit to the risk-based 
capital requirements calculated using internal models (‘output floor’), that is equal to a percentage 
(72.5%) of the capital requirements that would apply if standardised approaches were used, considering 
a transitional period as well. In relation to the use of the Standardised approach for credit risk, CRR III 
envisages a more granular risk weight treatment of different exposures, such as: exposures to 
institutions, exposures to corporates, specialised lending exposures, retail exposures, exposures secured 
by real estate, subordinated debt exposures, equity exposures and defaulted exposures. 
On 24 July 2024, the European Commission adopted Delegated Regulation (EU) 2024/2795 that 
postpones by one year (i.e. until 1 January 2026) the date of application of the Basel III fundamental 
review of the trading book (FRTB) standards in the EU for the banks’ calculation of their own funds 
requirements for market risk. 
The Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process 
The Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under Directive 2013/36/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 26 June 2013 and Regulation (EU) 
No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 26 June 2013 
(jointly the CRD IV Package), which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process (SREP). The SREP is aimed at ensuring that institutions have in place

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
 
adequate arrangements, strategies, processes and mechanisms to maintain the amounts, types and 
distribution of internal capital commensurate to their risk profile, as well as robust governance and 
internal control arrangements. The key purpose of the SREP is to ensure that institutions have adequate 
arrangements as well as capital and liquidity to ensure sound management and coverage of the risks to 
which they are or might be exposed, including those revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the 
institution may pose to the financial system.  
By means of a press release of 11 December 2024, BPS' Group informs that the ECB has updated - with 
effect from 1 January 2025 – the decision on prudential requirements to be met on a consolidated basis. 
Taking into consideration the combined buffer requirement and the systemic risk buffer (phased-in), 
the minimum CET1 ratio requirement is 8.93 per cent. and is determined as the sum of the minimum 
Pillar 1 regulatory requirement (4.5 per cent.), the additional Pillar 2 requirement (1.55 per cent.) and 
the combined buffer requirement (2.89 per cent.). The minimum Total Capital ratio is 13.64 per cent.. 
Audit of the annual financial statements 
The Issuer states that both the consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2023, approved by the Board of Directors on 15 March 2024 and by the 
Shareholders at the Shareholders’ Meeting on 27 April 2024, have been audited by the independent 
auditors EY S.p.A., which issued its unqualified audit opinion on 5 April 2024. 
The Issuer states that both the consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements as at and for the 
year ended 31 December 2022, approved by the Board of Directors on 17 March 2023 and by the 
Shareholders at the Shareholders' Meeting on 29 April 2023, have been audited by the independent 
auditors EY S.p.A., which issued its unqualified audit opinion on 5 April 2023. 
The Issuer states that the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements as at and for 
the six months ended 30 June 2024, approved by the Board of Directors on 6 August 2024, have been 
reviewed by the independent auditors EY S.p.A., which issued its unqualified review report on 12 
August 2024. 
The Issuer states that the unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements as at and for 
the six months ended 30 June 2023, approved by the Board of Directors on 8 August 2023, have been 
reviewed by the independent auditors EY S.p.A., which issued its unqualified review report on 11 
August 2023. 
The annual consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as adopted by 
the European Union (IFRS) and with the regulations issued for implementing article 9 of Legislative 
Decree n. 38, dated 28 February 2005 and article 43 of Legislative Decree n.136, dated 18 August 2015. 
The half-year unaudited condensed interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standard applicable to interim financial reporting 
(IAS 34) as adopted by the European Union. 
Alternative Performance Measures  
In order to facilitate the understanding of economic and financial performance of the BPS Group, the 
Issuer's directors have identified certain unaudited Alternative Performance Measures (APM). 
This Base Prospectus contains or incorporates by reference the following unaudited alternative 
performance measures, as defined by the European Securities and Markets Authority’s Guidelines on 
Alternative Performance Measures (ESMA/2015/1415), which are used by the management of the 
Issuer to monitor its financial and operating performance and to facilitate management in identifying 
operational trends and take about investment decisions, resource allocation and other operational 
decisions.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
 
With reference to the interpretation of these APM draws attention to the matters illustrated below: 
(i) 
these indicators are constructed exclusively from the BPS Group's historical data and are not 
indicative of the future performance of the BPS Group; 
(ii) 
the APM are not required by IFRS and, although derived from the Issuer's consolidated 
financial statements are not audited; 
(iii) 
these financial measures should not be seen as a substitute for measures defined according to 
IFRS; 
(iv) 
reading of these APM should be carried out together with the BPS Group's financial information 
from the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements  as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2023 and 2022 and the unaudited condensed consolidated half-year financial 
statements as at and for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023; and 
(v) 
it is to be noted that, since not all companies calculate APM in the same manner, these are not 
always comparable to measurements used by other companies. 
APM used by the BPS Group are processed with continuity and consistency of definition and 
representation for all periods for which financial information is included in this Base Prospectus. 
Measures of profitability  
Cost to income ratio 
Cost/Income ratio is a ratio of operating costs to total income derived from the income statement of the 
Issuer. Cost/income ratio is one of the primary indicators of efficiency of the Issuer. The higher is the 
ratio, the lower is the profitability.  
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2023 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2024 
A. Operating costs 
(525,723) 
(580,693) 
(278,668) 
(317,835) 
B. Total income 
1,070,098 
1,467,688 
  
686,187  
812,866 
Cost to income ratio 
(A/B) 
49.13% 
39.57% 
40.61% 
39.10% 
Net interest income to total assets  
The ratio shows the profitability of the lending activity.  
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2023 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2024 
A. Net interest 
income 
681,067 
936,955 
  
427,337  
538,058 
B. Total assets 
57,854,361 
57,721,765 
  
53,970,920  
56,704,098 
Net interest 
income to total 
assets (A/B) 
1.18% 
1.62% 
0.79% 
0.95% 
Net financial income to total assets 
The ratio shows the incidence of lending activity on total assets.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2023 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2024 
A. Net financial 
income 
900,344 
1,243,146 
  
607,252  
709,532 
B. Total assets 
57,854,361 
57,721,765 
  
53,970,920  
56,704,098 
Net financial 
income to total 
assets (A/B) 
1.56% 
2.15% 
1.13% 
1.25% 
Net interest income to total income 
The ratio shows the profitability of lending activity compared to the interest rate risk.  
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2023 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2024 
A. Net interest income 
681,067 
936,955 
  
427,337  
538,058 
B. Total income 
1,070,098 
1,467,688 
  
686,187  
812,866 
Net interest income to 
total incomes (A/B) 
63.65% 
63.84% 
62.28% 
66.19% 
Administrative costs to total income 
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of administrative costs on net interest and other banking 
income.  
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2023 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2024 
A. Administrative costs 
(531,149) 
(576,058) 
(279,057) 
(300,810) 
B. Total income 
1,070,098 
1,467,688 
  
686,187  
812,866 
Administrative 
expenses to total 
income (A/B) 
49.64% 
39.25% 
40.67% 
37.01% 
Profit to total assets 
The return on assets (ROA) shows the percentage of how profitable a company's assets are in generating 
revenue.  
 
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2023 
30 June 2023 
30 June 2024 
A. Profit attributable to 
the parent company 
251,321 
461,162 
  
207,086  
263,562 
B. Total assets 
57,854,361 
57,721,765 
  
53,970,920  
56,704,098 
Profit to total assets 
(A/B) 
0.43% 
0.80% 
0.38% 
0.46%

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
 
Texas ratio 
Texas ratio is a ratio of net non-performing loans to net tangible equity minus intangible assets. 
Texas ratio represents the capability of the Issuer to support loan losses.  
(in €/thousands) 
31 
December 
2022 
31 
December 
2023 
30 June 
2023 
30 June 
2024 
A. Net non-performing loans 
608,594 
562,308 
  
577,364  
556,111 
B. Equity 
3,387,436 
3,809,274 
  
3,510,409  
3,823,505 
C. Intangible assets 
36,669 
37,756 
36,995 
39,390 
Texas ratio (A/(B-C)) 
18.16% 
14.91% 
16.62% 
14.69% 
Capital to direct funding from customers 
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of net the equity on direct customer deposits.  
(in €/thousands) 
31 
December 
2022 
31 
December 
2023 
30 June 
2023 
30 June 
2024 
A. Equity 
3,387,436 
3,809,274 
  
3.510,409  
3,823,505 
B. Direct funding from 
customers 
41,771,007 
42,392,811 
  
39,091,085  
42,782,641 
Capital to direct funding from 
customers (A/B) 
8.11% 
8.99% 
8.98% 
8.94% 
Capital to customer loans 
 The ratio shows in percentage the weight of the net equity on loans and receivables with customers 
(in €/thousands) 
31 
December 
2022 
31 December 
2023 
30 June 
2023 
30 June 
2024 
A. Equity 
3,387,436 
3,809,274 
  
3,510,409  
3,823,505 
B. Loans to customers 
33,020,179 
34,480,192 
  
33,299,581  
34,590,196 
Capital to customer loans 
(A/B) 
10.26% 
11.05% 
10.54% 
11.05% 
Capital to financial assets 
 The ratio shows in percentage the weight of net the equity on financial assets.  
(in €/thousands) 
31 
December 
2022 
31 December 
2023 
30 June 
2023 
30 June 
2024 
A. Equity 
3,387,436 
3,809,274 
  
3,510,409  
3,823,505 
B. Financial assets 
13,667,380 
13,938,683 
  
13,475,143  
14,287,880

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
 
Capital to financial assets 
(A/B) 
24.78% 
27.33% 
26.05% 
26.76% 
Capital to total assets  
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of net the equity on total assets and it is a financial 
independence index.  
(in €/thousands) 
31 
December 
2022 
31 December 
2023 
30 June 
2023 
30 June 
2024 
A. Equity 
3,387,436 
3,809,274 
  
3,510,409  
3,823,505 
B.Total assets 
57,854,361 
57,721,765 
  
53,970,920  
56,704,098 
Capital to total assets (A/B) 
5.86% 
6.60% 
6.50% 
6.74% 
Net non-performing loans to capital 
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of net non-performing loans on net equity and it is an asset 
quality index.  
(in €/thousands) 
31 
December 
2022 
31 
December 
2023 
30 June 
2023 
30 June 
2024 
A. Bad loans with customer 
121,837 
62,222 
87,132 
59,109 
B. Equity 
3,387,436 
3,809,274 
  
3,510,409  
3,823,505 
Net non-performing loans to 
capital (A/B) 
3.60% 
1.63% 
2.48% 
1.55% 
Net non-performing loans to total loans to customers 
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of Net non-performing loans to total loans to customers and 
it is an asset quality index 
(in €/thousands) 
31 
December 
2022 
31 December 
2023 
30 June 
2023 
30 June 
2024 
A. Net non-performing loans 
608,594 
562,308 
577,364 
556,111 
B. Total loans to customers 
33,020,179 
34,480,192 
  
33,299,581  
34,590,196 
Net non-performing loans to 
total loans to customers (A/B) 
1.84% 
1.63% 
1.73% 
1.61% 
Total loans to customers to total direct funding from customers 
The ratio shows in percentage the weight of total loans to customers to total direct funding from 
customers.  
(in €/thousands) 
31 December 
2022 
31 December 
2023 
30 June 
2023 
30 June 2024 
A. Total loans to customers 
33,020,179 
34,480,192 
  
33,299,581  
34,590,196

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
 
B. Total direct funding from 
customers 
41,771,007 
42,392,811 
  
39,091,085  
42,782,641 
Total loans to customers to total 
direct funding from customers 
(A/B) 
79.05% 
81.33% 
85.18% 
80.85% 
 
Cost of credit (on annual basis) 
The ratio of net adjustments to customer loans to total customer loans. 
(in €/thousands) 
31 
December 
2022 
31 December 
2023 
30 June 
2023 
30 June 
2024 
A. Net adjustment to customer 
loans 
(169,754) 
(224,542) 
(78,935) 
(103,334) 
B. Annual basis 
1 
1 
2 
2 
C. Loans to customers 
33,020,179 
34,480,192 33,299,581 34,590,196 
Cost of credit (A/C*B) 
0.51% 
0.65% 
0.47% 
0.60% 
Leverage ratio 
The ratio of Tier 1 to total on- and off-balance sheet assets 
(in €/thousands) 
31 
December 
2022 
31 December 
2023 
30 June 
2023 
30 June 
2024 
A. Tier 1 (phased-in) 
3,239,887 
3,512,520 
3,334,280 
3,622,276 
B. Total on- and off-balance 
sheet assets 
62,953,892 
63,354,781 59,273,997 62,328,732 
Leverage ratio (A/B) 
5.15% 
5.54% 
5.63% 
5.81% 
 
Return on Equity 
(in €/thousands) 
31 
December 
2022 
31 
December 
2023 
30 June 
2023 
30 June 
2024 
A. Profit for the period 
251,321 
461,162 
  
207,086  
263,562 
B. Equity 
3,387,436 
3,809,274 
  
3,510,409  
3,823,505 
ROE (A/B) 
7.42% 
12.11% 
5.90% 
6.89%

--- Page 174 ---
174

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives 
from the Notes. 
The statements herein regarding taxation summarise the main tax consequences of the purchase, the 
ownership, the redemption and the disposal of the Notes. It is a general overview that does not apply to 
certain categories of investors and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. It does 
not discuss every aspect of taxation that may be relevant to a holder of Notes if such holder is subject 
to special circumstances or if such holder is subject to special treatment under applicable law. 
Where in this overview English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning 
to be attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent 
Italian concepts under Italian tax law. 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could 
be made on a retroactive basis. 
The laws and their interpretation by the tax authorities may change and such changes may also have 
retroactive effect. Accordingly, investors should consider this aspect before investing. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall 
tax consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for 
tax purposes and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of 
the Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes, including 
in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
Italian Taxation 
Tax treatment of Notes issued by the Issuer 
Decree No. 239 sets out the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and 
other income from certain securities issued, inter alia, by Italian resident banks (including the difference 
between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as Interest). 
The provisions of Decree No. 239 only apply to Notes issued by the Issuer which qualify as obbligazioni 
(bonds) or titoli similari alle obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds) pursuant to Article 44 of 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and supplemented (Decree No. 917). 
Pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917, for securities to qualify as titoli similari alle obbligazioni 
(securities similar to bonds), they must (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay at maturity an 
amount not less than that therein indicated, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and (ii) 
attribute to the holders no direct or indirect right to control or participate in the management of the 
Issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. The 
tax regime set forth by Decree No. 239 also applies to Interest from regulatory capital financial 
instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, Italian banks, 
other than shares and assimilated instruments. 
Italian Resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is:  
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
 
(unless they have opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime – see under “Capital 
gains tax” below); 
(b) 
a non-commercial partnership; 
(c) 
a non-commercial private or public institution other than companies, and trusts not carrying out 
mainly or exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; 
or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation,  
Interest relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding 
tax, referred to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that the 
Noteholders described under paragraphs (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and the relevant 
Interest must be included in their relevant income tax return. As a consequence, the Interest will be 
subject to ordinary income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the 
taxation on income due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the 
Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by 
Italian law.  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes 
are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva. It must, however, be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and is therefore 
subject to general Italian corporate taxation (IRES) (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the 
"status" of the Noteholder, also to the regional tax on productive activities (IRAP). 
 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law 
with amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, 
converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as 
amended, payments of Interest in respect of the Notes made to Italian resident real estate investment 
funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
and supplemented, or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and Italian real 
estate SICAFs (together, the Real Estate Funds) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any 
other income tax in the hands of a Real Estate Fund. However, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will 
apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders/shareholders of the Real 
Estate Fund. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF 
("Società di investimento a capitale fisso”) or a SICAV ("Società di investimento a capital variabile") 
established in Italy (together, the Fund) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the 
supervision of a regulatory authority, and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, 
Interest accrued during the holding period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
must be included in the management results of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on 
such results but a withholding tax up to 26 per cent. will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions 
made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the Collective Investment Fund Tax).

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
 
Where an Italian resident Noteholders is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 
17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the 
end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions 
(including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law.  
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, the imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare (so-called SIMs), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio, stockbrokers and 
other qualified entities, identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance, which are resident in Italy 
(Intermediaries and each an Intermediary) or by permanent establishments in Italy of banks or 
intermediaries resident outside Italy or by organizations or companies non-resident in Italy, acting 
through a system of centralized administration of securities and directly connected with the Department 
of Revenue of the Ministry of Finance (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream) having appointed 
an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239. For the purposes of applying imposta 
sostitutiva, Intermediaries or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries are required 
to act in connection with the collection of Interest or, in the transfer or disposal of the Notes, including 
in their capacity as transferees. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer 
of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a 
change in ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change in the Intermediary with which the Notes are 
deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld 
by any Italian financial intermediary paying Interest to a Noteholder or, absent that, by the Issuer. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the 
non-Italian resident beneficial owner (certain types of institutional investors are deemed to be beneficial 
owners by operation of law) is:  
(a) 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information 
with Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by 
Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017 and possibly further amended by future decree issued 
pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (as amended by Legislative Decree No.147 of 14 
September 2015) (the White List); or  
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; or 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; 
or  
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a State included 
in the White List. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment 
in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected must be the beneficial owners of the payments of 
Interest and must:

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
 
(a) 
deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity 
or company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via 
computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; and  
(b) 
file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a 
statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which 
the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva. This statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in 
accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in the case 
of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001. 
 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. to Interest paid to Noteholders who 
do not qualify for the exemption.  
Noteholders who are subject to the substitute tax might, nevertheless, be eligible for a total or partial 
relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the 
relevant Noteholder. 
Tax treatment of Notes qualifying as atypical securities (titoli atipici) 
Atypical securities are securities that do not fall within the category of (a) shares (azioni) and securities 
similar to shares (titoli similari alle azioni) and of (b) bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds 
(titoli similari alle obbligazioni). 
Payments relating to atypical securities are subject to 26 per cent. withholding tax. 
Where the Noteholder is (i) a non-Italian resident person, (ii) an Italian resident individual not holding 
the Notes for the purpose of carrying out a business activity, (iii) an Italian resident non-commercial 
partnership, (iv) an Italian resident non-commercial private or public institution, (v) a Fund, (vi) an 
Italian Real Estate Investment Fund, (vii) a Pension Fund, or (viii) an Italian resident investor exempt 
from Italian corporate income taxation, such withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the 26 withholding tax, on Interest relating to the 
Notes qualifying as atypical securities if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth by Italian law.  
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian resident individual carrying out a business activity to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, or (b) an Italian resident corporation or a similar commercial entity 
(including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively 
connected), such withholding tax is an advance withholding tax. 
In case of a non-Italian resident Noteholder without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, the above mentioned withholding tax rate may be reduced (generally 
to 10 per cent.) or eliminated under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, subject to timely 
filing of the required documentation. 
Capital gains tax

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable 
income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as part of the 
net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company, a similar commercial 
entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are 
connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or 
public institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes 
would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. The Noteholders may set 
off any losses with their gains.  
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below: 
(a) 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be 
chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains (net of any incurred capital loss) realised 
by the above mentioned Italian resident Noteholders holding the Notes. In this instance, "capital 
gains" means any capital gain not connected with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all 
sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. Italian resident 
individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity must indicate 
the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the 
annual tax return and pay the imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance 
income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward 
against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
(b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect 
to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of 
the Notes (the risparmio amministrato regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is 
allowed subject to: 
(i) 
the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries; and  
(ii) 
an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the 
relevant Noteholder.  
The depository must account for the imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the 
revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss. The depository must also pay the 
relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholders or using funds 
provided by the Noteholders for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, any 
possible capital loss resulting from a sale or redemption or certain other transfer of the Notes 
may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realized, within the same securities 
management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholders are not required to declare the capital gains in 
the annual tax return. 
In the "risparmio gestito" regime, any capital gains realised by Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) 
above who have entrusted the management of their financial assets (including the Notes) to an 
authorised intermediary, will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
 
managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be 
paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at the 
year-end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the 
four succeeding tax years. The Noteholders are not required to declare the capital gains realised in the 
annual tax return.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth by Italian law.  
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is a Fund will neither be subject to imposta sostitutiva 
on capital gains, nor to any other income tax in the hands of the relevant Noteholders; the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax will be levied on proceeds distributed by the Fund or received by certain 
categories of unitholders upon redemption or disposal of the units.  
Real Estate Funds are not subject to any substitute tax at the fund level nor to any other income tax in 
the hands of the Real Estate Fund. However, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain 
circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders/shareholders of the Real Estate Fund. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 
per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) 
and limitations, capital gain realised on the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per 
cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth by Italian law.  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated 
markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva. The exemption applies provided that the non-Italian 
resident Noteholders, in certain cases, file in due course with the authorised financial intermediary an 
appropriate affidavit (autocertificazione) stating that the Noteholder is not resident in Italy for tax 
purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on 
regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary 
(certain types of institutional investor are deemed to be beneficial owners by operation of law) is:  
(a) 
resident in a State included in the White List; 
(b) 
an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; 
or  
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a State included 
in the White List.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale 
or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer and not traded on regulated markets are 
subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent. However, Noteholders may benefit 
from an applicable tax treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption 
of the Notes are to be taxed only in the resident tax country of the recipient. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Transfers of any valuable asset (including the Notes or other securities) as a result of death or donation 
are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance 
or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and 
gift tax on the value of the inheritance or gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 100,000; 
and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
above in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,500,000. 
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Notes) as a result of death is exempt from 
inheritance tax when such financial instruments are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a Euro 200.00 registration tax as follows: 
(i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) private deeds are subject 
to registration only in “case of use (caso d’uso), in case of “explicit reference” (enunciazione) or in case 
of voluntary registration (registrazione volontaria). 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 (Decree 
No. 642), as subsequently amended, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic 
reporting communications which may be sent by a financial intermediary to a Noteholder in respect of 
any Notes which may be deposited with such financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a rate 
of 0.20 per cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value 
figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the Notes held. The stamp duty cannot 
exceed Euro 14,000.00 if the Noteholder is not an individual. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not mandatory 
nor the deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods less than 
12 months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
and Finance on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client - regardless of the 
fiscal residence of the investor - (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 9 February 
2011, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an entity that exercises in any form a 
banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory.  
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Law Decree No. 201 of December 6, 2011, converted with Law No. 214 of 
22 December 2011, as amended and supplemented, Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities 
and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree 
No. 917) holding the Notes outside the Italian territory without the involvement of an Italian financial 
intermediary are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent (starting from January 1, 
2024, the wealth tax applies at a rate of 0.40 per cent if the Notes are held in a country listed in the 
Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 May 1999, pursuant to the provisions of Law No. 213/2023). The 
wealth tax cannot exceed Euro 14,000.00 for taxpayers different from individuals. In this case the above 
mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does not apply. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no market 
value is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the 
Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes 
paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax 
due).  
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by 
Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the above 
mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does apply. 
Tax Monitoring 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 227 
of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships 
(società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in 
Italy for tax purposes, under certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring purposes in 
their yearly income tax the amount of investments (including the Notes) directly or indirectly held 
abroad. The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the 
financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Notes 
deposited for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into 
through the intervention of qualified Italian financial intermediaries, upon condition that the items of 
income derived from the Notes have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign 
investments are only composed by deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not 
exceed a Euro 15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or 
related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including the Republic of Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect,

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
 
a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, Notes characterised as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are 
issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign 
passthrough payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the 
Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under Condition 14 (Further Issues) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after 
the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will 
be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission's Proposal) for 
a Directive for a common FTT to be adopted in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, 
Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has 
since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal was very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be or be deemed to be "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 20 December 
2024, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under " Form of the Notes" and 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse 
the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of 
the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against 
certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act) except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes (a) as part of its 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering 
and the Issue Date, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except 
in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act.  
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the IDD), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State 
of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it 
may, make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer or distribution of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Notes, (ii) the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, from time to time. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Prospectus Regulation.  
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public 
in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(i) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(ii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iii) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to 
any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes, (ii) the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will 
not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act 
(Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and 
regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in 
France of the EMTN Programme Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus 
or of any other offering material relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations; or  
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.  
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must:  
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and the Italian Consolidated Banking Act; 
and  
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including, the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 
129 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
Singapore

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged (and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge) that this Base Prospectus has 
not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented, warranted and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree) that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes 
or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document 
or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, 
whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 
275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has 
not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused 
the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell 
any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of 
the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 
of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Notification under Section 
309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore" that will state the product classification 
of the applicable Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the SFA; however, unless otherwise stated in 
the applicable Final Terms, all Notes shall be prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). This notification or any such legend included in the 
applicable Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) 
of the SFA.  
Switzerland 
The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to 
trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Belgium

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in 
Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1, 2o of the Belgian Code of 
Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or 
resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it 
has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer.  
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses 
or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it 
for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The annual update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by the resolution 
of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 8 October 2024. 
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU).  
Documents Available 
For the period of 10 years following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection from https://istituzionale.popso.it/en/investor-
relations/financial-operations:  
(a) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus;  
(b) 
the English translation of the Issuer’s half-yearly unaudited condensed consolidated financial 
statements and the relevant independent auditor’s review report as at and for the six months 
ended 30 June 2024; 
(c) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements and the relevant 
independent auditor’s report for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the English translation of the consolidated non-financial statements and the relevant auditor’s 
report as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 of the Issuer; 
(e) 
the English translation of the audited consolidated financial statements and the relevant 
auditor’s report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 of the Issuer; 
(f) 
the press release headed “Capital ratios of Banca Popolare di Sondrio far exceeding the SREP 
requirements assigned for 2025” dated 11 December 2024; 
(g) 
the press release headed “Banca Popolare di Sondrio largely exceeds new MREL requirement” 
dated 6 November 2024; 
(h) 
the press release headed “Board of Directors of 5 November 2024: consolidated Interim 
Management Statements as at 30 September 2024 approved” dated on 5 November 2024; 
(i) 
the press release headed “Morningstar DBRS improves the rating of Banca Popolare di 
Sondrio. The Bank’s issuer rating is at investment grade “BBB” with “Stable” trend” dated 23 
October 2024; 
(j) 
the press release headed “Fitch ratings improves the rating of Banca Popolare di Sondrio. The 
Bank’s issuer rating is at investment grade “BBB-” with “Stable” outlook” dated 24 April 
2024; 
(k) 
the press release headed “Scope Ratings confirms Banca Popolare di Sondrio’s rating at

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
 
investment grade “BBB”, with stable outlook” dated 17 April 2024; 
(l) 
the press release headed “S&P Global Ratings assigns the rating to Banca Popolare di Sondrio. 
Long-term creditworthiness is rated investment grade at “BBB-”, with stable outlook” dated 
26 February 2024; 
(m) 
the press release headed “Banca Popolare di Sondrio sells € 173.7 million of bad loans through 
the multi-originator securitisation “Luzzatti Pop Npls 2023” dated 28 December 2023; 
(n) 
the Framework Agreement; 
(o) 
the Second Party Opinion; 
(p) 
the terms and conditions as set out under the base prospectus dated 19 December 2023; and 
(q) 
any future Base Prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms 
and Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will 
only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer or the Paying Agent (as applicable) as to its holding of Notes and 
identity) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by 
reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Notes will be in bearer form and held 
in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by 
Monte Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg). The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall 
have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
The registered office and principal place of business of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is Piazza degli Affari 6, 
20123 Milan, Italy. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the form of Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the 
Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Adverse Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Group since 30 
September 2024 and there has been no material adverse change in prospects of the Group since 31 
December 2023. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus at pages 158-159, neither the Issuer nor any other member of

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
 
the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
Independent auditors  
On 29 April 2017, EY S.p.A. were appointed independent auditors of the Issuer for the years ending 31 
December 2017 through 31 December 2025. EY S.p.A. is regulated by Ministry for Economy and 
Finance and registered in the register held by Ministry for Economy and Finance at no. 70945. EY 
S.p.A. is also a member of Assirevi, the Italian association of auditing firms. The offices of EY S.p.A. 
are located at Via Meravigli, 12, 20123, Milan, Italy. 
The reports of the independent auditors of the Issuer are incorporated in the form and context in which 
they are incorporated, with the consent of the relevant independent auditors who have authorised the 
contents of that part of this Base Prospectus. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer  
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, 
corporate finance, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts 
of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments 
of the Issuer or the Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or 
the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. For the purposes of this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also the relevant parent 
companies of the Dealers. Banca Akros, as Dealer, is part of the Banco BPM group and therefore it is 
controlled by Banco BPM S.p.A. which has shares participations in certain companies involving also 
the Issuer. 
Rating 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
 
ISSUER AND PAYING AGENT 
BANCA POPOLARE DI SONDRIO S.P.A. 
Piazza Garibaldi, 16 
23100 Sondrio 
Italy 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Italian law 
Chiomenti 
Via G. Verdi 4 
20121 - Milan 
Italy 
 
To the Dealers as to Italian law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling Studio Legale Associato 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284 
00186 Rome 
Italy 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS  
EY S.p.A. 
Via Meravigli, 12 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
Société Générale 
 29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris  
France 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69 route d'Esch 
L - 2953 Luxembourg

--- Page 194 ---
194